{"title": "/wiki/Albula_Railway", "text": "The Albula Railway ( German : Albulabahn ; Italian : Ferrovia dell'Albula ) is a single track metre gauge railway line forming part of the so-called core network of the Rhaetian Railway ( RhB ) , in the Canton of Graubünden , Switzerland . It links Thusis on the Hinterrhein ( 697 m ( 2,287 ft ) above sea level ) with the spa resort of St. Moritz in Engadine ( 1,774 m ( 5,820 ft ) above sea level ) . Construction of the Albula Railway was begun in September 1898 , the opening took place on 1 July 1903 , and the extension to St. Moritz commenced operations on 10 July 1904 . With its 55 bridges and 39 tunnels , the 61.67-kilometre long ( 38.32 mi ) line is one of the most spectacular narrow gauge railways in the world . On 7 July 2008 , the Albula Railway and the Bernina Railway , which also forms part of the RhB , were jointly recorded in the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites , under the name Rhaetian Railway in the Albula / Bernina Landscapes . The best known trains operating on the Albula Railway are the Glacier Express and the Bernina Express ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California_State_University,_Fresno", "text": "California State University , Fresno ( Fresno State ) is a public university in Fresno , California . It is one of 23 campuses in the California State University system . The university had a Fall 2018 enrollment of 24,995 students . It offers bachelor 's degrees in 60 areas of study , 45 master 's degrees , 3 doctoral degrees , 12 certificates of advanced study , and 2 different teaching credentials . The university 's unique facilities include an on-campus planetarium , on-campus raisin and wine grape vineyards , and a commercial winery , where student-made wines have won over 300 awards since 1997 . Members of Fresno State 's nationally ranked Top 10 Equestrian Team have the option of housing their horses on campus , next to indoor and outdoor arenas . Fresno State has a 50,000-square-foot ( 4,600 m2 ) Student Recreation Center and the third-largest library ( by square footage ) in the California State University system . The university is classified as a doctoral university with moderate research activity in the Carnegie Classification , as of the February 1 , 2016 update ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taylors_Eayre_&_Smith_Ltd", "text": "John Taylor & Co , commonly known as Taylor 's Bell Foundry , Taylor 's of Loughborough , or simply Taylor 's , is the world 's largest working bell foundry . It is in Loughborough , in the Charnwood borough of Leicestershire , England . The business originated in the 14th century and became Taylor 's after the Taylor family took over in 1784 . In September 2009 Taylors went into administration but was bought out of administration by a consortium called UK Bellfoundries Ltd , led by Andrew Wilby , which successfully re-financed and re-established the business . Since then the company has re-established its presence both in the UK and in the Carillon and other export markets . In 2018 the company established a subsidiary called John Taylor International , based in Australia , to serve the southern hemisphere markets . In 2016 the Directors of UK Bellfoundries Ltd founded the Loughborough Bellfoundry Trust and transferred ownership of the buildings , equipment , intellectual property and the Museum to that body in perpetuity to safeguard it for the future . The Trust has received emergency grants to restore several parts of the building from Historic England as it was listed as a Grade 2* building at risk . Further restoration is planned . The company manufactures bells for use in clock towers , rings of bells for change ringing , chimes , and carillons . In 2005 John Taylor 's had merged with Eayre & Smith Ltd ( bellhangers ) and from 2005 until 2009 became Taylors Eayre & Smith Ltd . The Foundry has a museum of bells and bellfounding which is the only one of its kind in the UK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_FIS_Snowboard_World_Cup", "text": "The 2015/16 FIS Snowboard World Cup is 22nd multi race season in snowboarding . Competition consists of the parallel slalom , parallel giant slalom , snowboard cross , halfpipe , slopestyle and big air ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All-Consuming_Fire", "text": "All-Consuming Fire is an original novel written by Andy Lane and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who . The novel is a crossover with Arthur Conan Doyle 's fictional detective Sherlock Holmes featuring the characters of both Holmes and Doctor Watson , and also with H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos . A prelude to the novel , also penned by Lane , appeared in Doctor Who Magazine issue 213 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Choc_Quib_Town", "text": "ChocQuibTown ( sometimes written as Choc Quib Town ) is a Colombian hip-hop group . Although the band formed in Cali , the members are originally from the Colombian department of Chocó . The group consists of Carlos Tostao Valencia ( rapping ) , his wife Gloria Goyo Martínez ( singing and rapping ) , and Gloria 's brother Miguel Slow Martínez ( production and rapping ) . The band 's music draws influence from a wide variety of modern genres including hip-hop and more recently electronica , combined with traditional Colombian genres including salsa , Latin jazz , and Afro-Latin rhythms . After growing up in Chocó and forming in Cali , the ChocQuibTown relocated to Bogotá and gained popularity performing in the city 's bars . The group 's first two albums , Somos Pacífico ( 2006 ) and Oro ( 2010 ) were bolstered by the singles Somos Pacífico and De Donde Vengo Yo , with the latter song winning a Latin Grammy in 2011 . The band 's third album , Eso Es Lo Que Hay ( 2011 ) experienced further success , featuring the single Hasta el Techo , followed by El Mismo ( 2015 ) . The group 's latest album , Sin Miedo , was released in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Cambridge", "text": "The University of Cambridge ( legally The Chancellor , Masters , and Scholars of the University of Cambridge ) is a collegiate public research university in Cambridge , United Kingdom . Founded in 1209 and granted a royal charter by King Henry III in 1231 , Cambridge is the second-oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world 's fourth-oldest surviving university . The university grew out of an association of scholars who left the University of Oxford after a dispute with the townspeople . The two 'ancient universities ' share many common features and are often referred to jointly as 'Oxbridge ' . The academic standards , history , influence and wealth of the University of Cambridge has made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world . Cambridge is formed from a variety of institutions which include 31 semi-autonomous constituent Colleges and over 100 academic departments organised into six schools . Cambridge University Press , a department of the university , is the world 's oldest publishing house and the second-largest university press in the world . Cambridge Assessment , also a department of the university , is one of the world 's leading examining bodies and provides assessment to over eight million learners globally every year . The university also operates eight cultural and scientific museums , including the Fitzwilliam Museum , as well as a botanic garden . Cambridge 's libraries , of which there are over 100 , hold a total of around 16 million books , around nine million of which are in Cambridge University Library , a legal deposit library . The university is home to , but independent of , the Cambridge Union - the world 's oldest debating society . The university is closely linked to the development of the high-tech business cluster known as 'Silicon Fen ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ludhiana", "text": "Ludhiana is a city and a municipal corporation in Ludhiana district in the Indian state of Punjab . Ludhiana is Punjab 's largest city and India 's largest city north of Delhi , with an area of 310 sq . km and an estimated population of 1,618,879 as of the [ update ] 2011 census . The city stands on the Sutlej River 's old bank , 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) south of its present course . It is an industrial center of northern India ; the UK 's BBC has called it India 's Manchester . Ludhiana was among the list of smart cities that will be developed by government of India . Ludhiana is the easiest city in India to do business according to the World Bank . It is ranked first in paying taxes , second in resolving insolvency , fourth in contract enforcement , and seventh in starting a business . Ludhiana is 107 kilometres ( 66 mi ) west of the state capital , Chandigarh , on NH 95 , and is centrally located on National Highway 44 , which runs from New Delhi to Amritsar . It is 315 km ( 194 miles ) north of Delhi and 142 km ( 88 miles ) southeast of Amritsar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Louisville_Cardinals_football_team", "text": "The 2014 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Cardinals were led by head coach Bobby Petrino , who began his second stint at Louisville after eight years away , seven of which were spent as a head coach at other colleges and in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team played its 17th season at Papa John 's Cardinal Stadium in Louisville , Kentucky . They were in their first season as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference , having replaced departed member Maryland in the Atlantic Division . They finished the season 9-4 , 5-3 in ACC play to finish in third place in the Atlantic Division . They were invited to the Belk Bowl , where they lost to Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Water_motorsports_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , three motorboat racing events were contested . Various sources refer to the sport as water motorsports , motor boats , and power boating . The 1900 and 1908 Summer Games were the only ones to feature motorized sports ( motor racing was featured in 1900 ) . The IOC has never decided which events were Olympic and which were not . All three events used the same distance , five laps around an 8 nautical mile course for a total of 40 nautical miles ( 70 km ) . In each of the events , multiple boats started but only one finished , due primarily to the gale that was blowing during the course of the competition . Events were held on 28 August and 29 August 1908 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Everth_Cabrera", "text": "Everth Cabrera ( born November 17 , 1986 ) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball infielder . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the San Diego Padres and Baltimore Orioles . He led the National League ( NL ) in stolen bases in 2012 , and was an All-Star in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olivier_Panis", "text": "Olivier Panis ( born 2 September 1966 ) is a French professional racing driver . Panis drove in Formula One for ten seasons , scoring one win at the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix for the Ligier team . As of 2019 , he is the last French driver to win a Formula One Grand Prix . He is the father of racing driver Aurélien Panis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Happy_Valley_Shanghai", "text": "Happy Valley Shanghai ( Chinese : 上海欢乐谷 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Huānlè Gǔ ) is an amusement park in Shanghai , China . The park is located in Songjiang District , approximately 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) from downtown Shanghai . It covers an area of 863,500 square metres ( 213.4 acres ) . Opened on 16 August 2009 , it is the fourth installation of the Happy Valley theme park chain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queens_Park,_Bedford", "text": "Queens Park is an electoral ward and area in Bedford , England . The area 's borders are approximately Bromham Road and Beverley Crescent to the north , the Midland Main Line railway line to the east , and the River Great Ouse to the south . Queens Park is a diverse and multicultural area , reflected in the many specialist shops and businesses located in the community , including many international supermarkets and delis . There are also a varied number of places of worship , including an Anglican church , two mosques and the largest Sikh temple in the United Kingdom outside London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Foscott", "text": "Foscott ( also called Foxcote and Foscote ) is a hamlet and is also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Thornton . In the 20th century a reservoir was built within Foscote , named Foxcote Reservoir . It is just to the north of Maids Moreton . The name was Anglo Saxon in origin , meaning Fox cottage ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Playlife", "text": "Playlife is a fashion company based in Treviso , Italy . The company is owned by the Benetton family and is the sporting label of the clothes manufacturer . Playlife put their name to the engine supply of Formula One team Benetton 's cars from 1998 to 2000 . Playlife engines were re-badged Renault engines that had been acquired by Mecachrome in 1998 and Supertec in 1999 and 2000 . Other teams ran the same engines but kept the Mecachrome/Supertec name such as Williams , Arrows and BAR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cynodont", "text": "The cynodonts ( dog teeth ) ( clade Cynodontia ) are therapsids that first appeared in the Late Permian ( approximately 260 Ma ) . The cynodonts include modern mammals ( including humans ) as well as their extinct ancestors and close relatives , but not all cynodonts were mammals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Payson_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "The Payson Presbyterian Church at 160 South Main Street in Payson , Utah , United States was built in 1882 . It has also been known as Payson Bible Church . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1986 ; the listing included two contributing buildings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Syndicat_National_de_l'Édition_Phonographique", "text": "The National Syndicate of Phonographic Publishing ( French : Syndicat national de l'édition phonographique ; SNEP ) is the inter-professional organisation that protects the interests of the French record industry . Originally known under the acronym SNICOP , the organisation was established in 1922 and has 48 member companies . SNEP 's responsibilities include collecting and distributing royalty payments for broadcast and performance , preventing copyright infringement of its members ' works ( including music piracy ) , and sales certification of silver , gold , platinum and diamond records and videos . SNEP also compiles weekly official charts of France 's top-selling music , including singles and albums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maryland", "text": "Maryland ( US : /ˈmɛrələnd/ ( listen ) MERR-ə-lənd ) [ a ] is a state in the Mid-Atlantic region of the eastern United States , bordering Virginia , West Virginia , and the District of Columbia to its south and west ; Pennsylvania to its north ; and Delaware and the Atlantic Ocean to its east . The state 's largest city is Baltimore , and its capital is Annapolis . Among its occasional nicknames are Old Line State , the Free State , and the Chesapeake Bay State . It is named after the English queen Henrietta Maria , known in England as Queen Mary , who was the wife of King Charles I. Sixteen of Maryland 's twenty-three counties , as well as the city of Baltimore , border the tidal waters of the Chesapeake Bay estuary and its many tributaries , which combined total more than 4,000 miles of shoreline . Although one of the smallest states in the U.S. , it features a variety of climates and topographical features that have earned it the moniker of America in Miniature . In a similar vein , Maryland 's geography , culture , and history combine elements of the Mid-Atlantic , Northeastern , and South Atlantic regions of the country . Before its coastline was explored by Europeans in the 16th century , Maryland was inhabited by several groups of Native Americans , mostly by the Algonquin , and to a lesser degree by the Iroquois and Sioux . As one of the original Thirteen Colonies of Great Britain , Maryland was founded by George Calvert , a Catholic convert who sought to provide a religious haven for Catholics persecuted in England . In 1632 , Charles I of England granted Calvert a colonial charter , naming the colony after his wife , Queen Mary ( Henrietta Maria of France ) . Unlike the Pilgrims and Puritans , who rejected Catholicism in their settlements , Calvert envisioned a colony where people of different religious sects would coexist under the principle of toleration . Accordingly , in 1649 the Maryland General Assembly passed an Act Concerning Religion , which enshrined this principle by penalizing anyone who reproached a fellow Marylander based on religious affiliation . Nevertheless , religious strife was common in the early years , and Catholics remained a minority , albeit in greater numbers than in any other English colony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_duPont,_Jr.", "text": "William Francis du Pont Jr. ( February 11 , 1896 - December 31 , 1965 ) was an English-born , American businessman and banker , and a prominent figure in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing . He developed and designed more than 20 racing venues , including Fair Hill at his 5,000-acre estate in Maryland . A member of the Delaware Du Pont family , he was the son of William du Pont and Annie Rogers Zinn , and brother to Marion duPont Scott , a noted horsewoman and breeder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexandr_Kolobnev", "text": "Alexandr Vasilievich Kolobnev ( ; born 4 May 1981 ) is a Russian former professional road bicycle racer . His major victories include winning the 2007 Monte Paschi Eroica , a stage of the 2007 Paris-Nice and he is a two-time winner of the Russian National Road Race Championships . In 2011 , he was provisionally suspended after testing positive for a potential drug masking agent . He was cleared of intentional doping by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in February 2012 , and returned to in March 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Table_tennis_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Women's_team", "text": "The Women 's team competition began on 4 October 2010 . There were a total of 16 teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asaba,_Nigeria", "text": "Asaba ( ) is a city strategically located at the western edge of the Niger River . It is the capital of Delta State Nigeria . A fast developing urban area , Asaba had a population of 149,603 as at the 2006 census , and a metropolitan population of over half a million people . Asaba is well known for social activities due to the presence of large people and social amenities such as hotels , clubs , cinemas , malls , event centre , etc . It holds a yearly program named Delta Yaddah which always host series of gospel singers among others . Due to its large population , crime rate is high . Crimes such as pick pocketing , sideways robbery , etc , is rampart in Asaba . Because of the existence of foreigners in the state , cost of living is high in Asaba . The Onitsha bridge is the boundary between Delta and Anambra state , as the bridge separates Asaba and Onitsha ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhigosaurus", "text": "Rhigosaurus is a genus of therocephalian therapsids ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antonio_Colorado", "text": "Antonio José Colorado Laguna ( born September 8 , 1939 ) is an American lawyer and politician from New York . He served as Secretary of State of Puerto Rico and Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico for the administration of Rafael Hernández Colón ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_April_Jones", "text": "April Sue-Lyn Jones ( 4 April 2007 - c. 1 October 2012 ) was a child murder victim in Wales , UK . April , from Machynlleth , Powys , Wales , who was aged five , disappeared on 1 October 2012 , after being sighted willingly getting into a vehicle near her home . Her disappearance generated a large amount of national and international press coverage . A 46-year-old local man , Mark Bridger , was subsequently arrested . On 30 May 2013 , Bridger was found guilty of April 's abduction and murder , in addition to perverting the course of justice . He was sentenced to life imprisonment , with the trial judge ordering that he never be released from prison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buenos_Aires", "text": "Buenos Aires ( /ˌbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /-ˈaɪrɪs/ ; Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈbwenos ˈaiɾes ] ) is the capital and largest city of Argentina . The city is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata , on the South American continent 's southeastern coast . Buenos Aires can be translated as fair winds or good airs , but the former was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century , by the use of the original name Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre , named after the Madonna of Bonaria in Sardinia . The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation , which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts , constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas , with a population of around 15.6 million . The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province 's capital ; rather , it is an autonomous district . In 1880 , after decades of political infighting , Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province . The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores ; both are now neighborhoods of the city . The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy , hence its formal name of Autonomous City of Buenos Aires ( Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires ; CABA ) . Its citizens first elected a chief of government ( i.e . mayor ) in 1996 ; previously , the mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic . Buenos Aires ' quality of life was ranked 91st in the world in 2018 , being one of the best in Latin America . In 2012 , it was the most visited city in South America , and the second-most visited city of Latin America ( behind Mexico City ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malcolm_&_Eddie", "text": "Malcolm & Eddie is an American sitcom that premiered August 26 , 1996 on UPN , and ran for four seasons , airing its final episode on May 22 , 2000 . This series starred Malcolm-Jamal Warner and Eddie Griffin in the lead roles . The program was produced by Jeff Franklin Productions in association with TriStar Television in its first three seasons and by Columbia TriStar Television in its final season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speculation", "text": "Speculation is the purchase of an asset ( a commodity , goods , or real estate ) with the hope that it will become more valuable in the near future . In finance , speculation is also the practice of engaging in risky financial transactions in an attempt to profit from short term fluctuations in the market value of a tradable financial instrument - rather than attempting to profit from the underlying financial attributes embodied in the instrument such as capital gains , dividends , or interest . Many speculators pay little attention to the fundamental value of a security and instead focus purely on price movements . Speculation can in principle involve any tradable good or financial instrument . Speculators are particularly common in the markets for stocks , bonds , commodity futures , currencies , fine art , collectibles , real estate , and derivatives . Speculators play one of four primary roles in financial markets , along with hedgers , who engage in transactions to offset some other pre-existing risk , arbitrageurs who seek to profit from situations where fungible instruments trade at different prices in different market segments , and investors who seek profit through long-term ownership of an instrument 's underlying attributes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland", "text": "Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a country situated in the confluence of western , central , and southern Europe . [ note 4 ] It is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons , with federal authorities seated in Bern . [ note 1 ] Switzerland is a landlocked country bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau , the Alps , and the Jura , spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 ( 15,940 sq mi ) , and land area of 39,997 km2 ( 15,443 sq mi ) . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are located , among them the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva . The establishment of the Old Swiss Confederacy dates to the late medieval period , resulting from a series of military successes against Austria and Burgundy . Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire was formally recognized in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . The Federal Charter of 1291 is considered the founding document of Switzerland which is celebrated on Swiss National Day . Since the Reformation of the 16th century , Switzerland has maintained a strong policy of armed neutrality ; it has not fought an international war since 1815 and did not join the United Nations until 2002 . Nevertheless , it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world . Switzerland is the birthplace of the Red Cross , one of the world 's oldest and best known humanitarian organisations , and is home to numerous international organisations , including the second largest UN office . It is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association , but notably not part of the European Union , the European Economic Area or the Eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft", "text": "Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond , Washington . It develops , manufactures , licenses , supports , and sells computer software , consumer electronics , personal computers , and related services . Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems , the Microsoft Office suite , and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers . Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface lineup of touchscreen personal computers . In 2016 , it was the world 's largest software maker by revenue ( currently Alphabet/Google has more revenue ) . The word Microsoft is a portmanteau of microcomputer and software . Microsoft is ranked No . 30 in the 2018 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4 , 1975 , to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for the Altair 8800 . It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s , followed by Microsoft Windows . The company 's 1986 initial public offering ( IPO ) , and subsequent rise in its share price , created three billionaires and an estimated 12,000 millionaires among Microsoft employees . Since the 1990s , it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions , their largest being the acquisition of LinkedIn for $ 26.2 billion in December 2016 , followed by their acquisition of Skype Technologies for $ 8.5 billion in May 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shahrul_Hakim", "text": "Muhamad Shahrul Hakim Bin Rahim ( born 2 February 1995 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Kelantan United in Malaysia M3 League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prince_George's_County,_Maryland", "text": "Prince George 's County ( often shortened to PG County ) is located in the U.S. state of Maryland , bordering the eastern portion of Washington , D.C. As of the 2010 U.S. Census , the population was 863,420 , making it the second-most populous county in Maryland , behind Montgomery County . Its county seat is Upper Marlboro . It is one of the richest African American-majority counties in the United States , with five of its communities identified in a 2015 top ten list . Prince George 's County is included in the Washington metropolitan area . The county also hosts many federal governmental facilities , such as Joint Base Andrews and the United States Census Bureau headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Medicine_Hat", "text": "Medicine Hat ( Blackfoot : Saamis ) is a city in southeast Alberta , Canada . It is located along the South Saskatchewan River . It is approximately 169 km ( 105 mi ) east of Lethbridge and 295 km ( 183 mi ) southeast of Calgary . This city and the adjacent Town of Redcliff to the northwest are within Cypress County . Medicine Hat was the sixth-largest city in Alberta in 2016 with a population of 63,230 . Started as a railway town , today Medicine Hat is served by the Trans-Canada Highway ( Highway 1 ) and the eastern terminus of the Crowsnest Highway ( Highway 3 ) . Nearby communities considered part of the Medicine Hat area include the Town of Redcliff ( abutting the city 's northwest boundary ) and the hamlets of Desert Blume , Dunmore , Irvine , Seven Persons , and Veinerville . The Cypress Hills ( including Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park ) is a relatively short distance ( by car ) to the southeast of the city . Historically , Medicine Hat has been known for its large natural gas fields , being immortalized by Rudyard Kipling as having all hell for a basement . Because of these reserves , the city is known as The Gas City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cross-platform", "text": "In computing , cross-platform software ( also multi-platform software or platform-independent software ) is computer software that is implemented on multiple computing platforms . Cross-platform software may be divided into two types ; one requires individual building or compilation for each platform that it supports , and the other one can be directly run on any platform without special preparation , e.g. , software written in an interpreted language or pre-compiled portable bytecode for which the interpreters or run-time packages are common or standard components of all platforms . For example , a cross-platform application may run on Microsoft Windows , Linux , and macOS . Cross-platform programs may run on as many as all existing platforms , or on as few as two platforms . Cross-platform frameworks ( such as Qt , Flutter , NativeScript , Xamarin , Phonegap , Ionic , and React Native ) exist to aid cross-platform development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Labrador_Peninsula", "text": "The Labrador Peninsula or the Quebec-Labrador Peninsula is a large peninsula in eastern Canada . It is bounded by the Hudson Bay to the west , the Hudson Strait to the north , the Labrador Sea to the east , and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence to the southeast . The peninsula includes the region of Labrador , which is part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , and the regions of Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean , Côte-Nord , and Nord-du-Québec , which are in the province of Quebec . It has an area of 1,400,000 km2 ( 541,000 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wastewater", "text": "Wastewater ( or waste water ) is any water that has been affected by human use . Wastewater is used water from any combination of domestic , industrial , commercial or agricultural activities , surface runoff or stormwater , and any sewer inflow or sewer infiltration . Therefore , wastewater is a byproduct of domestic , industrial , commercial or agricultural activities . The characteristics of wastewater vary depending on the source . Types of wastewater include : domestic wastewater from households , municipal wastewater from communities ( also called sewage ) and industrial wastewater . Wastewater can contain physical , chemical and biological pollutants . Households may produce wastewater from flush toilets , sinks , dishwashers , washing machines , bath tubs , and showers . Households that use dry toilets produce less wastewater than those that use flush toilets . Wastewater may be conveyed in a sanitary sewer that conveys only sewage . Alternatively , wastewater can be transported in a combined sewer that conveys both stormwater runoff and sewage , and possibly also industrial wastewater . After treatment at a wastewater treatment plant , treated wastewater ( also called effluent ) is discharged to a receiving water body . The terms wastewater reuse and water reclamation apply if the treated waste is used for another purpose ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benita_Johnson", "text": "Benita Jaye Willis , born on 6 May 1979 in Mackay , Queensland is an Australian long-distance runner , who is a three-time national champion in the women 's 5,000 metres . Her foremost achievement is a gold medal in the long race at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships . She has also won team medals at that competition on two occasions . She has competed at the Summer Olympics four times ( 2000 , 2004 , 2008 , 2012 ) and has twice represented Australia at the Commonwealth Games ( 2002 , 2006 ) . At the 2003 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships she won the bronze medal with a time of 1:09:26 hours . In 2004 , she won the 8K at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and also the women 's half marathon title at the Great North Run . She was 24th in the 10,000 metres at the 2004 Olympic Games . At the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships she won her second career medal at the event by coming fourth in the short race and helping the Australian women to the team bronze medal . She set a time of 2:22:36 at the 2006 Chicago Marathon , a new Australian national record and an Oceania area record . She won the Berlin Half Marathon in 2007 in a personal best time of 1:08.28 hours . Her third international cross country medal came at the 2008 IAAF World Cross Country Championships as she finished eleventh in the long race to lead Australia to third on the team podium . She finished third at the 2010 Great Ireland Run , recording a time of 34:28 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mursley", "text": "Mursley is a small village in and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district Buckinghamshire , England . It is located about three miles east of Winslow and four miles south west of Fenny Stratford . The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'Myrsa 's woodland ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Muselai . The village was at one time a more important place ; it was once a market town , by virtue of a royal charter granted in 1230 , and the centre of the local deanery . The size of the place has been much reduced since then , most likely by the bubonic plague of the 17th century . There was at one time a manor in the locality called Salden , within which stood a manor house built by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir John Fortescue ( d.1629 ) , which was visited by King James I . This house has since disappeared . Actor David Tomlinson who played George Banks in Mary Poppins and Mr. Emelius Browne in Bedknobs and Broomsticks lived and raised his children in Mursley until his death on 24 June 2000 . Tomlinson became notorious around the village for flying very low in his Tiger Moth and on one occasion he crash landed in a field near his house and was tried for , but acquitted of , reckless flying . Legend has it he was attempting to drop chocolates from his plane for his wife Audrey . The Beechams estate in the village draws its name from Sir Thomas Beecham who resided in Mursley Hall which used to exist on the site of this estate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berkeley,_CA", "text": "Berkeley ( /ˈbɜːrkli/ BURK-lee ) is a city on the east shore of San Francisco Bay in northern Alameda County , California . It is named after the 18th-century Irish bishop and philosopher George Berkeley . It borders the cities of Oakland and Emeryville to the south and the city of Albany and the unincorporated community of Kensington to the north . Its eastern border with Contra Costa County generally follows the ridge of the Berkeley Hills . The 2010 census recorded a population of 112,580 . Berkeley is home to the oldest campus in the University of California system , the University of California , Berkeley , and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , which is managed and operated by the University . It also has the Graduate Theological Union , one of the largest religious studies institutions in the world . Berkeley is considered one of the most socially liberal cities in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lionel_Blair", "text": "Lionel Blair ( born Henry Lionel Ogus ) [ failed verification ] is a British actor , choreographer , tap dancer and television presenter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baseball_(1983_video_game)", "text": "Baseball [ a ] is a 1983 video game from Nintendo . Being a launch game for the Nintendo Entertainment System , and the universal appeal of its namesake sport , are said to have made Baseball a key to the system 's overall success , and an important piece of Nintendo history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Francis_Mallory", "text": "Francis Mallory ( December 12 , 1807 - March 26 , 1860 ) was an American naval officer , physician , politician , and railroad executive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tai_Po_Market_station", "text": "Tai Po Market ( Chinese : 大埔墟 ; Cantonese Yale : Daaihbouhēui ; pronounced : [ tàːipōu.hɵ́y ] ) is a station on the East Rail line in the New Territories , Hong Kong . Located near Uptown Plaza , in Tai Po , the station has three tracks and four platforms . Platform 1 is for northbound trains to border crossing stations at Lo Wu and Lok Ma Chau and platform 4 is for southbound trains to Hung Hom , Kowloon while platforms 2 and 3 use the same track and is reserved for peak hour traffic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas", "text": "Dallas ( /ˈdæləs/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and the largest city and seat of Dallas County , with portions extending into Collin , Denton , Kaufman and Rockwall counties . With an estimated 2018 population of 1,345,076 , it is the ninth most-populous city in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio . Located in North Texas , the city of Dallas is the main core of the largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States and the largest inland metropolitan area in the U.S. that lacks any navigable link to the sea . [ a ] It is the most populous city in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the country at 7.5 million people . Dallas and nearby Fort Worth were initially developed due to the construction of major railroad lines through the area allowing access to cotton , cattle and later oil in North and East Texas . The construction of the Interstate Highway System reinforced Dallas 's prominence as a transportation hub , with four major interstate highways converging in the city and a fifth interstate loop around it . Dallas then developed as a strong industrial and financial center and a major inland port , due to the convergence of major railroad lines , interstate highways and the construction of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , one of the largest and busiest airports in the world . In addition , Dallas has DART ( Dallas Area Rapid Transit ) with different colored train lines that transport throughout the metroplex . Dominant sectors of its diverse economy include defense , financial services , information technology , telecommunications , and transportation . Dallas is home to 9 Fortune 500 companies within the city limits . The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex hosts additional Fortune 500 companies , including American Airlines ( Fort Worth ) and ExxonMobil ( Irving ) . Over 41 colleges and universities are located within its metropolitan area , which is the most of any metropolitan area in Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venezuela", "text": "Venezuela ( /ˌvɛnəˈzwɛlə/ ( listen ) ; American Spanish : [ beneˈswela ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ( Spanish : República Bolivariana de Venezuela ) , is a country on the northern coast of South America , consisting of a continental landmass and many small islands and islets in the Caribbean Sea . It has a territorial extension of 916,445 km2 ( 353,841 sq mi ) . The continental territory is bordered on the north by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean , on the west by Colombia , Brazil on the south , Trinidad and Tobago to the north-east and on the east by Guyana . The Venezuelan government maintains a claim against Guyana to Guayana Esequiba , an area of 159,542 km2 ( 61,600 sq mi ) . For its maritime areas , Venezuela exercises sovereignty over 71,295 km2 ( 27,527 sq mi ) of territorial waters , 22,224 km2 ( 8,581 sq mi ) in its contiguous zone , 471,507 km2 ( 182,050 sq mi ) of the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean under the concept of exclusive economic zone , and 99,889 km2 ( 38,567 sq mi ) of continental shelf . This marine area borders those of 13 states . The capital and largest urban agglomeration is the city of Caracas . The country has extremely high biodiversity and is ranked seventh in the world 's list of nations with the most number of species . There are habitats ranging from the Andes Mountains in the west to the Amazon basin rain-forest in the south via extensive llanos plains , the Caribbean coast and the Orinoco River Delta in the east . The sovereign state is a federal presidential republic consisting of 23 states , the Capital District ( covering Caracas ) , and federal dependencies ( covering Venezuela 's offshore islands ) . Venezuela also claims all Guyanese territory west of the Essequibo River , a 159,500-square-kilometre ( 61,583 sq mi ) tract dubbed Guayana Esequiba or the Zona en Reclamación ( the zone under dispute ) . Venezuela is among the most urbanized countries in Latin America ; the vast majority of Venezuelans live in the cities of the north , especially in the capital ( Caracas ) which is also the largest city in Venezuela ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_Dome", "text": "The Georgia Dome was a domed stadium in the Southeastern United States . Located in Atlanta between downtown to the east and Vine City to the west , it was owned and operated by the State of Georgia as part of the Georgia World Congress Center Authority . Its successor , Mercedes-Benz Stadium , was built adjacent to the south and opened on August 26 , 2017 . The Georgia Dome was demolished on November 20 , 2017 . The Georgia Dome was the home stadium for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League ( NFL ) and the Georgia State University Panthers football team . It hosted two Super Bowls ( XXVIII and XXXIV ) , 25 editions of the Peach Bowl ( January 1993 through December 2016 ) and 23 SEC Championship Games ( 1994−2016 ) . In addition , the Georgia Dome also hosted several soccer matches since 2009 with attendances over 50,000 . In its 25 years of operation , the Georgia Dome hosted over 1,400 events attended by over 37 million people . The Georgia Dome was the only stadium in the United States to host the Olympics , Super Bowl and Final Four . At its debut in 1992 , the Georgia Dome was the second-largest covered stadium in the world by capacity , behind the Pontiac Silverdome ; it was also surpassed by AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas , and Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benning_Road_station", "text": "Benning Road is an island-platformed Washington Metro station in the Benning Ridge neighborhood of Northeast Washington , D.C. , United States . The station was opened on November 22 , 1980 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . Providing service for the Blue and Silver Lines , the station is located in a residential area near the intersection of Benning Road and East Capitol Street . It is the first station after the Blue and Silver Lines diverge from the Orange Line east of the Anacostia River , and also the last station in the District of Columbia going east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isle_of_Man", "text": "The Isle of Man ( Manx : Mannin [ ˈmanɪnʲ ] , also Manx : Ellan Vannin [ ˈɛlʲan ˈvanɪnʲ ] ) , sometimes referred to simply as Mann /mæn/ , is a self-governing British Crown dependency in the Irish Sea between Great Britain and Ireland . The head of state , Queen Elizabeth II , holds the title of Lord of Mann and is represented by a lieutenant governor . Defence is the responsibility of the United Kingdom . Humans have lived on the island since before 6500 BC . Gaelic cultural influence began in the 5th century AD , and the Manx language , a branch of the Gaelic languages , emerged . In 627 Edwin of Northumbria conquered the Isle of Man along with most of Mercia . In the 9th century , Norsemen established the Kingdom of the Isles , which included the Isle of Man . Magnus III , King of Norway from 1093 to 1103 , reigned also as King of Mann and the Isles between 1099 and 1103 . In 1266 the island became part of Scotland under the Treaty of Perth , after being ruled by Norway . After a period of alternating rule by the kings of Scotland and England , the island came under the feudal lordship of the English Crown in 1399 . The lordship revested into the British Crown in 1765 , but the island never became part of the 18th century kingdom of Great Britain or its successors ( the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the present-day United Kingdom ) . It retained its internal self-government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abdul_Rahman_Ibrahim", "text": "Abdul Rahman Ibrahim ( born 13 April 1946 ) is a Malaysian football coach and a former football player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean-Michel_Bombardier", "text": "Jean-Michel Bombardier ( born August 22 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former pair skater . With Michelle Menzies , he won two national titles and finished in the top ten at three World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Death_of_Alice_Gross", "text": "Alice Poppy Madeleine Gross ( 14 February 2000 - c. 28 August 2014 ) was an English girl who was murdered in London . Gross suffered from anorexia , which was suggested by her mother and some mainstream media sources in the early days of the search for her as being related to her disappearance . She lived in Hanwell , west London , with her sister , Nina Gross , and parents , Jose Gross and Rosalind Hodgkiss . She went missing after leaving her home in Hanwell on 28 August 2014 . The search for her was the largest deployment of Metropolitan Police officers in a search operation since the 7 July 2005 London bombings . It involved 600 officers from eight forces . Gross 's body was found in the River Brent five weeks later , on 30 September ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kendall_James", "text": "Kendall James ( born June 29 , 1991 ) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent . He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft . He played college football at Maine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hog_Hammock,_Georgia", "text": "Hog Hammock is an African-American community on Sapelo Island , a barrier island of the U.S. state of Georgia . The community of Hog Hammock , also known as Hogg Hummock , includes homes , a general store , bar , public library , and other small businesses including vacation rentals . There are two active church congregations in Hog Hammock : St. Luke Baptist Church , founded in 1885 , and First African Baptist Church , established in 1866 . The latter congregation has an older building known as First African Baptist Church at Raccoon Bluff , constructed in 1900 in the former Raccoon Bluff community north of Hog Hammock . It is used for special services and programs . Many of the full-time inhabitants of the Hog Hammock Community are African Americans known as Gullah-Geechees , descendants of enslaved West African people brought to the island in the 1700s and 1800s to work on island plantations . The current population of full-time Gullah-Geechee residents in the community is estimated to be 47 ( 2009 ) . The residents must bring all supplies from the mainland or purchase them in the small store on the island . The children of Hog Hammock take the ferry to the mainland and then take a bus to school , as the island school closed in 1978 . Hog Hammock is home to the Sapelo Island Cultural and Revitalization Society , Inc. ( SICARS ) , a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve and revitalize the Hogg Hummock Community . SICARS was founded in 1993 by Sapelo Island resident and non-resident descendants including Cornelia Walker Bailey . The founding members wanted to enhance the future of their community by educating all visitors to the island about the history and to increase awareness that Sapelo has existed as an African community for over 200 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1982_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season was the last for Paul Bear Bryant as head coach at Alabama , retiring with 323 victories in 38 seasons . The Penn State Nittany Lions won their first consensus national championship , closing out an 11-1 season by defeating Georgia and Heisman Trophy winner Herschel Walker 27-23 in the Sugar Bowl to edge out undefeated SMU for the national championship . It was Joe Paterno 's first national championship , after three undefeated non-championship seasons . UCLA moved from the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum to the Rose Bowl and fulfilled a promise made by coach Terry Donahue by closing out their season there as well , beating Michigan 24-14 in the Rose Bowl on New Year 's Day . It is also the year of The Play , an improbable finish to the annual rivalry game between Cal and Stanford . The Aloha Bowl premiered in Honolulu , Hawaii , and was won by Washington ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Düsseldorf_Airport", "text": "Düsseldorf Airport ( German : Flughafen Düsseldorf , pronounced [ ˌfluːkhaːfn̩ ˈdʏsl̩dɔʁf ] ; until March 2013 Düsseldorf International Airport ; IATA : DUS , ICAO : EDDL ) is the international airport of Düsseldorf , the capital of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia . It is about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) north of downtown Düsseldorf , and some 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south-west of Essen in the Rhine-Ruhr area , Germany 's largest metropolitan area . Düsseldorf is the third largest airport in Germany after Frankfurt and Munich ; it handled 24.5 million passengers in 2017 . It is a hub for Eurowings and a focus city for several more airlines . The airport has three passenger terminals and two runways and can handle wide-body aircraft up to the Airbus A380 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NASA", "text": "The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA , /ˈnæsə/ ) is an independent agency of the United States Federal Government responsible for the civilian space program , as well as aeronautics and aerospace research . [ note 1 ] NASA was established in 1958 , succeeding the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics ( NACA ) . The new agency was to have a distinctly civilian orientation , encouraging peaceful applications in space science . Since its establishment , most US space exploration efforts have been led by NASA , including the Apollo Moon landing missions , the Skylab space station , and later the Space Shuttle . NASA is supporting the International Space Station and is overseeing the development of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle , the Space Launch System and Commercial Crew vehicles . The agency is also responsible for the Launch Services Program which provides oversight of launch operations and countdown management for uncrewed NASA launches . NASA science is focused on better understanding Earth through the Earth Observing System ; advancing heliophysics through the efforts of the Science Mission Directorate 's Heliophysics Research Program ; exploring bodies throughout the Solar System with advanced robotic spacecraft missions such as New Horizons ; and researching astrophysics topics , such as the Big Bang , through the Great Observatories and associated programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Home_run", "text": "In baseball , a home run ( abbreviated HR ) is scored when the ball is hit in such a way that the batter is able to circle the bases and reach home safely in one play without any errors being committed by the defensive team in the process . In modern baseball , the feat is typically achieved by hitting the ball over the outfield fence between the foul poles ( or making contact with either foul pole ) without first touching the ground , resulting in an automatic home run . There is also the inside-the-park home run where the batter reaches home safely while the baseball is in play on the field . A home run with a high exit velocity and good launch angle is sometimes called a no-doubter , because it leaves no doubt that it is going to leave the park when it leaves the bat . When a home run is scored , the batter is also credited with a hit and a run scored , and an RBI for each runner that scores , including himself . Likewise , the pitcher is recorded as having given up a hit and a run , with additional runs charged for each runner that scores other than the batter . Home runs are among the most popular aspects of baseball and , as a result , prolific home run hitters are usually the most popular among fans and consequently the highest paid by teams - hence the old saying , Home run hitters drive Cadillacs , and singles hitters drive Fords ( coined , circa 1948 , by veteran pitcher Fritz Ostermueller , by way of mentoring his young teammate , Ralph Kiner ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._James_AME_Church_(Ashland,_Kentucky)", "text": "The St. James AME Church in Ashland , Kentucky is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church at 12th St. and Carter Avenue . It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 . It is a gable-front brick building , with brick laid in common bond . It is the second church of the congregation : the first church was a wood frame building which was moved in 1905 to the property , and which was eventually destroyed sometime after the brick building was built alongside ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-41-D", "text": "STS-41-D was the 12th flight of NASA 's Space Shuttle program , and the first mission of Space Shuttle Discovery . It was launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 30 August 1984 , and landed at Edwards Air Force Base , California , on 5 September . Three commercial communications satellites were deployed into orbit during the six-day mission , and a number of scientific experiments were conducted . The mission was delayed by more than two months from its original planned launch date , having experienced the Space Shuttle program 's first launch abort at T-6 seconds on 26 June 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roy_Barker_(American_football)", "text": "Roy Barker ( born February 24 , 1969 ) is a former professional American football player . He played defensive end for nine seasons for the Minnesota Vikings , San Francisco 49ers , Cleveland Browns , and Green Bay Packers . Barker played on the Central Islip , New York football Team in high school ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jasper_Diefenbach", "text": "Jasper Diefenbach ( born 17 March 1988 ) is a Dutch male volleyball player . He is part of the Netherlands men 's national volleyball team . On club level he plays for Volley-Ball Nantes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frankie_Poultney", "text": "Professional skaters from the British television show Dancing on Ice are figure skaters who appear with celebrities in front of a panel of judges . Most of the professionals on the series are former ice dancers or pair skaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uzbek_SSR", "text": "Uzbekistan ( US : /ʊzˈbɛkɪˌstæn , -ˌstɑːn/ ( listen ) , UK : /ʊzˌbɛkɪˈstɑːn , ʌz- , -ˈstæn/ ) is the common English name for the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic ( Uzbek SSR ; Uzbek : Ўзбекистон ССР , Oʻzbekiston SSR ; Russian : Узбекская ССР , Uzbekskaya SSR ) and later , the Republic of Uzbekistan ( Uzbek : Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси ) , that refers to the period of Uzbekistan from 1924 to 1991. as one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union . It was governed by the Uzbek branch of the Soviet Communist Party , the only legal political party , from 1925 until 1990 . From 1990 to 1991 , it was a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with its own legislation . Sometimes , that period is also referred to as Soviet Uzbekistan . Beginning 20 June 1990 , the Uzbek SSR adopted the Declaration of State Sovereignty within its borders . Islam Karimov became the republic 's inaugural president . On 31 August 1991 , the Uzbek SSR was renamed the Republic of Uzbekistan and declared independence three months before the Soviet Union 's dissolution on 26 December 1991 . Uzbekistan was bordered by Kazakhstan to the north ; Tajikistan to the southeast ; Kirghizia to the northeast ; Afghanistan to the south ; and Turkmenistan to the southwest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012–13_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2012-13 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began in November with the 2K Sports Classic and ended with the Final Four in Atlanta , April 6-8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jessie_Reyez", "text": "Jessie Reyez ( born June 12 , 1991 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter . Her 2016 single Figures peaked at number 58 on the Canadian Hot 100 in 2017 and was certified double Platinum by Music Canada and Gold by the RIAA . Her 2017 EP , Kiddo , led to four nominations at the 2018 Juno Awards , winning Breakthrough Artist . Her follow up EP , Being Human in Public , was released in 2018 . It won R & B/Soul Recording of The Year at the 2019 Juno Awards and was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards . Reyez received two more nominations at the 2020 Juno Awards , including Artist of the Year . Reyez has also co-written songs for Calvin Harris and Normani , most notably penning the hit One Kiss , the biggest selling song of 2018 in the United Kingdom . Her debut album , Before Love Came to Kill Us , will be released on March 27 , 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hume_House", "text": "The Hume House is a house located at 472 West Webster Avenue in Muskegon , Michigan . It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 , and is now part of the Hackley and Hume Historic Sites , and is open to the public ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Staples_thesis", "text": "In economic development , the staples thesis is a theory of export-led growth based on Canadian experience . The theory has its origins in research into Canadian social , political , and economic history carried out in Canadian universities.by members of what were then known as departments of political economy . From these groups of researchers , the two most prominent scholars following this approach were Harold Innis and W.A . Mackintosh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Australia", "text": "South Australia ( abbreviated as SA ) is a state in the southern central part of Australia . It covers some of the most arid parts of the country . With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres ( 379,725 sq mi ) , it is the fourth-largest of Australia 's states and territories by area , and fifth largest by population . It has a total of 1.7 million people , and its population is the second most highly centralised in Australia , after Western Australia , with more than 77 percent of South Australians living in the capital , Adelaide , or its environs . Other population centres in the state are relatively small ; Mount Gambier , the second largest centre , has a population of 28,684 . South Australia shares borders with all of the other mainland states , and with the Northern Territory ; it is bordered to the west by Western Australia , to the north by the Northern Territory , to the north-east by Queensland , to the east by New South Wales , to the south-east by Victoria , and to the south by the Great Australian Bight . The state comprises less than 8 percent of the Australian population and ranks fifth in population among the six states and two territories . The majority of its people reside in greater Metropolitan Adelaide . Most of the remainder are settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray . The state 's colonial origins are unique in Australia as a freely settled , planned British province , rather than as a convict settlement . Colonial government commenced on 28 December 1836 , when the members of the council were sworn in near the Old Gum Tree . [ citation needed ] As with the rest of the continent , the region has a long history of human occupation by numerous tribes and languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park", "text": "The University of Maryland , College Park ( University of Maryland , UMD , or simply Maryland ) is a public research university in College Park , Maryland . Founded in 1856 , UMD is the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland . It is also the largest university in both the state and the Washington metropolitan area , with more than 41,000 students representing all fifty states and 123 countries , and a global alumni network of over 360,000 . Its twelve schools and colleges together offer over 200 degree-granting programs , including 92 undergraduate majors , 107 master 's programs , and 83 doctoral programs . UMD is a member of the Association of American Universities and competes in intercollegiate athletics as a member of the Big Ten Conference . The University of Maryland 's proximity to the nation 's capital has resulted in many research partnerships with the federal government ; faculty receive research funding and institutional support from agencies such as the National Institutes of Health , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the Food and Drug Administration , and the Department of Homeland Security . It is classified as a first tier research university by the Carnegie Foundation , and is labeled a Public Ivy , denoting a quality of education comparable to the private Ivy League . UMD is ranked among the top 100 universities both nationally and globally by several indices . In 2016 , the University of Maryland , College Park and the University of Maryland , Baltimore formalized their strategic partnership after their collaboration successfully created more innovative medical , scientific , and educational programs , as well as greater research grants and joint faculty appointments than either campus has been able to accomplish on its own . As of 2017 , the operating budget of the University of Maryland is approximately $ 2.1 billion . For the 2018 fiscal year , the university received a total of over $ 545 million in external research funding . In October 2017 , the university received a record-breaking donation of $ 219.5 million from the A. James & Alice B. Clark Foundation , ranking among the largest philanthropic gifts to a public university in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhubani_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Madhubani Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Bamba_(song)", "text": "La Bamba ( pronounced [ la ˈβamba ] ) is a Mexican folk song , originally from the state of Veracruz , best known from a 1958 adaptation by Ritchie Valens , a top 40 hit in the U.S. charts and one of early rock and roll 's best-known songs . Valens ' version of La Bamba is included in Robert Christgau 's Basic Record Library of 1950s and 1960s recordings - published in Christgau 's Record Guide : Rock Albums of the Seventies ( 1981 ) - and ranked number 345 on Rolling Stone magazine′s list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time . It is the only song on the list sung in a language other than English . La Bamba has been covered by numerous artists , most notably by Los Lobos , whose version was the title track of the 1987 film La Bamba and reached No . 1 in the U.S. and UK singles charts in the same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PKNS_F.C.", "text": "Football Association of Selangor II ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor II ) , also named Selangor II , is the reserve team of Selangor , and based in Shah Alam , in the state of Selangor . Founded in 1967 as part of the sports and recreation club for the Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ( Malay : Kelab Sukan dan Rekreasi Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ) ( KSR PKNS ) . The club was combined with Football Association of Selangor at end of 2019 as one club and was rebranded as a football club to be known as Selangor II . The team formerly known PKNS FC was then converted into a reserve team as part of the feeder club regulations and will begin the 2020 season as a reserve team of Selangor FA and will play in Premier League , holding home games at Selayang Stadium , with a 16,000-seat capacity . Unlike in England , reserve teams in Malaysia play in the same football pyramid as their first team rather than a separate league . However , reserve teams can not play in the same division as their first team . Therefore , the team is ineligible for promotion to Malaysia Super League , the division in which their parent side competes . Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the cup competitions . The team is officially known as Selangor II on the club 's official promotion and website , but Malaysian Football League , the governing body of Malaysia football League football system rules prohibit reserve teams from having different names than their parent team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulgaria", "text": "Bulgaria ( /bʌlˈɡɛəriə , bʊl-/ ( listen ) ; Bulgarian : България , romanized : Balgariya ) , officially the Republic of Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Република България , romanized : Republika Balgariya , IPA : [ rɛˈpublikɐ bɐɫˈɡarijɐ ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe . It is bordered by Romania to the north , Serbia and North Macedonia to the west , Greece and Turkey to the south , and the Black Sea to the east . The capital and largest city is Sofia ; other major cities are Plovdiv , Varna and Burgas . With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres ( 42,855 sq mi ) , Bulgaria is Europe 's 16th-largest country . One of the earliest societies in the lands of modern-day Bulgaria was the Neolithic Karanovo culture , which dates back to 6,500 BC . In the 6th to 3rd century BC the region was a battleground for Thracians , Persians , Celts and ancient Macedonians ; stability came when the Roman Empire conquered the region in AD 45 . The Eastern Roman , or Byzantine , Empire lost some of these territories to an invading Bulgar horde in the late 7th century . The Bulgars founded the First Bulgarian Empire in AD 681 , which dominated most of the Balkans and significantly influenced Slavic cultures by developing the Cyrillic script . This state lasted until the early 11th century , when Byzantine emperor Basil II conquered and dismantled it . A successful Bulgarian revolt in 1185 established a Second Bulgarian Empire , which reached its apex under Ivan Asen II ( 1218-1241 ) . After numerous exhausting wars and feudal strife , the Second Bulgarian Empire disintegrated in 1396 and its territories fell under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries . The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 resulted in the formation of the current Third Bulgarian State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amberley,_New_Zealand", "text": "Amberley is a town located in the Hurunui District in north Canterbury , on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand . It is located on State Highway 1 approximately 50 km north of Christchurch . It is the seat of the Hurunui District Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_Mikan", "text": "Edward Anton Mikan ( October 20 , 1925 - October 22 , 1999 ) was an American professional basketball player . He was the younger brother of George Mikan . After starring at Joliet Catholic High School in Illinois , the 6 ' 8 Mikan joined the DePaul Blue Demons men 's basketball team . With his brother , he helped DePaul win the 1945 National Invitational Tournament Championship over Bowling Green State University . Coach Ray Meyer said that he was probably the second-best center we ever had at DePaul , only behind his brother George . From 1948 to 1954 , Ed Mikan played in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Chicago Stags , Rochester Royals , Washington Capitols , Philadelphia Warriors , Indianapolis Olympians , and Boston Celtics . He averaged 6.7 points and 5.5 rebounds per game in his NBA career . His best year statistically was his rookie season , when he averaged 9.9 points . Mikan later worked as the supervisor of officials for the American Basketball Association , then focused his attention on his insurance and real estate business ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maharashtra", "text": "Maharashtra ( /mɑːhəˈrɑːʃtrə/ ; Marathi : [ məharaːʂʈrə ] ( listen ) , abbr . MH ) is a state in the western peninsular region of India occupying a substantial portion of the Deccan Plateau . It is the second-most populous state and third-largest state by area . Spread over 307,713 km2 ( 118,809 sq mi ) , it is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west , the Indian states of Karnataka and Goa to the south , Telangana to the southeast and Chhattisgarh to the east , Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to the north , and the Indian union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu to the north west . It is also the world 's third-most populous subnational entity . Maharashtra was formed by merging the western and south-western parts of the Bombay State , Berar and Vidarbha , and the north-western parts of the Hyderabad State and splitting Saurashtra ( in present-day Gujarat ) by the States Reorganisation Act . It has over 112 million inhabitants and its capital , Mumbai , has a population around 18 million making it the most populous urban area in India . Nagpur hosts the winter session of the state legislature . Pune is known as the 'Oxford of the East ' due to the presence of several well-known educational institutions . Nashik is known as the 'Wine Capital of India ' as it has the largest number of wineries and vineyards in the country . The Godavari and the Krishna are the two major rivers in the state . The Narmada and Tapi Rivers flow near the border between Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Werribee_Football_Club", "text": "The Werribee Football Club , nicknamed the Tigers , is an Australian rules football club , based in Werribee . The club was formed in 1964 and currently plays in the Victorian Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aberdeen", "text": "Aberdeen ( /ˌæbərˈdiːn/ ( listen ) ; Scots : Aiberdeen , listen ( help·info ) ; Scottish Gaelic : Obar Dheathain [ opəɾ ˈɛ.ɛɲ ] ; Latin : Aberdonia ) is a city in northeast Scotland . It is Scotland 's third most populous city , one of Scotland 's 32 local government council areas and the United Kingdom 's 39th most populous built-up area , with an official population estimate of 196,670 for the city of Aberdeen and 227,560 for the local council area . During the mid-18th to mid-20th centuries , Aberdeen 's buildings incorporated locally quarried grey granite , which can sparkle like silver because of its high mica content . Since the discovery of North Sea oil in the 1970s , Aberdeen has been known as the off-shore oil capital of Europe . The area around Aberdeen has been settled for at least 8,000 years , when prehistoric villages lay around the mouths of the rivers Dee and Don . The city has a long , sandy coastline and a marine climate , the latter resulting in chilly summers and mild winters . Aberdeen received Royal burgh status from David I of Scotland ( 1124-1153 ) , transforming the city economically . The city has two universities , the University of Aberdeen , founded in 1495 , and Robert Gordon University , which was awarded university status in 1992 , making Aberdeen the educational centre of north-east Scotland . The traditional industries of fishing , paper-making , shipbuilding , and textiles have been overtaken by the oil industry and Aberdeen 's seaport . Aberdeen Heliport is one of the busiest commercial heliports in the world and the seaport is the largest in the north-east of Scotland . Aberdeen used to host the Aberdeen International Youth Festival , a major international event which attracted up to 1000 of the most talented young performing arts companies but the council ended funding in 2017 and the festival was wound up in 2018 . In 2015 , Mercer named Aberdeen the 57th most liveable city in the world , as well as the fourth most liveable city in Britain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Williamsburg,_Kentucky", "text": "Williamsburg is a home rule-class city in and the county seat of Whitley County , on the southeastern border of Kentucky , United States . The population was 5,245 at the 2010 census . Developed along the Cumberland River , the city was founded in 1818 and named after William Whitley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uganda", "text": "Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Uganda ; Luganda : Eggwanga Yuganda ) is a landlocked country in East-Central Africa . It is bordered to the east by Kenya , to the north by South Sudan , to the west by the Democratic Republic of the Congo , to the south-west by Rwanda , and to the south by Tanzania . The southern part of the country includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , shared with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda is in the African Great Lakes region . Uganda also lies within the Nile basin , and has a varied but generally a modified equatorial climate . Uganda takes its name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a large portion of the south of the country , including the capital Kampala . The people of Uganda were hunter-gatherers until 1,700 to 2,300 years ago , when Bantu-speaking populations migrated to the southern parts of the country . Beginning in 1894 , the area was ruled as a protectorate by the UK , who established administrative law across the territory . Uganda gained independence from the UK on 9 October 1962 . The period since then has been marked by violent conflicts , including an 8-year-long far right military dictatorship led by Idi Amin . Additionally , a lengthy civil war against the Lord 's Resistance Army in the Northern Region led by Joseph Kony , has caused hundreds of thousands of casualties . The official languages are English and Swahili , although any other language may be used as a medium of instruction in schools or other educational institutions or for legislative , administrative or judicial purposes as may be prescribed by law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McLaren", "text": "McLaren Racing Limited is a British motor racing team based at the McLaren Technology Centre , Woking , Surrey , England . McLaren is best known as a Formula One constructor and also has a history of competing in American open wheel racing as both an entrant and a chassis constructor , and has won the Canadian-American Challenge Cup ( Can-Am ) sports car racing championship . The team is the second oldest active , and second most successful Formula One team after Ferrari , having won 182 races , 12 Drivers ' Championships and eight Constructors ' Championships . The team is a wholly owned subsidiary of the McLaren Group . Founded in 1963 by New Zealander Bruce McLaren , the team won its first Grand Prix at the 1968 Belgian Grand Prix , but their greatest initial success was in Can-Am , which they dominated from 1967 to 1971 . Further American triumph followed , with Indianapolis 500 wins in McLaren cars for Mark Donohue in 1972 and Johnny Rutherford in 1974 and 1976 . After Bruce McLaren died in a testing accident in 1970 , Teddy Mayer took over and led the team to their first Formula One Constructors ' Championship in 1974 , with Emerson Fittipaldi and James Hunt winning the Drivers ' Championship in 1974 and 1976 respectively . The year 1974 also marked the start of a long-standing sponsorship by Phillip Morris ' Marlboro cigarette brand . In 1981 , McLaren merged with Ron Dennis ' Project Four Racing ; Dennis took over as team principal and shortly after organised a buyout of the original McLaren shareholders to take full control of the team . This began the team 's most successful era : with Porsche and Honda engines , Niki Lauda , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna took between them seven Drivers ' Championships and the team took six Constructors ' Championships . The combination of Prost and Senna was particularly dominant - together they won all but one race in 1988 - but later their rivalry soured and Prost left for Ferrari . Fellow English team Williams offered the most consistent challenge during this period , the two winning every constructors ' title between 1984 and 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romania", "text": "Romania ( /roʊˈmeɪniə/ ( listen ) ro-MAY-nee-ə ; Romanian : România [ romɨˈni.a ] ( listen ) ) is a country located at the crossroads of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern Europe . It has borders with the Black Sea to the southeast , Bulgaria to the south , Ukraine to the north , Hungary to the west , Serbia to the southwest , and Moldova to the east . It has a predominantly temperate-continental climate . With a total area of 238,397 square kilometers ( 92,046 square miles ) , Romania is the 8th largest country and also the 6th most populous member state of the European Union , having almost 20 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Bucharest , and other major urban areas include Cluj-Napoca , Timișoara , Iași , Constanța , Craiova , Brașov , and Galați . The River Danube , Europe 's second-longest river , rises in Germany 's Black Forest and flows in a general southeast direction for 2,857 km ( 1,775 mi ) , coursing through ten countries before emptying into Romania 's Danube Delta . The Carpathian Mountains , which cross Romania from the north to the southwest , include Moldoveanu Peak , at an altitude of 2,544 m ( 8,346 ft ) . Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia . The new state , officially named Romania since 1866 , gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1877 . Following World War I after declaring its neutrality in 1914 , when Romania fought on the side of the Allied powers starting with 1916 , Bukovina , Bessarabia , Transylvania as well as parts of Banat , Crișana , and Maramureș became part of the sovereign Kingdom of Romania . In June-August 1940 , as a consequence of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and Second Vienna Award , Romania was compelled to cede Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union , and Northern Transylvania to Hungary . In November 1940 , Romania signed the Tripartite Pact and , consequently , in June 1941 entered World War II on the Axis side , fighting against the Soviet Union until August 1944 , when it joined the Allies and recovered Northern Transylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saturn_Award", "text": "The Saturn Awards are American awards presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films ; they were initially created to honor science fiction , fantasy , and horror on film , but have since grown to reward other films belonging to genre fiction , as well as films on television and home media releases . The awards were originally referred to as Golden Scrolls . The Saturn Awards were created in 1973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stanford_Cardinal_football", "text": "The Stanford Cardinal football program represents Stanford University in college football at the NCAA Division I FBS level and is a member of the Pac-12 Conference 's North Division . Stanford has a highly successful football tradition . The team is currently known as the Cardinal , adopted prior to the 1982 season . Stanford was known as the Indians from 1930 to January 1972 , and the Cardinals from 1972 through 1981 . A student vote in December 1975 to change the nickname to Robber Barons was not approved by administrators . Stanford has fielded football teams every year since 1892 with a few exceptions . Like a number of other teams from the era concerned with violence in the sport , the school dropped football in favor of rugby from 1906 to 1917 . The school also did not field a team in 1918 ( due to World War I ) or in 1943 , 1944 , and 1945 ( due to World War II ) . The school participated in the first-ever Rose Bowl against Michigan in 1902 , in which they were routed 49-0 . Its annual Big Game against California is the oldest and most storied rivalry in the Pac-12 and western United States . The Cardinal also compete for the Legends Trophy against independent rival Notre Dame . The program has an all-time record of 657-467-49 for a winning percentage of .581 and has winning series records against all of its Pac-12 North rivals , except for the Washington Huskies , against whom they are tied 43-43-4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003_LSU_Tigers_football_team", "text": "The 2003 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University ( LSU ) during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season . Coached by Nick Saban , the LSU Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . The Tigers compiled an 11-1 regular season record and then defeated the No . 5 Georgia Bulldogs in the SEC Championship Game , Afterward , LSU was invited to play the Oklahoma Sooners in the Sugar Bowl for the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) national title . LSU won the BCS National Championship Game , the first national football championship for LSU since 1958 . The 2003 college football regular season ended with three one-loss teams in BCS contention : the LSU Tigers , Oklahoma Sooners , and USC Trojans . USC ended the regular season ranked No . 1 and LSU No . 2 in both the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . Media controversy ensued when the BCS computer-based selection system chose LSU and Oklahoma as the participants in the BCS title game , largely based on an assessment of the relative difficulty of the three teams ' 2003 schedules . During the bowl games , LSU beat No . 3 Oklahoma 21-14 in the Sugar Bowl ( designated as the BCS National Championship Game for the 2003-04 season ) , while USC defeated the No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penang_FA", "text": "Football Association of Penang ( or simply known as FA Penang ) is a Malaysian association football club based in George Town , Penang that currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League . Unofficially founded in 1920 , officially as Football Association of Penang on 21 October 1921 , the club represents the state of Penang in football tournaments . The team has traditionally worn a blue home kit . They have a long-standing rivalry with Kedah ; the two teams from the northern region of Malaysia being engaged in what has been collectively known as the Northern Region Derby . The state football team play their home matches at the 20,000 capacity City Stadium in George Town . Penang had established itself as a major force in Malaysian football between the 1950s to the 1970s . Domestically , Penang has won a record of 3 Division 1 titles , 4 Malaysia Cup titles , 5 Malaysia FAM League titles , 1 Malaysia FA Cup title and 1 Malaysia Charity Shield . At present , it is one of the 12 teams competing in the Malaysian Premier League and the first club from Malaysia won Asian title Aga Khan Gold Cup unofficial Asian Champions ' Cup 1976"}
{"title": "/wiki/Anita_Waage", "text": "Anita Waage ( born 30 July 1971 ) is a former Norwegian football player and World Champion . She played on the Norwegian team that won the 1995 FIFA Women 's World Cup in Sweden . Her clubs include Spjelkavik IL , IK Grand Bodø and Trondheims-Ørn SK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaipur_(horse)", "text": "Jaipur ( foaled 1959 in Kentucky ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1962 Belmont Stakes and was voted that year 's U.S. Eclipse Award for Outstanding 3-Year-Old Male Horse . Jaipur was a son of Nasrullah out of the mare Rare Perfume , whose sire was Eight Thirty . He was bred by George D. Widener , Jr. 's Erdenheim Farm . As a yearling , Jaipur was broken and exercised by soon-to-be jockey Michael Tornambe , who was the first person to ride the colt . He was also under the care of farm manager Ralph Delaney . Trained by future U.S . Racing Hall of Fame inductee Bert Mulholland , Jaipur won ten of his nineteen races , including the 1962 Belmont , Withers , and Travers Stakes while ridden by Willie Shoemaker ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Land_of_Hope_&_Glory", "text": "Land of Hope and Glory is a British patriotic song , with music by Edward Elgar and lyrics by A. C. Benson , written in 1901 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jim_Springer", "text": "James E. Springer ( June 17 , 1926 - February 19 , 2018 ) was an American professional basketball player . He played in the National Basketball League , Basketball Association of America , and American Basketball League during the early years of modern professional basketball in the United States . Springer began his collegiate career at Indiana State Teacher 's College , where he played one season for Glenn Curtis before completing his collegiate career at Canterbury College in Danville , Indiana . At Canterbury , he was a member of the basketball team for three seasons , the football and track teams for two seasons . He was also a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity and the Letterman 's Club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Provinces_of_Sri_Lanka", "text": "In Sri Lanka , provinces ( Sinhala : පළාත , romanized : Paḷāta ; Tamil : மாகாணம் , romanized : Mākāṇam ) are the first level administrative division . They were first established by the British rulers of Ceylon in 1833 . Over the next century most of the administrative functions were transferred to the districts , the second level administrative division . By the middle of the 20th century the provinces had become merely ceremonial . This changed in 1987 when , following several decades of increasing demand for a decentralization , the 13th Amendment to the 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka established provincial councils . Currently there are nine provinces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlton_Football_Club", "text": "The Carlton Football Club , nicknamed the Blues , is an Australian rules football club based in Melbourne , Victoria . Founded in 1864 in Carlton , an inner suburb of Melbourne , the club competes in the Australian Football League ( formerly the Victorian Football League ) , and was one of the competition 's eight founding member clubs in 1896 . The club 's headquarters and training facilities are located in Carlton at Princes Park , its traditional home ground , and it currently plays its home matches at either Docklands Stadium ( currently known as Marvel Stadium ) or the Melbourne Cricket Ground . Carlton has historically been one of the AFL 's most successful clubs , having won sixteen senior VFL/AFL premierships , equal with Essendon as the most of any club ; prior to this , it won six senior premierships , including two in the Victorian Football Association . The club has also fielded a team in the AFL Women 's league since its establishment in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beirut", "text": "Beirut ( /beɪˈruːt/ bay-ROOT ; Arabic : بيروت , romanized : Bayrūt ; French : Beyrouth ) is the capital and largest city of Lebanon . No recent population census has been conducted , but 2007 estimates ranged from slightly more than 1 million to 2.2 million as part of Greater Beirut , which makes it the third-largest city in the Levant region and the fifteenth-largest in the Arab world . Located on a peninsula at the midpoint of Lebanon 's Mediterranean coast , Beirut is an important regional seaport . It is one of the oldest cities in the world , having been inhabited by Amer for more than 5,000 years . The first historical mention of Beirut is found in the Amarna letters from the New Kingdom of Egypt , which date to the 15th century BC . Beirut is Lebanon 's seat of government and plays a central role in the Lebanese economy , with most banks and corporations based in its Central District , Badaro , Rue Verdun , Hamra , Ryad el Soloh street , and Achrafieh . Following the destructive Lebanese Civil War , Beirut 's cultural landscape underwent major reconstruction . Identified and graded for accountancy , advertising , banking , finance and law , Beirut is ranked as a Beta World City by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terengganu_FA", "text": "This club did not have much success in the 1970s with only a single appearance in the Malaysia Cup final , losing to Selangor 2-1 in a match played at the Merdeka Stadium . It was the same in the 1980s with another final appearance in 1982 , ironically also against Selangor . It was the same outcome with Selangor winning 1-0 after extra-time . [ citation needed ] When the Semi-Professional League was introduced in 1989 , Terengganu F.C . were in the second division based on their final position in the previous season . [ citation needed ] They recruited giant Dutch defender , Marlon Ricardo van der Sander and Singaporean duo , Ahmad Paijan and Norhalis Shafik to boost their squad and finished the season in a credible fourth place but ultimately failed to win promotion . [ citation needed ] In the 1990 season , they went all the way to emerge as the second division champion under the guidance of head coach , Abdullah Mohamad with German striker , Frank Pastor finding the back of the net on regular basis aided by midfield duo Martin Buisse and Ahmad Paijan . They lost only once in the league all season to finish three points clear of East Coast rival , Kelantan FA . [ citation needed ] In the 1992 season , Terengganu F.C . recorded their highest ever finish in the league when they finished as runner-up to Pahang FA . The Elephants broke The Turtles hearts again in the semi finals of the Malaysia Cup competition after the both sides failed to score in 180 minutes of play , the match went into sudden-death extra-time . Zulhamizan Zakaria found the net for Pahang FA and Terengganu F.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kedah", "text": "Kedah ( Malay pronunciation : [ kəˈdɑh ] ; Jawi : قدح ) , also known by its honorific Darul Aman or Abode of Safety , [ citation needed ] is a state of Malaysia , located in the northwestern part of Peninsular Malaysia . The state covers a total area of over 9,000 km² , and it consists of the mainland and the Langkawi islands . The mainland has a relatively flat terrain , which is used to grow rice , while Langkawi is an archipelago , most of which are uninhabited islands . Kedah was previously known as Kadaram ( Tamil : கடாரம் ; kadāram ) by the ancient and medieval Tamils , Kataha or Kalahbar ( Arabic : قتح ; qataḥa or Arabic : قلحبر ; qalaḥbar ) by the Arabs , [ citation needed ] and Syburi ( Thai : ไทรบุรี ; RTGS : Sai Buri ) by the Siamese when it was under their influence . To the north , Kedah borders the state of Perlis and shares an international boundary with the Songkhla and Yala provinces of Thailand . It borders the states of Perak to the south and Penang to the southwest . The state 's capital is Alor Setar and the royal seat is in Anak Bukit . Other major towns include Sungai Petani , and Kulim on the mainland , and Kuah on Langkawi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Medan", "text": "Medan ( Indonesian pronunciation : [ meˈdan ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Indonesian province of North Sumatra . A regional hub and financial centre of Sumatra , it is regarded as one of the four main central cities of Indonesia , alongside Jakarta , Surabaya , and Makassar . Medan has a population of over 2.2 million within its city limits , and over 3.4 million in its built-up urban area , making it the fourth largest urban area in Indonesia . The Medan metropolitan area - which includes neighbouring Binjai , Deli Serdang Regency , and a part of Karo Regency - is the largest metropolitan area outside of Java , with 4.6 million residents . Medan is a multicultural metropolis and a busy trading city bordered by the Strait of Malacca . A gateway to the western part of Indonesia , Medan is supported by the Port of Belawan and Kualanamu International Airport , both of which are connected to the city centre via toll road and railway . The city was founded by Guru Patimpus , a Karonese man who named a swampy land in confluence of Deli River and Babura river as Kampung Medan Putri . It later became a part of the Deli Sultanate which was established by Tuanku Gocah Pahlawan in 1632 . In the 18th century , its eighth king , Sultan Mahmud Al Rasyid Perkasa Alam , worked with Jacob Nienhuys , a Dutch tobacco merchant , who pioneered the opening of tobacco plantations in Medan . With the help from the 9th Sultanate Sultan Ma'mun Al Rasyid Perkasa Alam , and also the well-known Chinese businessmen Tjong Yong Hian and Tjong A Fie , the rapid development of the economy transformed Medan into a big trading center with the nickname het land dollar , aka the land of the money . The Deli Railway was established for shipping rubber , tea , timber , palm oil , and sugar industries from the city to the Port of Belawan . Medan was briefly the capital of the State of East Sumatra in 1947 , before it became the provincial capital of North Sumatra in mid-1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spearhead-class_joint_high_speed_vessel", "text": "The Spearhead-class expeditionary fast transport ( EPF ) is a United States Navy-led shipbuilding program to provide a platform intended to support users in the Department of the Navy and Department of the Army . The Expeditionary Fast Transport ( EPF ) program is a cooperative effort for a high-speed , shallow draft vessel intended for rapid intratheater transport of medium-sized cargo payloads . The EPF will reach speeds of 35-45 knots ( 65-83 km/h ; 40-52 mph ) and will allow for the rapid transit and deployment of conventional or special forces as well as equipment and supplies . The vessels are a part of Military Sealift Command 's Sealift Program . The class was previously designated as Joint High Speed Vessel ( JHSV ) , but was changed in September 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mauricie", "text": "Mauricie ( French pronunciation : ​ [ mɔʁisi ] ) is a traditional and current administrative region of Quebec . La Mauricie National Park is contained within the region , making it a prime tourist location . The region has a land area of 35,860.05 km² ( 13,845.64 sq mi ) and a population of 266,112 residents as of the 2016 Census . Its largest cities are Trois-Rivières and Shawinigan . The word Mauricie was coined by local priest and historian Albert Tessier and is based on the Saint-Maurice river which runs through the region on a North-South axis . Mauricie administrative region was created on August 20 , 1997 from the split of Mauricie-Bois-Francs administrative region into Mauricie and Centre-du-Québec . However , the concept of Mauricie as a traditional region long predates this ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Primero_de_Mayo_Department", "text": "Primero de Mayo is a south eastern department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 9,000 inhabitants in an area of 1,864 km² , and its capital city is Margarita Belén , which is located around 1,035 km from the Capital federal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2014", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2014 honoured Canadian music industry achievements in the latter part of 2012 and in most of 2013 . The awards were presented in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada during the weekend of 29-30 March 2014 . The main ceremony took place at the MTS Centre and was televised on CTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czech_Hydrometeorological_Institute", "text": "The Czech Hydrometeorological Institute ( CHMI ) ( Czech : Český hydrometeorologický ústav ( ČHMÚ ) ) is within the Environmental Ministry of the Czech Republic . The head office and centralized workplaces of the CHMI , including the data processing , telecommunication and technical services , are located at the Institute 's own campus in Prague ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warwick_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Warwick was a parliamentary borough consisting of the town of Warwick , within the larger Warwickshire constituency of England . It returned two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) to the House of Commons of England from 1295 to 1707 , to the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 , and then to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1885 [ citation needed ] . Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , the constituency was abolished for the 1885 general election , when it was largely replaced by the new single-member constituency of Warwick and Leamington ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_E._Handlen", "text": "Richard E. Dick Handlen ( March 25 , 1896 - June 1963 ) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer whom the March 15 , 1937 edition of the Los Angeles Times called one of the best trainers in America Early in his career , Richard Handlen worked for U.S . Racing Hall of Fame trainer Preston M. Burch while he was in charge of William du Pont , Jr. 's Foxcatcher Farm racing stable in the early 1930s . Handlen took over the Foxcatcher stable and began winning important races by 1935 . He would remain in that position through 1960 . In 1937 , Richard Handlen became the only trainer in history to win the two most prestigious races in California at Santa Anita Park when he won the Santa Anita Derby with Fairy Hill and the Santa Anita Handicap with Rosemont . Through 2009 , his record remains intact . The following year , Richard Handlen trained Dauber to a victory in the 1938 Preakness Stakes after finishing second in the Kentucky Derby . Dauber then went on to run second to Pasteurized in the Belmont Stakes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Chamanas", "text": "The Chamanas are a Mexican indie pop band . The band was started by Manuel Calderon , Mitre Luis , and Christina Gurrola . It later evolved to Hector Carreon , Paulina Reza , and Alejandro Bustillos . The group 's music has Central and South American influences . The band 's name combines English and Spanish terms , and refers to Shamanism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhumba", "text": "Rhumba , also known as ballroom rumba , is a genre of ballroom music and dance that appeared in the East Coast of the United States during the 1930s . It combined American big band music with Afro-Cuban rhythms , primarily the son cubano , but also conga and rumba . Although taking its name from the latter , ballroom rumba differs completely from Cuban rumba in both its music and its dance . Hence , authors prefer the Americanized spelling of the word ( rhumba ) to distinguish between them ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gok's_Fashion_Fix", "text": "Kwokhyn Wan MBE ( Chinese : 溫國興 ; Cantonese Jyutping : Wan1 gwok3 hing3 ; born 9 September 1974 ) , known as Gok Wan , is a British fashion consultant , author and television presenter . Initially training in the performing arts at the Central School of Speech and Drama , he then entered the fashion business , writing for popular fashion magazines and appearing on various television shows . In 2006 , Channel 4 employed him to present his own television show , How to Look Good Naked , which lasted for seven series . Moving into other genres , he presented a series of documentaries on social problems among young people , drawing on his personal battles with obesity and homophobia , and presented a Chinese cooking show entitled Gok Cooks Chinese ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil", "text": "Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uppland", "text": "Uppland ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈɵ̌pːland ] ( listen ) ) is a historical province or landskap on the eastern coast of Sweden , just north of Stockholm , the capital . It borders Södermanland , Västmanland and Gästrikland . It is also bounded by lake Mälaren and the Baltic sea . On the small uninhabited island of Märket in the Baltic , Uppland has a very short and unusually shaped land border with Åland , an autonomous province of Finland . The name literally means up land , a name which is commonly encountered in especially older English literature as Upland . Its Latinised form , which is occasionally used , is Uplandia . Uppland is famous for having the highest concentration of Runestones in the world , with as many as 1,196 inscriptions in stone left by the Vikings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Brands", "text": "Daniel Brands ( born 17 July 1987 ) is a German retired professional tennis player . His career-high singles ranking was world No . 51 , achieved in August 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirton,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Kirton , or Kirton in Holland , is an English village and civil parish within the Borough of Boston , in Lincolnshire . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 5,371 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nightwing", "text": "Nightwing is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . The character has appeared in various incarnations , with the Nightwing identity most prominently being adopted by Dick Grayson when he reinvented himself from his role as Batman 's vigilante partner Robin . Although Nightwing is commonly associated with Batman , the title and concept have origins in classic Superman stories . The original Nightwing in DC Comics was an identity assumed by alien superhero Superman when stranded on the Kryptonian city of Kandor with his friend Jimmy Olsen . Drawing inspiration from Batman and Robin , the two protect Kandor as the superheroes Nightwing and Flamebird . Following the Crisis on Infinite Earths continuity reboot in 1985 , Nightwing was re-imagined as a legendary vigilante from Krypton whose story inspires Dick Grayson 's choice of name when he leaves behind his Robin identity . Other stories set among the Batman family of characters have seen acquaintances and friends of Richard John Dick Grayson briefly assume the title , including his fellow Robin alumnus Jason Todd . Meanwhile , Superman stories have seen Superman 's adopted son Chris Kent and Power Girl take up the name for brief turns as Nightwing . Various other characters have taken the name in stories set outside DC 's main continuity as well , and at times the role has been unoccupied , such as when Dick Grayson operated as Batman and after faking his death . In 2013 , Nightwing placed 5th on IGN 's Top 25 Heroes of DC Comics and Grayson as Nightwing was ranked the # 1 Sexiest Male Character in Comics by ComicsAlliance in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Germans_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "St Germans was a rotten borough in Cornwall which returned two Members of Parliament to the House of Commons in the English and later British Parliament from 1562 to 1832 , when it was abolished by the Great Reform Act ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yattendon", "text": "Yattendon is a geographically small village and civil parish 7 miles ( 11 km ) northeast of Newbury , Berkshire . The M4 motorway passes through the fields of the village which lie 0.5 miles ( 800 m ) south and below the elevations of its cluster ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maritime_Mobile_Service_Identity", "text": "A Maritime Mobile Service Identity ( MMSI ) is a series of nine digits which are sent in digital form over a radio frequency channel in order to uniquely identify ship stations , ship earth stations , coast stations , coast earth stations , and group calls . These identities are formed in such a way that the identity or part thereof can be used by telephone and telex subscribers connected to the general telecommunications network to call ships automatically ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jet_ski_at_the_2010_Asian_Beach_Games", "text": "Jet ski at the 2010 Asian Beach Games was held from 14 December to 16 December 2010 in Muscat , Oman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Hungarian_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Hungarian Open was the first event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . It took place from 18-21 January in Budapest , Hungary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howard_McConnell", "text": "Howard McConnell ( January 27 , 1886 - October 9 , 1957 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada . He represented Saskatoon City in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1927 to 1934 as a Conservative . He was born in Springbrook , Ontario and taught school for a short time before joining his parents in Saskatoon in 1907 . McConnell continued his studies at the University of Saskatchewan and Osgoode Hall , was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1916 and practised law in Saskatoon . In 1929 , he was named King 's Counsel . McConnell was mayor of Saskatoon in 1922 and 1923 . He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1927 by-election . He served in the province 's Executive Council as Provincial Treasurer and Minister of Municipal Affairs . McConnell was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1934 and returned to his law practice . He served for 23 years in the senate for the University of Saskatchewan . He died in Saskatoon at the age of 71 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_Classic_(snooker)", "text": "The 1988 Mercantile Credit Classic was the ninth edition of the professional snooker tournament which took place from 1-10 January 1988 . The tournament was played at the Norbreck Castle Hotel , Blackpool , Lancashire . Steve Davis won his fifth Classic title , beating John Parrott 13-11 in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claude_Bernard_University_Lyon_1", "text": "Claude Bernard University Lyon 1 ( French : Université Claude-Bernard Lyon 1 , UCBL ) , is one of the three public universities of Lyon , France . It is named after the French physiologist Claude Bernard and specialises in science and technology , medicine , and sports science . It was established in 1971 by the merger of the faculté des sciences de Lyon with the faculté de médecine . The main administrative , teaching and research facilities are located in Villeurbanne , with other campuses located in Gerland , Rockefeller , and Laennec in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon . Attached to the University are the Hospices Civils de Lyon , including the Centre Hospitalier Lyon-Sud , which is the largest teaching hospital in the Rhône-Alpes region and the second-largest in France . [ citation needed ] Of the 2630 faculty , 700 are medical practitioners at local teaching hospitals . The university has been independent since January 2009 and has an annual budget of over €420 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kristianstads_DFF", "text": "Kristianstads DFF is a women 's association football club from Kristianstad , Sweden . The club is affiliated to the Skånes Fotbollförbund ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tongue_End", "text": "Tongue End is a small village in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated 4 miles ( 6 km ) east from Bourne and 6 miles ( 10 km ) south-west from Spalding , and alongside the Counter Drain that runs between Baston and Pode Hole . Tongue End comprises Victorian red-brick farmworkers ' cottages and early 20th-century former council houses . It once had a village school ( built in 1876 ) , and three public houses . The name is said to refer to the shape of the land between the rivers Glen and Bourne Eau . [ citation needed ] There is a location on the Stamford Canal which is similarly formed and has the same name . Tongue End falls within the drainage area of the Welland and Deepings Internal Drainage Board . Gilbert Heathcote 's tunnel drained into the Counter Drain nearby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Johnson_Racing", "text": "DJR Team Penske ( formerly Dick Johnson Racing ) is Australia 's oldest motor racing team competing in the Supercars Championship . Founded by Dick Johnson , the team 's drivers have won nine Australian Touring Car Championship titles ( five of them by Johnson himself ) and the team has taken five victories in Australia 's premier race , the Bathurst 1000 . The Gold Coast based team campaigns two Ford Mustang GTs in the Supercars Championship , one bearing Dick Johnson 's long standing racing number 17 . Fabian Coulthard and Scott McLaughlin are the team 's current drivers . The team has strongly identified itself with an image as 'battler ' Queenslanders , frequently racing with state maps on the car . The team was initially based out of Johnson 's family home in Daisy Hill in Brisbane 's southern suburbs , before moving to facilities within sponsor Palmer Tube Mills ' factory . In the late 1990s it relocated to a specialist workshop in Stapylton . In September 2014 it was announced that American motor racing team owner Roger Penske had taken a 51% shareholding interest in DJR , rebranding it as DJR Team Penske with former V8 Supercar champion and NASCAR regular Marcos Ambrose joining the team at the final event of the 2014 season ahead of a full 2015 program . It was the first time that Team Penske expanded its involvement to a non-US based championship since their days in Formula 1 . The team 's other car bears Penske 's traditional No . 12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biggest_Loser", "text": "The Biggest Loser is a reality television format which started with the American TV show The Biggest Loser in 2004 . The show centers on overweight and obese contestants attempting to lose the most weight ; the winner receives a cash prize . There are different variations of The Biggest Loser around the world . Each country has made its own adaptation of the show ; however , the contestants always have the same goal : to lose the highest percentage of weight ( or most weight ) to become the biggest loser . There is no minimum or maximum weight limit for the show but most males tend to weigh over or near 300 lb ( 136 kg ) . Females tend to weigh over or near 200 lb ( 91 kg ) . In addition to individual contestants , some seasons in some international adaptations have featured couples or even whole families ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berry_Islands", "text": "The Berry Islands are a chain of islands and a district of the Bahamas , covering about thirty square miles ( 78 km2 ) of the northwestern part of the Out Islands . The Berry Islands consist of about thirty islands and over one hundred small islands or cays , often referred to as The Fish Bowl of the Bahamas . They have a population of 807 ( 2010 census ) , most of whom are on Great Harbour Cay . The islands were settled in 1836 by Governor William Colebrooke with a group of freed slaves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swingbrow", "text": "Swingbrow ( sometimes written Swing Brow ) is a hamlet near to Chatteris , Cambridgeshire lying alongside the Forty Foot Drain built by Vermuyden . A Neolithic ( 4000 BC to 2201 BC ) perforated object was discovered on the site , but the current buildings on the site are largely modern . The hamlet formerly had a pub , the Ram Inn , which is now a residence , and a saddlery , now demolished . No official signs denote the hamlet because it is not safe to install these on the banks of the drain . The hamlet comprises two roads ( droves ) ; First Drove and Second Drove ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Van_Dyke", "text": "Bruce Van Dyke ( born August 6 , 1944 ) is a former American football guard who played eleven seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Philadelphia Eagles , Pittsburgh Steelers , and the Green Bay Packers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Branch_Avenue_station", "text": "Branch Avenue is an island-platformed Washington Metro station in Suitland , Maryland , United States . The station was opened on January 13 , 2001 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . The station presently serves as the southeastern terminus for the Green Line , with the Branch Avenue rail yard lying just beyond this station . The station is located near the intersection of Auth Road and Old Soper Road . Constructed adjacent to the station is a 37-acre ( 15 ha ) rail yard with the capacity to store 116 cars . This is also the station closest to Andrews Air Force Base ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wolfgang_Pass", "text": "Wolfgang Pass ( 1,632 m ( 5,354 ft ) ) is a high mountain pass in the eastern Swiss Alps in the canton of Grisons in Switzerland . It connects Klosters and Davos with Davos being almost level with the pass . The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent and is kept open year-round . A line of the Rhaetian Railway also crosses the pass since 1890 . The pass is comparatively low as a mountain pass and was historically used also for international trade via the southern adjacent Scaletta Pass and later via the newly built road across Flüela Pass from 1868 . This road is still closed nowadays in winter and motorists are forced to use the Car shuttle train through the Vereina Tunnel ( or drive a long detour via Julier pass ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlton_Athletic_F.C._Reserves", "text": "The Charlton Athletic Academy refers to the teams and players in the youth system of English professional football club Charlton Athletic F.C . ; they play the majority of their home games at the club 's training ground in New Eltham , London . The Under-23 Development side consists mainly of Charlton 's academy players who are aiming to break into the first team squad and in the near future , while senior players occasionally play when returning from injury . The current senior professional development coach for the under-21 squad is Nathan Jones . They compete in the Professional Development League , League 2 ; the club 's Under-18 team plays in the same category of the lower age group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Activision", "text": "Activision Publishing , Inc. is an American video game publisher based in Santa Monica , California . It currently serves as the publishing business for its parent company , Activision Blizzard , and consists of several subsidiary studios . Activision is one of the largest third-party video game publishers in the world and was the top United States publisher in 2016 . The company was founded as Activision , Inc. in October 1979 in Sunnyvale , California , by former Atari game developers , upset at how they were treated at Atari , to develop their own games for the popular Atari 2600 home video game console . Activision was the first independent , third-party , console video game developer . The 1983 video game crash , in part created by too many new companies trying to follow in Activision 's footsteps without the expertise of Activision 's founders , hurt Activision 's position in console games , forcing them to diversify into games for home computers , including the acquisition of Infocom . After a management shift , with CEO Jim Levy replaced by Bruce Davis , the company renamed itself as Mediagenic and branched out into business software applications . Mediagenic quickly fell into debt , and the company was bought for around US $ 500,000 by Bobby Kotick and a small group of investors around 1991 . Kotick instituted a full rework of the company to cover its debts : dismissing most of its staff , moving the company to Los Angeles , and reverting to the Activision name . Building on existing assets , the Kotick-led Activision pursued more publishing opportunities and , after recovering from the former debt , started acquiring numerous studios and intellectual properties over the 1990s and 2000s , among these being the Call of Duty and Guitar Hero series . A holding company was formed as Activision 's parent company to manage the internal and acquired studios . In 2008 , this holding merged with Vivendi Games ( the parent company of Blizzard Entertainment ) and formed Activision Blizzard , with Kotick as its CEO ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moulay_Hassan,_Crown_Prince_of_Morocco", "text": "Prince Moulay Hassan ( born 8 May 2003 ) is the heir apparent to the Moroccan throne . He is the elder child of King Mohammed VI of Morocco and his wife Princess Lalla Salma . He has a younger sister , Princess Lalla Khadija . He is named after his grandfather Hassan II ; when he ascends the throne , he is expected to reign as Hassan III . In 2015 Hassan began appearing in public with his father at official engagements ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S4C", "text": "S4C ( Welsh pronunciation : [ ˌɛs ˌpɛdwar ˈɛk ] , from the Welsh Sianel Pedwar Cymru , meaning Channel Four Wales ) is a Welsh-language free-to-air television channel . The first television channel to be aimed specifically at a Welsh-speaking audience , S4C is the fourth-oldest television channel in the United Kingdom after BBC One , ITV and BBC Two . As of 2017-2018 , S4C had an average of 131 employees . S4C 's headquarters is based in Carmarthen , at the University of Wales Trinity Saint Davids creative and digital centre , Yr Egin . It also has regional offices in Caernarfon and Cardiff . When first established , the channel - initially broadcast on analogue television - was bilingual ( Welsh and English ) outside peak hours , with English-language content consisting of the simultaneous or deferred transmission of programmes from Channel 4 ( analogue reception of which was unavailable in most of Wales ) . When digital terrestrial television arrived several years later , S4C added a second , full-time Welsh-language channel called S4C Digidol ( digital ) on 1 November 1998 . With the completion of the digital switchover in Wales on 31 March 2010 which made English-language Channel 4 available across Wales as S4C 's bilingual analogue channel closed , and what had been S4C Digidol became the default S4C channel , available on Freeview and pay television , and broadcasting entirely in Welsh . S4C does not commission programming in English , but when English is used on the channel it is left untranslated . Moreover , the channel includes an English subtitle track available for some programmes , which can be accessed using their television set 's remote control ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Launceston_Football_Club", "text": "The South Launceston Football Club is an Australian rules football club currently competing in the Northern Tasmanian Football Association . They were formed through a merger between City-South and East Launceston in 1986 , clubs in the former Northern Tasmanian Football Association ( which is not related to the current NTFA ) . South Launceston was in the TFL Statewide League from 1986 to 1997 , then the Northern Tasmanian Football League until 2008 , then in the Tasmanian Football League until 2013 . The club is nicknamed The Bulldogs , a name which was adopted upon the merger . City-South were the Redlegs and East Launceston had been known as the Demons . For their club colours they took City-South 's red and white as well as the blue from East Launceston 's guernsey to give them their current royal blue , red and white club colours ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Townsend,_Delaware", "text": "Townsend is a town in New Castle County , Delaware , United States . The population was 2,049 at the 2010 census , an increase of 492.2% from 2000 . The center of population of Delaware is located in Townsend ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howard_Lane", "text": "Howard Lane ( 1922-1988 ) was an American architect based in Los Angeles , California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weightlifting_at_the_1984_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_60_kg", "text": "The Men 's Featherweight Weightlifting Event ( -60 kg ) was the third lightest event at the weightlifting competition . Each weightlifter had three attempts for both the snatch and clean and jerk lifting methods . The total of the best successful lift of each method was used to determine the final rankings and medal winners . Competition took place on 31 July in the 4,500 capacity Albert Gersten Pavilion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rolling_Blackouts_Coastal_Fever", "text": "Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever , also sometimes known as Rolling Blackouts C.F. , is an Australian indie rock band . It was formed in Melbourne in 2013 by three singer-guitarists : Fran Keaney , Tom Russo & Joe White . Their debut EP , Talk Tight , was released in 2016 on Ivy League Records . It was followed by their second EP , the French Press , which was mixed by Doug Boehm and released in 2017 on Sub Pop Records . They performed at the St Jerome 's Laneway Festival on 29 January 2018 , and their debut full-length album , Hope Downs , was released on 15 June 2018 on Sub Pop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tanjong_Pagar_United", "text": "Tanjong Pagar United Football Club is a football club in Singapore that competes in the Singapore Premier League . The men 's team of the club took part in Singapore 's professional S.League from 1996 to 2004 , and from 2011 to 2014 . The club withdrew from the S.League after the 2004 season because of financial problems but returned to the S.League in 2011 . They withdrew from the S.League for the same reason again for the 2015 season . The club also , as of 2019 , participates in the amateur Singapore 's Women National League , the second tier of Singapore women 's league . They have , also , once again , returned to the Singapore Premier League in 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solehin_Kanasian_Abdullah", "text": "Solehin Kanasian Abdullah ( born 20 January 1983 ) also known as K.Soley is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a right midfielder for PBMS F.C . Previously , he had played for Kelantan FA for a season and also be the parts of the team be the champion of Malaysia Super League on season 2011 for the first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Bearpark", "text": "Robert Bearpark ( March 15 , 1943 - November 18 , 1996 ) was a Canadian soccer head coach . Born in Berwick-upon-Tweed , England , Bearpark played soccer as a youth for Bristol City and Bath . He moved to Canada when he was 32 and enrolled as a graduate student in physical education at the University of Western Ontario . He then became assistant professor and soccer coach at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario . Bearpark served three years as technical director for the Ontario Soccer Association and then joined the Canadian Soccer Association , where he coached the national team to a fourth-place finish at the 1984 Great Wall of China Tournament , and led the team in qualifying for the 1984 Summer Olympics . In 1986 , he was assistant to Tony Waiters at the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico and coached the national youth team at the FIFA World Youth Championship in the Soviet Union . He became head coach of Canada 's national team after the World Cup and held the job through 1987 . In 1989 Bearpark quit his job with the CSA after refusing a transfer from Hamilton to the head office in Ottawa . He moved to British Columbia , where he served six years as director of sports services for the B.C . government . He died in Victoria , British Columbia at the age of 53 . Bearpark was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame in 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howard_Morris", "text": "Howard Jerome Morris ( September 4 , 1919 - May 21 , 2005 ) was an American actor , voice actor and director who was best known for his role in The Andy Griffith Show as Ernest T. Bass , and as Uncle Goopy on Sid Caesar 's Your Show of Shows ( 1954 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahar_Regiment", "text": "The Mahar Regiment is an infantry regiment of the Indian Army . Although it was originally intended to be a regiment consisting of troops from the Mahar community of Maharashtra , the Mahar Regiment is one of the only regiments in the Indian Army that is composed of troops from all communities and regions of India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics_–_Men's_sprint", "text": "The men 's sprint competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler , British Columbia on February 14 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anna_Trebunskaya", "text": "Anna Trebunskaya ( Russian : Анна Требунская ; born 28 December 1980 ) is a Russian born American professional ballroom and Latin dancer , known for her appearances on Dancing with the Stars . She now lives in Los Angeles and dances in the International Latin style ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minsk", "text": "Minsk ( Belarusian : Мінск , pronounced [ mʲinsk ] , traditionally Belarusian : Менск , [ mʲensk ] ; Russian : Минск , Polish : Mińsk ) is the capital and largest city of Belarus , situated on the Svislač and the Nyamiha Rivers . As the capital , Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of Minsk Region ( voblasć ) and Minsk District ( rajon ) . The population in January 2018 was 1,982,444 , ( not including suburbs ) making Minsk the 11th most populous city in Europe . Minsk is the administrative capital of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) and seat of its Executive Secretary . The earliest historical references to Minsk date to the 11th century ( 1067 ) , when it was noted as a provincial city within the Principality of Polotsk . The settlement developed on the rivers . In 1242 , Minsk became part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania . It received town privileges in 1499 . From 1569 , it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodeship , in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth . It was part of a region annexed by the Russian Empire in 1793 , as a consequence of the Second Partition of Poland . From 1919 to 1991 , after the Russian Revolution , Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic , in the Soviet Union . In June 2019 , Minsk hosted the 2019 European Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/André_Obey", "text": "André Obey ( French : [ ɔbɛ ] ; 8 May 1892 at Douai , France - 11 April 1975 at Montsoreau , near the Loire River ) was a prominent French playwright during the inter-war years , and into the 1950s . He began as a novelist and produced an autobiographical novel about his adolescence le Joueur de triangle ( The Triangle Player ) . After his meeting with Jacques Copeau , he devoted himself completely to dramatic works . In 1945 Obey became provisional general administrator of the Comédie-Française . He was made full general administrator in 1946 , and resigned in 1947 after just under a year 's service . Obey 's play Le Viol de Lucrèce was drawn on by Ronald Duncan for the libretto of Benjamin Britten 's opera The Rape of Lucretia . Obey served as general administrator of the Comédie-Française , in a provisional capacity from October 1945 until 6 April 1946 , then with full powers until his resignation on 5 February 1947 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Augsburg", "text": "Fußball-Club Augsburg 1907 e. V. , commonly known as FC Augsburg ( German pronunciation : [ ʔɛf t͡seː ˈʔaʊ̯ksbʊʁk ] ) or Augsburg , is a German football club based in Augsburg , Bavaria . FC Augsburg play in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system . The team was founded as Fußball-Klub Alemania Augsburg in 1907 and played as BC Augsburg from 1921 to 1969 . With over 17,400 members , it is the largest football club in Swabian Bavaria . FC Augsburg , which has long fluctuated between the second and third division , experienced a difficult time in the early 2000s , suffering relegation to the fourth division for two seasons . FCA recovered from this , returning to professional football in 2006 . At the end of the 2010-11 season , Augsburg were promoted to the Bundesliga for the first time . Since 2009 , FC Augsburg 's stadium has been the WWK ARENA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Euro", "text": "The euro ( sign : € ; code : EUR ) is the official currency of 19 of the 27 member states of the European Union . This group of states is known as the eurozone or euro area , and counts about 343 million citizens as of 2019 [ update ] . The euro , which is divided into 100 cents , is the second-largest and second-most traded currency in the foreign exchange market after the United States dollar . The currency is also used officially by the institutions of the European Union , by four European microstates that are not EU members , as well as unilaterally by Montenegro and Kosovo . Outside Europe , a number of special territories of EU members also use the euro as their currency . Additionally , over 200 million people worldwide use currencies pegged to the euro . The euro is the second-largest reserve currency as well as the second-most traded currency in the world after the United States dollar . As of December 2019 [ update ] , with more than €1.3 trillion in circulation , the euro has one of the highest combined values of banknotes and coins in circulation in the world . The name euro was officially adopted on 16 December 1995 in Madrid . The euro was introduced to world financial markets as an accounting currency on 1 January 1999 , replacing the former European Currency Unit ( ECU ) at a ratio of 1:1 ( US $ 1.1743 ) . Physical euro coins and banknotes entered into circulation on 1 January 2002 , making it the day-to-day operating currency of its original members , and by March 2002 it had completely replaced the former currencies . While the euro dropped subsequently to US $ 0.83 within two years ( 26 October 2000 ) , it has traded above the U.S. dollar since the end of 2002 , peaking at US $ 1.60 on 18 July 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beaconsfield,_Quebec", "text": "Beaconsfield is a suburb on the Island of Montreal , Quebec , Canada . Incorporated in 1910 , named in honour of Benjamin Disraeli , Earl of Beaconsfield , Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and close confidant of Queen Victoria , the city 's historical roots go back as far as 1698 . It is part of the Greater Montreal region locally referred to as the West Island . It is a prestigious residential community located on the north shore of Lac Saint-Louis , bordered on the west by Baie-D'Urfé , north by Kirkland and east by Pointe-Claire . Beaconsfield , in its current form , was developed as a cottage community by affluent Montreal residents . Over the decades , the city has transformed from summer homes , to year-round residents , and has flourished . The population of Beaconsfield , as of the Canada 2016 Census , is 19,324 . While the population is predominantly anglophone , 77% of residents speak both official languages of Canada . Most residents live in single-family homes , though there are residents of townhouses and apartment buildings . As part of the 2002-2006 municipal reorganization of Montreal Beaconsfield and neighbouring Baie-D'Urfé became the borough of Beaconsfield-Baie-D'Urfé and were merged into the city of Montreal . After a change of government , and the 2004 referendum , both Baie-D'Urfé and Beaconsfield voted to de-merge from Montreal . On January 1 , 2006 , they were reconstituted as independent cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anurag_Singh_(director)", "text": "Anurag Singh is an Indian film director . He is a Mumbai-based film director and writer known for Kesari which is the biggest blockbuster of 2019 in the Bollywood industry as well as for Punjab 1984 , Jatt and Juliet Series and Yaar Annmulle . Jatt and Juliet series and Punjab 1984 are the top 3 highest grossers of Punjabi Cinema . He has also directed a Bollywood film Raqeeb which did n't do well at the box office . In 2005 , he was married to his childhood sweetheart Madhurjeet Sarghi , a theatre artist and an actress who also hails from Jalandhar . In 2016 Anurag and Sarghi were blessed with a baby boy named Shivaye Anurag Singh . Anurag has an elder brother named Armaan Singh who is a well known chief engineer in California , United States . Anurag gets to interact a lot with kids especially his nephews and nieces who live in Jalandhar . Anurag is likely to produce Shadaa which is releasing on 21 June 2019 and Puaada in 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paso_Doble", "text": "Pasodoble ( Spanish : double step ) is a fast-paced Spanish military march used by infantry troops . Its speed allowed troops to give 120 steps per minute ( double the average of a regular unit , hence its name ) . This march gave rise to a traditional Spanish dance , a musical genre including both voice and instruments , and a genre of instrumental music often played during bullfight . Both the dance and the non martial compositions are also called pasodoble ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Temptations", "text": "The Temptations are an American vocal group who released a series of successful singles and albums with Motown Records during the 1960s and 1970s . The group 's work with producer Norman Whitfield , beginning with the Top 10 hit single Cloud Nine in October 1968 , pioneered psychedelic soul , and was significant in the evolution of R & B and soul music . The band members are known for their choreography , distinct harmonies , and dress style . Having sold tens of millions of albums , the Temptations are among the most successful groups in popular music . Featuring five male vocalists and dancers ( save for brief periods with fewer or more members ) , the group formed in 1960 in Detroit , Michigan under the name The Elgins . The founding members came from two rival Detroit vocal groups : Otis Williams , Elbridge Al Bryant , and Melvin Franklin of Otis Williams & the Distants , and Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams of the Primes . In 1964 , Bryant was replaced by David Ruffin , who was the lead vocalist on a number of the group 's biggest hits , including My Girl ( 1964 ) , Ai n't Too Proud to Beg ( 1966 ) , and I Wish It Would Rain ( 1967 ) . Ruffin was replaced in 1968 by Dennis Edwards , with whom the group continued to record hit records such as Cloud Nine ( 1969 ) and Ball of Confusion ( That 's What the World Is Today ) ( 1970 ) . The group 's lineup has changed frequently since the departures of Kendricks and Paul Williams from the act in 1971 . Later members of the group have included singers such as Richard Street , Damon Harris , Ron Tyson , and Ali-Ollie Woodson , with whom the group scored a late-period hit in 1984 with Treat Her Like a Lady . Over the course of their career , the Temptations released four Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles and fourteen R & B number-one singles . Their music has earned three Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potteries_Museum_&_Art_Gallery", "text": "The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery is in Bethesda Street , Hanley , one of the six towns of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire . Admission is free . One of the four local authority museums in the City , the other three being Gladstone Pottery Museum , Ford Green Hall and Etruria Industrial Museum , The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery houses collections that bring together the identities that went into forming the area known as the Potteries . The museum holds a collection of Staffordshire ceramics . All the collections at this museum are categorized as Designated Collections . Galleries display fine and decorative arts , costume , local history , archaeology and natural science collections . There is a second world war aircraft on permanent display , a Supermarine Spitfire whose earlier Marks were designed by R. J. Mitchell who came from nearby Butt Lane . Since February 2010 , The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery has been the home of a number of artifacts from the Staffordshire Hoard . 52,500 visitors viewed 118 items at the Potteries Museum during a 23-day exhibition in February 2010 . Since Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery and Stoke-on-Trent Museums have purchased the Hoard , items have been on permanent display at both venues . Over 80 pieces can be seen in The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery 's archaeology gallery . [ citation needed ] Redevelopment of the Saxon part to this gallery in the latter half of 2010 has set the Hoard within a more tangible context , using existing pieces from the museum 's collection of Staffordshire archaeology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BBC_One_Wales", "text": "BBC One Wales is a television channel operated by BBC Cymru Wales . It is the Welsh variation of the UK-wide BBC One and is broadcast in Wales from Broadcasting House in Cardiff . BBC One Wales broadcasts around three hours of non-news programmes for Wales each week alongside six hours a week of national news for Wales from Wales Today ."}
{"title": "/wiki/6LACK", "text": "Ricardo Valdez Valentine ( born June 24 , 1992 ) , better known by his stage name 6lack ( stylized as 6LACK ; pronounced Black ) , is an American singer , rapper and songwriter from Atlanta , Georgia . He initially gained notable recognition following the release of his single , Prblms , taken from his debut album , Free 6lack , which was released in November 2016 . He released his second album , East Atlanta Love Letter in September 2018 , which peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 chart . 6lack is currently signed to LoveRenaissance and Interscope Records . He is also a member of the Atlanta-Baltimore music collective Spillage Village , founded by EarthGang and JID ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southwest_Conference", "text": "The Southwest Conference ( SWC ) was an NCAA Division I college athletic conference in the United States that existed from 1914 to 1996 . Composed primarily of schools from Texas , at various times the conference included schools from Oklahoma and Arkansas as well , but not from the actual Southwestern United States . For most of its history , the core members of the conference were Texas-based schools plus one in Arkansas : Rice University , Southern Methodist University , Texas A & M University , Texas Christian University , Baylor University , the University of Arkansas , and the University of Texas . After a long period of stability , the conference 's overall athletic prowess began to decline throughout the 1980s , due in part to numerous member schools violating NCAA recruiting rules , culminating in the suspension of the entire SMU football program ( death penalty ) for the 1987 and 1988 seasons . Arkansas , after years of feeling like an outsider in the conference , left after the 1990-91 school year to join the Southeastern Conference , although they did compete in the SWC in football for the 1991 season . Five years later , the conference precipitously broke up as Baylor , Texas , Texas A & M , and Texas Tech ( which had entered in 1956 ) combined with the members of the former Big Eight Conference to form a new league , the Big 12 Conference , while Rice , SMU , TCU , and Houston ( which entered the SWC in 1976 ) found homes in less prominent conferences ( although TCU later joined the Big 12 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flash_Forward", "text": "Flash Forward is a Disney Channel Original Series produced in Canada for preteens and teenagers which was originally previewed on both Disney Channel and ABC from 1995 to 1996 with its main run starting from 1997 to 1999 . The series first aired as a 4-episode limited-run preview on The Disney Channel from December 14 , 1995 to January 6 , 1996 . Starting on September 14 , 1996 , the series aired as a special nationwide preview-run on ABC 's Saturday morning lineup . On January 1 , 1997 , the series premiered on The Disney Channel with a special New Year 's Day 5-hour , 10-episode marathon , and on January 5 , the series moved to its regular time slot on Saturdays and Sundays . The show focuses on the lives of two best friends and neighbors since birth , Tucker and Rebecca , and their respective adventures as they travel through the world of eighth grade with their other best friends , Christine and Miles . The show was produced by Atlantis Films in association with Disney Channel and Buena Vista International , Inc . Flash Forward is best known for being the first series branded under the Disney Channel Original Series label . A third season was originally renewed , but it strangely never happened ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gary,_Indiana", "text": "Gary is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States , 25 miles ( 40 km ) from downtown Chicago , Illinois . Gary is adjacent to the Indiana Dunes National Park and borders southern Lake Michigan . Gary was named after lawyer Elbert Henry Gary , who was the founding chairman of the United States Steel Corporation . The city is known for its large steel mills , and as the birthplace of the Jackson 5 music group . Once the second largest city in Indiana , the population of Gary was 80,294 at the 2010 census , making it the ninth-largest city in the state of Indiana . It was a prosperous city from the 1920s through the mid-1960s due to its booming steel industry , but overseas competition and restructuring of the steel industry resulted in a decline and a severe loss of jobs . Since the late 1960s , Gary has suffered drastic population loss , falling by 55 percent from its peak of 178,320 in 1960 . The city faces the difficulties of many Rust Belt cities , including unemployment , decaying infrastructure , and low literacy and educational attainment levels . It is estimated that nearly one-third of all houses in the city are unoccupied or abandoned ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Alan_Parsons_Project", "text": "The Alan Parsons Project were a British rock band active between 1975 and 1990 , whose core membership consisted of Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson . They were accompanied by a varying number of session musicians and some relatively consistent band members such as guitarist Ian Bairnson , arranger Andrew Powell , bassist and vocalist David Paton , drummer Stuart Elliott , and vocalists Lenny Zakatek and Chris Rainbow . Parsons was an audio engineer and producer by profession , but also a musician and a composer . A songwriter by profession , Woolfson was also a composer , a pianist , and a singer . Almost all the songs on the Project 's albums are credited to Woolfson/Parsons . The Alan Parsons Project released eleven studio albums in its 15-year career ( the twelfth , The Sicilian Defence - which was originally recorded in 1979 - was released in 2014 ) , including the successful I Robot and Eye in the Sky . Some of their most notable songs are The Raven , ( The System of ) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether , I Would n't Want to Be Like You , Games People Play , Time , Snake Eyes , Sirius/Eye in the Sky , Old and Wise and Do n't Answer Me ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thailand", "text": "Thailand , [ a ] officially the Kingdom of Thailand and formerly known as Siam , [ b ] is a country at the centre of the Southeast Asian Indochinese Peninsula composed of 76 provinces . At 513,120 km2 ( 198,120 sq mi ) and over 68 million people , Thailand is the world 's 50th-largest country by total area and the 21st-most-populous country . The capital and largest city is Bangkok , a special administrative area . Thailand is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos , to the east by Laos and Cambodia , to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia , and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Myanmar . Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast , and Indonesia and India on the Andaman Sea to the southwest . It is a unitary state . Although nominally the country is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy , the most recent coup , in 2014 , established a de facto military dictatorship under a junta . Tai peoples migrated from southwestern China to mainland Southeast Asia from the 11th century ; the oldest known mention of their presence in the region by the exonym Siamese dates to the 12th century . Various Indianised kingdoms such as the Mon kingdoms , Khmer Empire and Malay states ruled the region , competing with Thai states such as the Kingdoms of Ngoenyang , Sukhothai , Lan Na and Ayutthaya , which rivaled each other . Documented European contact began in 1511 with a Portuguese diplomatic mission to Ayutthaya , now one of the great powers in the region . Ayutthaya reached its peak during cosmopolitan Narai 's reign ( 1656-1688 ) , gradually declining thereafter until being ultimately destroyed in the 1767 Burmese-Siamese War . Taksin ( r. 1767-1782 ) quickly reunified the fragmented territory and established the short-lived Thonburi Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1876_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "After a tumultuous five-year existence , the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players ( NA ) folded following the 1875 season . The National League of Professional Base Ball Clubs ( NL ) was formed in Chicago , Illinois by businessman , and owner of the Chicago White Stockings ( now known as , the Chicago Cubs ) , William Hulbert , for the purpose of replacing the NA , which he believed to have been corrupt , mismanaged , full of rowdy , drunken ballplayers , and under the influence of the gambling community . One of the new rules put into place by the new league was that all teams had to be located in cities that had a population of 75,000 or more . The initial NL season began with eight teams , and they were asked to play seventy games between April 22 and October 21 . The NL is considered to be the first major league , although it has been argued that the NA can make that claim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ames_Laboratory", "text": "Ames Laboratory is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Ames , Iowa and affiliated with Iowa State University . This is a top level national laboratory for new research in various domains concerning national security and resource management . The Laboratory conducts research into various areas of national concern , including the synthesis and study of new materials , energy resources , high-speed computer design , and environmental cleanup and restoration . It is located on the campus of Iowa State University . In January 2013 the Department of Energy announced the establishment of the Critical Materials Institute ( CMI ) at Ames Laboratory , with a mission to develop solutions to the domestic shortages of rare-earth metals and other materials critical for U.S. energy security ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana", "text": "Baton Rouge ( /ˌbætən ˈruːʒ/ BAT-ən ROOZH ; from French , meaning 'red stick ' ) is the capital of the U.S. state of Louisiana . Located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River , it is the parish seat of East Baton Rouge Parish , the most populous parish in Louisiana . It is the 99th most populous city in the United States , and second-largest city in Louisiana after New Orleans . It is also the 16th most populous state capital . As of the U.S. Census Bureau 's July 2018 estimate , Baton Rouge had a population of 221,599 , down from 229,493 at the 2010 census . Baton Rouge is the center of Greater Baton Rouge , the second-largest metropolitan area in Louisiana , with a population of 834,159 as of 2017 , up from 802,484 in 2010 and 829,719 in 2015 . The city of Baton Rouge is a major industrial , petrochemical , medical , research , motion picture , and growing technology center of the American South . It is the location of Louisiana State University , the LSU System 's flagship university and the largest institution of higher education in the state . It is also the location of Southern University , the flagship institution of the Southern University System , the only historically black college system in the nation . The Port of Greater Baton Rouge is the 10th-largest in the United States in terms of tonnage shipped , and is the farthest upstream Mississippi River port capable of handling Panamax ships . This , as well as its status as a major port city , is largely due to the Huey P. Long - O.K . Allen Bridge , which was intentionally constructed under the governorship of Huey Long at a low height , preventing big tankers from making their way up-river , past Baton Rouge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vernal_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Vernal Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Lucedale , Mississippi . It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Batterstown", "text": "Batterstown ( Irish : Baile an Bhóthair , meaning town of the road ) is a small rural village in the townland of Rathregan ( Ráth Riagáin ) , County Meath , Ireland . It is about 23 km ( 14 mi ) northwest of Dublin , on the R154 regional road . It hosts a yearly cycling race . There are approximately forty houses in Batterstown . The population of Batterstown is approximately 150 people . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Stein", "text": "William Allen Stein ( born January 21 , 1947 ) is an American retired professional baseball player and manager . His playing career spanned 17 seasons , 14 of which were spent in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) with the St. Louis Cardinals ( 1972-73 ) , the Chicago White Sox ( 1974-76 ) , the Seattle Mariners ( 1977-1980 ) , and the Texas Rangers ( 1981-85 ) . Over his career in the majors Stein batted .267 with 122 doubles , 18 triples , 44 home runs , and 311 runs batted in ( RBIs ) in 959 games played . Stein played numerous fielding positions over his major league career , including third base , second base , first base , left field , right field , and shortstop . He also spent significant time as a pinch hitter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Limerick_F.C.", "text": "Limerick Football Club ( Irish : Club Peile Luimnigh ) was an association football club based in Limerick , Ireland who played in the League of Ireland . In 2019 they were forced to pull out of the League due to financial problems . The first Limerick Football Club was founded in 1937 and has had a number of guises through its history , known at different times as Limerick , Limerick United , Limerick City and Limerick 37 . Each manifestation of the club has been the sole representative of senior football in Limerick city since 1937 . Limerick won the League of Ireland title twice , in the 1959-60 and 1979-80 seasons , and the FAI Cup twice , in 1971 and 1982 . They also won the League of Ireland Cup three times , 1975-76 , 1992-93 and 2001-02 . The club has competed in European competitions on six occasions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Northamptonshire", "text": "East Northamptonshire ( officially The District of East Northamptonshire ) is a local government district in Northamptonshire , England . Its council is based in Thrapston and Rushden . Other towns include Oundle , Raunds , Irthlingborough and Higham Ferrers . The town of Rushden is the largest settlement in the district and the smallest settlement is the hamlet of Shotley . The population of the District Council at the 2011 Census was 86,765 . The district borders onto the Borough of Corby , the Borough of Kettering , the Borough of Wellingborough , the Borough of Bedford , the City of Peterborough , the District of Huntingdonshire , South Kesteven District and the unitary authority county of Rutland . The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , by a merger of the municipal borough of Higham Ferrers , with the urban districts of Irthlingborough , Oundle , Raunds and Rushden , along with Oundle and Thrapston Rural District , and Newton Bromswold from Wellingborough Rural District . Much of the district is home to Rockingham Forest , once a Royal hunting forest which takes its name from the village of Rockingham where William I built a castle . The district is home to several of Northamptonshire 's airfields including Spanhoe , King 's Cliffe , Deenethorpe , Polebrook , Chelveston and Lyveden . In March 2018 , an independent report commissioned by the Secretary of State for Housing , Communities and Local Government , proposed structural changes to local government in Northamptonshire . These changes would see the existing county council and district councils abolished and two new unitary authorities created in their place . One authority would consist of the existing districts of Daventry , Northampton and South Northamptonshire and the other authority would consist of Corby , East Northamptonshire , Kettering and Wellingborough districts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laverne_Parrish", "text": "Laverne Parrish ( July 16 , 1918 - January 24 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration - the Medal of Honor - for his actions in World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajendrasinhji_Jadeja", "text": "General Maharaj Shri Rajendrasinhji Jadeja , DSO ( 15 June 1899 - 1 January 1964 ) , also known as K.S . Rajendrasinhji , was the first Chief of Army Staff of the Indian army , and the second Indian , after Field Marshal K. M. Cariappa , to become Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishkek", "text": "Bishkek ( Kyrgyz : Бишке́к , بىشکەک ; IPA : [ biʃˈkek ] ; Russian : Бишке́к , tr . Biškék , IPA : [ bʲɪˈʂkʲek ] ) , formerly Pishpek and Frunze , is the capital and largest city of Kyrgyzstan ( Kyrgyz Republic ) . Bishkek is also the most commonly administrative centre of the Chuy Region . The province surrounds the city , although the city itself is not part of the province , but rather a province-level unit of Kyrgyzstan . In 1825 Khokand authorities established the fortress of Pishpek to control local caravan routes and to collect tribute from Kyrgyz tribes . On 4 September 1860 , with the approval of the Kyrgyz , Russian forces led by Colonel Apollon Zimmermann destroyed the fortress . In 1868 a Russian settlement was established on the site of the fortress under its original name , Pishpek . It lay within the General Governorship of Russian Turkestan and its Semirechye Oblast . In 1925 the Kara-Kirghiz Autonomous Oblast was established in Russian Turkestan , promoting Pishpek to its capital . In 1926 the Communist Party of the Soviet Union renamed the city as Frunze , after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze ( 1885-1925 ) , who was born there . In 1936 , the city of Frunze became the capital of the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic , during the final stages of the national delimitation in the Soviet Union . In 1991 the Kyrgyz parliament changed the capital 's name to Bishkek ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philip_Ellis", "text": "Philip Constable Ellis ( 1822 - 10 May 1900 ) was a Welsh Anglican priest in the Anglo-Catholic tradition and one of the earliest Tractarians in north Wales . Ellis studied at Beaumaris Grammar School and Jesus College , Oxford , where he matriculated at the age of 18 in 1840 . He graduated in 1843 or 1844 , coming under the influence of the Tractarian movement whilst at Oxford . He did much to promote Anglo-Catholicism after his ordination in 1846 , refusing to deal with non-conformists , holding daily services and making changes to church ritual and furnishings . He was the curate of Charles Williams at Holyhead in 1847 and in 1850 became perpetual curate of Llanfaes and Penmon , all on the island of Anglesey in north Wales . His final position was as rector of Llanfairfechan , Gwynedd , from 1862 until his death in 1900 . He refused three offers to become a Dean of a cathedral in Wales . His refusals to compromise his Anglo-Catholic principles led to conflict with Christopher Bethell , the Bishop of Bangor ( despite Bethell 's own views ) , but Ellis had influential support within the diocese and Bethell did not pursue his attempts to discipline Ellis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mauritz_Andersson", "text": "Mauritz Olof Andersson ( 22 September 1886 - 1 November 1971 ) was a middleweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Sweden . He competed at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in 1908 . Four years later he was eliminated in the fourth round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_Portable", "text": "The PlayStation Portable [ a ] ( PSP ) is a handheld game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was first released in Japan on December 12 , 2004 , in North America on March 24 , 2005 , and in PAL regions on September 1 , 2005 , and is the first handheld installment in the PlayStation line of consoles . As a seventh generation console , the PSP primarily competed with the Nintendo DS . Development of the PSP was announced during E3 2003 , and the console was unveiled at a Sony press conference on May 11 , 2004 . The system was the most powerful portable console when it was introduced , and was the first real competitor of Nintendo 's handheld consoles after many challengers , such as SNK 's Neo Geo Pocket and Nokia 's N-Gage , had failed . The PSP 's advanced graphics capabilities made it a popular mobile entertainment device , which could connect to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 consoles , computers running Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh software , other PSP systems , and the Internet . The PSP is the only handheld console to use an optical disc format - Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) - as its primary storage medium . The PSP was received positively by critics , and sold over 80 million units during its ten-year lifetime . Several models of the console were released , before the PSP line was succeeded by the PlayStation Vita , released in Japan in 2011 and worldwide a year later . The Vita has backward compatibility with PSP games that were released on the PlayStation Network through the PlayStation Store , which became the main method of purchasing PSP games after Sony shut down access to the store from the PSP on March 31 , 2016 . Hardware shipments of the PSP ended worldwide in 2014 ; production of UMDs ended when the last Japanese factory producing them closed in late 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dena_Head", "text": "Dena Head ( born August 16 , 1970 ) is an American retired women 's basketball player . She is best remembered as the first player ever drafted in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Feist_(singer)", "text": "Leslie Feist ( born 13 February 1976 ) is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and guitarist , performing both as a solo artist and as a member of the indie rock group Broken Social Scene . Feist launched her solo music career in 1999 with the release of Monarch . Her subsequent studio albums , Let It Die , released in 2004 , and The Reminder , released in 2007 , were critically acclaimed and commercially successful , selling over 2.5 million copies . The Reminder earned Feist four Grammy nominations , including a nomination for Best New Artist . She has received 11 Juno Awards , including two Artist of the Year . Her fourth studio album , Metals , was released in 2011 . In 2012 , Feist collaborated on a split EP with metal group Mastodon , releasing an interactive music video in the process . Feist received three Juno awards at the 2012 ceremony : Artist of the Year , Adult Alternative Album of the Year for Metals , and Music DVD of the Year for her documentary Look at What the Light Did Now ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_Golden_Gophers_baseball", "text": "The Minnesota Golden Gophers baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States . The team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I and are members of the Big Ten Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_I_FBS_independent_schools", "text": "National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Football Bowl Subdivision independent schools are four-year institutions whose football programs are not part of an NCAA-affiliated conference . This means that FBS independents are not required to schedule each other for competition like conference schools do . There are fewer independent schools than in years past ; many independent schools join , or attempt to join , established conferences . The main reasons to join a conference are to gain a share of television revenue and access to bowl games that agree to take teams from certain conferences , and to help deal with otherwise potentially difficult challenges in scheduling opponents to play throughout the season . All Division I FBS independents are eligible for the College Football Playoff ( CFP ) , or for the so-called access bowls associated with the CFP , if they are chosen by the CFP selection committee . Notre Dame has a potential tie-in with the Orange Bowl . Army has an agreement with the Military Bowl ( formerly the EagleBank Bowl ) , and Notre Dame , in addition to its CFP agreement , has other bowl agreements as part of its affiliation with the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . ( Notre Dame had similar agreements with its previous conference , the Big East . ) BYU had an agreement with the Armed Forces Bowl for 2011 . The ranks of football independents increased by one starting with the 2011 season with the announcement that BYU would leave the Mountain West Conference ( MWC ) to become a football independent starting with that season . The ranks increased by two in 2013 when the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) dropped football and New Mexico State and Idaho did not have a conference for football . The ranks of football independents decreased by two in 2014 with the return of Idaho and New Mexico State as football-only members of the Sun Belt Conference ( SBC ) and decreased by one more in 2015 with Navy joining the American Athletic Conference ( AAC ) as a football-only member ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rocky_Mountain_National_Park_Administration_Building", "text": "Beaver Meadows Visitor Center , also known as Rocky Mountain National Park Administration Building , is a building in Rocky Mountain National Park that is nationally significant for its architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dundee_F.C.", "text": "Dundee Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Dundee , Scotland . Founded in 1893 , they are nicknamed The Dark Blues or The Dee . The club plays its home matches at Dens Park . The club 's most successful era was in the 1960s when , under the management of Bob Shankly , Dundee won the Scottish Football League title in 1962 , before reaching the semi-finals of the 1962-63 European Cup . Dundee has won the Scottish Cup once , and won the Scottish League Cup three times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mirko_Müller", "text": "Mirko Müller ( born 12 November 1974 ) is a German pair skater . His first partner was Jekatarina Silnitzkaja , and he later teamed up with Emilie Gras for a year . Müller found his greatest success when Peggy Schwarz became his partner in 1996 . The pair went on to win three gold medals at the German Figure Skating Championships from 1998 to 2000 . After competing in the 1998 Winter Olympics , they captured the bronze medal at the World Figure Skating Championships that year . Schwarz retired in 2000 , and Müller found a new partner , Sarah Jentgens . They captured the German national title in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hammond,_Indiana", "text": "Hammond ( /ˈhæmənd/ ) is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States . It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area . First settled in the mid-19th century , it is one of the oldest cities of northern Lake County . As of the 2010 United States census , it is also the largest in population : the 2010 population was 80,830 , replacing Gary as the most populous city in Lake County . From north to south , Hammond runs from Lake Michigan down to the Little Calumet River ; from east to west along its southern border , it runs from the Illinois state line to Cline Avenue . The city is traversed by numerous railroads and expressways , including the South Shore Line , Borman Expressway , and Indiana Toll Road . Notable local landmarks include the parkland around Wolf Lake and the Horseshoe Hammond riverboat casino . Part of the Rust Belt , Hammond has been industrial almost from its inception , but is also home to a Purdue University campus and numerous historic districts that showcase the residential and commercial architecture of the early 20th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gaillard_de_la_Mothe", "text": "Gaillard de La Mothe ( also spelled de La Motte , de LaMotte , della Motta ) was a fourteenth-century prelate and Cardinal , of Gascon extraction . Gaillard was born towards the end of the 13th century , either in Toulouse or Bordeaux , and died in Avignon on 20 December 1356 . He was the son of Amanieu Levieux de La Motte , seigneur de Langon et de Rochetaillé . His mother was Elips ( Alix ) de Got , daughter of Arnaud-Garsale de Got , brother of Bertrand de Got . He was therefore a nephew of Pope Clement V ( Bertrand de Got ) . Gaillard had a brother , Bertrand . Another uncle , his father 's brother , Guillaume de la Mothe , was Bishop of Bazas from 1303-1313 , when he was transferred to Saintes , and again from 1318 to 1319 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hagerstown_Suns", "text": "The Hagerstown Suns are a Minor League Baseball team of the South Atlantic League and the Class A affiliate of the Washington Nationals . They are located in Hagerstown , Maryland , and play their home games at Municipal Stadium which was opened in 1930 and seats 4,600 people . The team mascot is Woolie , a giant woolly bear caterpillar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Agnes,_Cornwall", "text": "St Agnes ( Cornish : Breanek ) is a civil parish and a large village on the north coast of Cornwall , England , UK . The village is about five miles ( 8 km ) north of Redruth and ten miles ( 16 km ) southwest of Newquay . An electoral ward exists stretching as far south as Blackwater . The population at the 2011 census was 7,565 . The village of St Agnes , a popular coastal tourist spot , lies on a main road between Redruth and Perranporth . It was a prehistoric and modern centre for mining of copper , tin and arsenic until the 1920s . Local industry has also included farming and fishing , and more recently tourism . The St Agnes district has a heritage of industrial archaeology and much of the landscape is of considerable geological interest . There are also stone-age remains in the parish . The manor of Tywarnhaile was one of the 17 Antiqua maneria of the Duchy of Cornwall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kolberg", "text": "Kołobrzeg ( [ kɔˈwɔbʐɛk ] ( listen ) ; German : Kolberg , [ ˈkɔlbɛʁk ] ( listen ) ) is a city in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland with about 47,000 inhabitants ( as of 2014 [ update ] ) . Kołobrzeg is located on the Parsęta River on the south coast of the Baltic Sea ( in the middle of the section divided by the Oder and Vistula Rivers ) . It has been the capital of Kołobrzeg County in West Pomeranian Voivodship since 1999 , and was in Koszalin Voivodship from 1950 to 1998 . During the Early Middle Ages , Slavic Pomeranians founded a settlement at the site of modern Budzistowo . Thietmar of Merseburg first mentioned the site as Salsa Cholbergiensis . Around the year 1000 , when the city was part of Poland , it became seat of the Diocese of Kołobrzeg . During the High Middle Ages , the town was expanded with an additional settlement inhabited by German settlers a few kilometers north of the stronghold and chartered with Lübeck law , which settlement eventually superseded the original Slavic settlement . Later on , the indigenous Slavic population faced discrimation from the Germans . The city later joined the Hanseatic League . Within the Duchy of Pomerania , the town was the urban center of the secular reign of the prince-bishops of Cammin and their residence throughout the High and Late Middle Ages . When it was part of Brandenburgian Pomerania during the Early Modern Age , it withstood Polish and Napoleon 's troops in the Siege of Kolberg . From 1815 , it was part of the Prussian province of Pomerania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/92nd_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 92nd Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2019 , and took place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California . After more than a decade of holding the Academy Award ceremonies towards the end of February , the 92nd Academy Awards took place earlier in the month , on February 9 , 2020 . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , produced by Lynette Howell Taylor and Stephanie Allain ; it was directed by Glenn Weiss . Citing the success of the format at the 91st presentation in 2019 , ABC announced that the ceremony would again be conducted without a host . In related events , the Academy held its 11th Annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on October 27 , 2019 . The South Korean film Parasite led the ceremony with four awards , including Best Director for Bong Joon-ho and Best Picture , becoming the first non-English language film to do so , as well as the first South Korean submission to win Best International Feature Film . The war film 1917 won three awards , while Ford v Ferrari , Joker , and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood won two awards each . American Factory , Bombshell , Hair Love , Jojo Rabbit , Judy , Learning to Skateboard in a Warzone ( If You 're a Girl ) , Little Women , Marriage Story , The Neighbors ' Window , Rocketman , and Toy Story 4 won one Oscar each ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thika_United", "text": "Thika United Football Club is an association football club based in Thika , Kenya , which currently competes in the Kenyan Super League , the second tier of the Kenyan football league system . They play their home games at the Thika Sub-County Stadium . The club was formed in 2000 as Beirut FC . The following year , after being promoted to the Nationwide League ( second level ) , it adopted new name , Medisca Thika , after its then sponsors . The current name ( Thika United FC ) has been in use since 2003 , which was also its first year in the top flight under the sponsorship of Brookside Dairies . Midfielder Matthew Dickinson hit the headlines of local and some national newspapers when he left local team Brislington Badgers in Bristol , England , to travel to Kenya to gain nationality and happened to earn himself a lengthy contract with Thika United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monmouth_University", "text": "Monmouth University is a private university in West Long Branch , New Jersey . Founded in 1933 as Monmouth Junior College , it became Monmouth College in 1956 and Monmouth University in 1995 after receiving its charter . There are about 4,400 full-time and 260 part-time undergraduate and 1,750 graduate students , as well as 302 full-time faculty members . About 80% of faculty members hold Ph.D.s or other terminal degrees in their field of study . The university 's student-to-faculty ratio is about 14:1 . Because of the university 's relatively small student population , class sizes are capped between 20 and 35 and no classes are taught by teaching assistants . Forty-four percent of students live on-campus . Most of Monmouth 's student body is drawn from the northeastern United States , although students from 29 states and 28 foreign countries add to the school 's diversity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland_at_the_2006_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Switzerland competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy . This was the confederation 's largest Winter Olympics team ever , because two ice hockey teams qualified ( men and women ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arthyde,_Minnesota", "text": "Arthyde is an unincorporated community in Millward Township , Aitkin County , Minnesota , United States . The community is located northeast of McGrath , at the junction of Kestrel Avenue and 230th Lane . Aitkin County Road 2 ( 220th Street ) is nearby . Nearby places include Pliny , McGrath , Ellson , Denham , Sturgeon Lake , and Willow River . Arthyde is 16 miles northeast of McGrath , and 15 miles west of Willow River . The boundary line between Aitkin and Pine counties is nearby . The community is located on the edge of the Solana State Forest in the southeast portion of Aitkin County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torreya_Tree_of_Byeongyeong-myeon", "text": "The Japanese torreya of Samin-ri is a monumental tree located on the south slope of Mount Naejangsan in Samin-ri , Gangjin , South Korea . The tree belongs to the Torreya nucifera species and is c. 500 years old . It was designated a natural monument in 1962 . Before April 2008 , it was known as the Torreya tree of Byeongyeong-myeon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ati_Vishisht_Seva_Medal", "text": "Ati Vishisht Seva Medal ( AVSM ) is a military award of India given to recognize distinguished service of an exceptional order to all ranks of the armed forces . The award is a peacetime equivalent of Uttam Yuddh Seva Medal , which is a Wartime Distinguished Service decoration . The award can also be granted posthumously . Subsequent awards are represented by a bar worn on the ribbon . The awardee can use AVSM as post-nominal letters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Green_Bay_Packers", "text": "The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay , Wisconsin . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) North division . It is the third-oldest franchise in the NFL , dating back to 1919 , and is the only non-profit , community-owned major league professional sports team based in the United States . [ a ] Home games have been played at Lambeau Field since 1957 . The Packers are the last of the small town teams which were common in the NFL during the league 's early days of the 1920s and 1930s . Founded in 1919 by Earl Curly Lambeau and George Whitney Calhoun , the franchise traces its lineage to other semi-professional teams in Green Bay dating back to 1896 . Between 1919 and 1920 , the Packers competed against other semi-pro clubs from around Wisconsin and the Midwest , before joining the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) , the forerunner of today 's NFL , in 1921 . Although Green Bay is by far the smallest major league professional sports market in North America , Forbes ranked the Packers as the world 's 27th most valuable sports franchise in 2019 , with a value of $ 2.63 billion . The Packers have won 13 league championships , the most in NFL history , with nine pre-Super Bowl NFL titles and four Super Bowl victories . The Packers won the first two Super Bowls in 1967 and 1968 and were the only NFL team to defeat the American Football League ( AFL ) prior to the AFL-NFL merger . The Vince Lombardi Trophy is named after the Packers ' coach Vince Lombardi , who guided them to their first two Super Bowls . Their two subsequent Super Bowl wins came in 1996 and 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jatt_&_Juliet_2", "text": "Jatt & Juliet 2 ( Punjabi : ਜੱਟ ਐੰਡ ਜੂਲੀਅਟ-੨ ) is a 2013 Indian Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh . The film is a sequel to the 2012 blockbuster Jatt & Juliet , however not directly or story-wise . Actors Diljit Dosanjh and Neeru Bajwa reprise their roles from the previous film in the sequel amongst other characters . The film released on 28 June 2013 , almost a year after the release of the prequel , and received a positive response at the box office . Jatt & Juliet 2 went on to become the highest-grossing Punjabi film ever , thus beating the record previously held by the first Jatt & Juliet film . Jatt and Juliet 2 will be the first ever Punjabi movie to be released on Blu-ray . The movie was remade in Bengali in 2018 as Inspector Notty K ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pierre_Coffin", "text": "Pierre-Louis Padang Coffin ( born 15 March 1967 ) is a French voice actor , animator and film director best known for co-directing all four films in the Despicable Me franchise and as the voice of the Minions , which won him the Kids Family Award at the 10th Seiyu Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Hurlingham_Club", "text": "The Hurlingham Club is an exclusive sports and social club located in Fulham , London , England . It has a Georgian clubhouse set in 42 acres ( 17 ha ) of grounds . It is a member of The Association of London Clubs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Max_Scherzer", "text": "Maxwell M. Scherzer ( born July 27 , 1984 ) , nicknamed Mad Max , is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He made his MLB debut as a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2008 , and later played for the Detroit Tigers , prior to joining the Nationals . He has been an important figure in the both the Tigers ' and Nationals ' playoff presence , including Detroit 's four consecutive American League Central titles from 2011 to 2014 and two of Washington 's National League East titles , culminating in winning the 2019 World Series as a Wild Card team . A power pitcher with a low three-quarter-arm delivery , Scherzer has achieved numerous strikeout records and distinctions . He is the tenth pitcher in history to garner at least three Cy Young Awards , the sixth to record two no-hitters in one season , the fifth to produce more than one immaculate inning , and the second to strike out at least 200 batters in a season eight years in a row . He is regarded as one of the greatest pitchers of all time . The Diamondbacks selected Scherzer , a native of Greater St. Louis , in the first round and 11th overall of the 2006 amateur draft from the University of Missouri . A seven-time MLB All-Star , he is the fifth pitcher to start an All-Star Game for both the American and National Leagues . He is a winner of three strikeout titles , a four-time wins leader , and a four-time walks plus hits per inning pitched ( WHIP ) leader . In addition to three Cy Young Awards , he also finished second in its voting in 2018 and fifth in 2014 and 2015 . One the most consistent hurlers of his era , he has made at least 30 starts each season from 2009 to 2018 , and struck out at least 230 batters in each season from 2012 to 2018 . In 2018 , he reached 300 strikeouts for the first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Justyna_Mospinek", "text": "Justyna Mospinek ( born 8 November 1983 ) is an athlete from Poland . She competes in archery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michelle_Horn", "text": "Michelle Horn ( born Michelle Elizabeth Horn ; February 28 , 1987 ) is an American actress known for her work in the TV shows Strong Medicine and Family Law . Horn is also known for her voiceover work in The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride as the young Kiara . Her voice can be heard in Lion King-related merchandise such as software , plushes , toys and video games . Horn also costarred with Bruce Willis in the 2005 feature Hostage , and appeared on Loving Annabelle and as Eliza Pinchley on Family Guy . She also guest starred in two episodes of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , Tears of the Prophets and Penumbra , as Sahgi , a young Bajoran resident of Deep Space Nine . She also guest starred in Season 3 , episode 11 of Without a Trace . Horn retired from acting in 2008 but returned in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2009", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2009 honoured music industry achievements in Canada in the latter part of 2007 and in most of 2008 . These ceremonies were held in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada during the weekend ending 29 March 2009 . Loverboy was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame , and Sarah McLachlan received the Allan Waters Humanitarian Award . Long-time broadcast executive Fred Sherratt , a former CHUM Limited executive , received the Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory", "text": "The Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) is a federally funded research and development center and NASA field center in the cities of La Cañada Flintridge and Pasadena , California , United States . Founded in the 1930s , JPL is currently owned by NASA and managed by the nearby California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) for NASA . The laboratory 's primary function is the construction and operation of planetary robotic spacecraft , though it also conducts Earth-orbit and astronomy missions . It is also responsible for operating NASA 's Deep Space Network . Among the laboratory 's major active projects are the Mars Science Laboratory mission ( which includes the Curiosity rover ) , the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , the Juno spacecraft orbiting Jupiter , the NuSTAR X-ray telescope , the SMAP satellite for earth surface soil moisture monitoring , and the Spitzer Space Telescope . It is also responsible for managing the JPL Small-Body Database , and provides physical data and lists of publications for all known small Solar System bodies . JPL 's Space Flight Operations Facility and Twenty-Five-Foot Space Simulator are designated National Historic Landmarks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Clarkson", "text": "Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . She rose to fame in 2002 , after winning the first season of American Idol , which earned her a record deal with RCA Records . Clarkson 's debut single , A Moment Like This , topped the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and became the country 's best-selling single of 2002 . It was followed by the release of her debut studio album , Thankful ( 2003 ) , which debuted atop the US Billboard 200 . Trying to reinvent her image , Clarkson parted ways with Idol management and shifted to pop rock music for her second album , Breakaway ( 2004 ) . After numerous top 40 radio number-one singles , such as Since U Been Gone and Because of You , the album sold over 12 million copies worldwide and earned Clarkson two Grammy Awards . She took further creative control for her third album , My December ( 2007 ) , by becoming the executive producer and co-writing the entire album . However , her label was dissatisfied with her darker rock music and promoted the album reluctantly . Clarkson returned to the top of the charts with her more mainstream-oriented fourth album , All I Ever Wanted ( 2009 ) . Its lead single , My Life Would Suck Without You , holds the record for the biggest jump to number one on the Hot 100 chart . Her fifth studio album , Stronger ( 2011 ) , made Clarkson the first artist to win the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album twice . It spawned her third Hot 100 number-one single Stronger ( What Does n't Kill You ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estéfano", "text": "Fabio Alonso Salgado , better known as Estéfano , born in Cali , Colombia is a musician , singer-songwriter and record producer . Along with Donato Poveda formed the duo Donato y Estefano , releasing three studio albums through 1995-1999 . After the duo disbanded he went on to pursue a solo career with his album Código Personal : A Media Vida released in 2005 . Estéfano has worked with Ricky Martin , Julio Iglesias , Jennifer Lopez , Marc Anthony , Shakira , Malú , Alexandre Pires , Enrique Iglesias , Gloria Estefan , Jon Secada , Paulina Rubio , Anahí , Noelia , Chayanne , Jerry Rivera and Thalía , among others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benevento_Calcio", "text": "Benevento Calcio , commonly referred to as Benevento , is an Italian football club based in Benevento , Campania . The club was originally founded in 1929 and then re-founded in 2005 . They currently compete in Serie B. Benevento has played in Serie A , the top flight of Italian football , only once in its history , in the 2017-18 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Willowherb_(K283)", "text": "During the first year and more after the United States entered the war against the Axis powers , the United States Navy suffered from an acute shortage of warships , particularly of antisubmarine warfare and escort types . To fill that need , an extensive ship construction and acquisition program was inaugurated . Part of that program consisted of placing orders with British and Canadian firms already tooled up to produce Flower-class corvette . Vitality ( PG-100 ) was such a ship . However , before she was launched on 15 April 1943 by the Midland Shipyard in Canada , she was traded to the Royal Navy under the terms of the lend-lease agreement for a similar ship being constructed in Canada . The British renamed her HMS Willowherb , and she served in the Royal Navy for the duration of the war . On 11 June 1946 , she was returned to the custody of the United States Navy . Though carried on the Navy list as PG-100 following the war , Vitality never actively served the United States Navy . She remained idle until sold on 7 May 1947 . To whom she was sold and for what purpose is unknown , but one source indicates that she was not scrapped until 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winnie-the-Pooh", "text": "Winnie-the-Pooh , also called Pooh Bear and Pooh , is a fictional anthropomorphic teddy bear created by English author A . A. Milne . The first collection of stories about the character was the book Winnie-the-Pooh ( 1926 ) , and this was followed by The House at Pooh Corner ( 1928 ) . Milne also included a poem about the bear in the children 's verse book When We Were Very Young ( 1924 ) and many more in Now We Are Six ( 1927 ) . All four volumes were illustrated by E. H. Shepard . The Pooh stories have been translated into many languages , including Alexander Lenard 's Latin translation , Winnie ille Pu , which was first published in 1958 , and , in 1960 , became the only Latin book ever to have been featured on The New York Times Best Seller list . In 1961 , Walt Disney Productions licensed certain film and other rights of Milne 's Winnie-the-Pooh stories from the estate of A . A. Milne and the licensing agent Stephen Slesinger.Inc . and adapted the Pooh stories , using the unhyphenated name Winnie the Pooh , into a series of features that would eventually become one of its most successful franchises . In popular film adaptations , Pooh has been voiced by actors Sterling Holloway , Hal Smith , and Jim Cummings in English , and Yevgeny Leonov in Russian ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nanchang_Bayi", "text": "Shanghai Shenxin Football Club ( Chinese : 上海申鑫 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Shēnxīn ) was a professional football club that participated in China 's football league system between 2003 to 2019 under licence from the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) . The team was based in Jinshan District , Shanghai and their home stadium was the Jinshan Football Stadium that has a seating capacity of 30,000 . Their majority shareholder was Chinese real estate company Hengyuan Corporation . The club was founded in 2003 as Shanghai Hengyuan Football Club before they made their debut in the third tier of China 's football league pyramid in the 2003 league season . When the People 's Liberation Army dismissed part of its sports branch , which included its football team the club became interested in acquiring it before ultimately buying their youth team . On April 2 , 2004 , a new club named Nanchang Bayi Hengyuan Football Club was established with players who had played for the Shanghai Hengyuan Football Club and the Bayi U-19 team . The club worked its way up to the top tier after coming runners-up in the second division during the 2009 league season and promotion to the Chinese Super League . The club name changed to Nanchang Hengyuan Football Club at 2010 summer , because the word Bayi ( means People 's Liberation Army ) used by enterprise is prohibited from 2009 . After almost eight years in Nanchang the club would decide to move back to Shanghai at the beginning of 2012 and renamed themselves Shanghai Shenxin Football Club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Eastern_Railway", "text": "The Great Eastern Railway ( GER ) was a pre-grouping British railway company , whose main line linked London Liverpool Street to Norwich and which had other lines through East Anglia . The company was grouped into the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923 . Formed in 1862 after the amalgamation of the Eastern Counties Railway and several other smaller railway companies the GER served Cambridge , Chelmsford , Colchester , Great Yarmouth , Ipswich , King 's Lynn , Lowestoft , Norwich , Southend-on-Sea ( opened by the GER in 1889 ) , and East Anglian seaside resorts such as Hunstanton ( whose prosperity was largely a result of the GER 's line being built ) and Cromer . It also served a suburban area , including Enfield , Chingford , Loughton and Ilford . This suburban network was , in the early 20th century , the busiest steam-hauled commuter system in the world . The majority of the Great Eastern 's locomotives and rolling stock were built at Stratford Works , part of which was on the site of today 's Stratford International station and the rest was adjacent to Stratford Regional station . The GER owned 1,200 miles ( 1,931 km ) of line and had a near-monopoly in East Anglia until the opening of the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway in 1893 although there were a number of minor lines , such as the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway that stayed resolutely independent until after the grouping in 1923 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Actress", "text": "An actor is a person who portrays a character in a performance ( also actress ; see below ) . The actor performs in the flesh in the traditional medium of the theatre or in modern media such as film , radio , and television . The analogous Greek term is ὑποκριτής ( hupokritḗs ) , literally one who answers . The actor 's interpretation of their role - the art of acting - pertains to the role played , whether based on a real person or fictional character . Interpretation occurs even when the actor is playing themselves , as in some forms of experimental performance art . Formerly , in ancient Greece and Rome , the medieval world , and the time of William Shakespeare , only men could become actors , and women 's roles were generally played by men or boys . After the English Restoration of 1660 , women began to appear on stage in England . In modern times , particularly in pantomime and some operas , women occasionally play the roles of boys or young men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_Dutra_dos_Santos", "text": "José Dutra dos Santos , usually known simply as Dutra ( born on January 26 , 1948 in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer . He last managed CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 , before resigning his position due to health reasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arkansas's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Arkansas 's 4th congressional district is a congressional district located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Arkansas . Notable towns in the district include Camden , Hope , Hot Springs , Magnolia , Pine Bluff , and Texarkana . The district is currently represented by Republican Bruce Westerman . Historically , the district has supported conservative Democrats such as Mike Ross and David Pryor , and was reckoned as a classic Yellow Dog Democrat district . However , the growing Republican trend in the state has overtaken the district since the start of the 21st century with the district supporting George W. Bush with 51% in 2004 and support grew as John McCain won the district in 2008 with 58% of the vote ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hotel_(U.S._TV_series)", "text": "Hotel is an American prime time soap drama series which aired on ABC from September 21 , 1983 , to May 5 , 1988 , in the timeslot following Dynasty . Based on Arthur Hailey 's 1965 novel of the same name ( which had also inspired a 1967 feature film ) , the series was produced by Aaron Spelling and set in the elegant and fictitious St. Gregory Hotel in San Francisco ( changed from the New Orleans setting of the novel and film ) . Establishing shots of the hotel were filmed in front of The Fairmont San Francisco atop the Nob Hill neighborhood . Episodes followed the activities of passing guests , as well as the personal and professional lives of the hotel staff . The distribution rights to this classic 80s soap drama modern cult series was originally owned by Warner Bros. Pictures Distribution , until 2006 when CBS Paramount Network Television bought the television libraries and properties of Spelling Entertainment Inc. from Paramount Pictures Domestic Distribution and Viacom Enterprises ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wavendon", "text": "Wavendon is a village and civil parish in the south east of the Milton Keynes urban area , in Buckinghamshire , England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dan_Currie", "text": "Daniel George Currie ( June 27 , 1935 - September 11 , 2017 ) was an American football player , a linebacker in the National Football League ( NFL ) for nine seasons , with the Green Bay Packers and Los Angeles Rams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Tennis_Masters_Cup", "text": "The 2006 Tennis Masters Cup was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts . It was the 37th edition of the year-end singles championships , the 32nd edition of the year-end doubles championships , and was part of the 2006 ATP Tour . It took place at the Qizhong Forest Sports City Arena in Shanghai , People 's Republic of China , from November 12 through November 19 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montrose_Roselea_F.C.", "text": "Montrose Roselea Football Club are a Scottish Junior football club based in the town of Montrose , Angus . Formed in 1930 and nicknamed the Lea , their colours are green with a black and white trim . They were members of the Scottish Junior Football Association 's Angus League and Tayside Region League , before competing in the new East Region which they , along with all other Tayside Junior clubs became a part in 2002 . Playing second fiddle to the senior Montrose , success has been sparse during their years of existence however in recent years the success has been beyond a club of its size . The club applied to move from the SJFA East Region to join the North Region , and this was accepted for the beginning of season 2016-17 . Roselea traditionally play their home games at Broomfield Park , a relatively undeveloped facility in the north of the town which has room for around 1,800 spectators . For the 2018-19 season , they have reached an agreement to share Montrose F.C . 's Links Park stadium , with a view towards a longer-term arrangement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KLKO", "text": "KLKO ( 93.7 FM , 93.7 Jack FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Elko , Nevada . The station is owned by Elko Broadcasting Company . It airs an Adult Hits music format . The station was assigned the KLKO call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on December 14 , 1981 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_George_Wright", "text": "Edward George Wright ( 14 June 1831 - 12 August 1902 ) was an independent conservative Member of Parliament in New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/House_of_Cards_(U.S._TV_series)", "text": "House of Cards is an American political thriller web television series created by Beau Willimon . It is an adaptation of the 1990 BBC miniseries of the same title and based on the novel of the same title by Michael Dobbs . The first 13-episode season was released on February 1 , 2013 , on the streaming service Netflix . House of Cards is set in Washington , D.C. and is the story of Congressman Frank Underwood ( Kevin Spacey ) , a Democrat from South Carolina 's 5th congressional district and House Majority Whip , and his equally ambitious wife Claire Underwood ( Robin Wright ) . Frank is passed over for appointment as Secretary of State , so he initiates an elaborate plan to attain power , aided by Claire . The series deals with themes of ruthless pragmatism , manipulation , betrayal , and power . House of Cards received positive reviews and several award nominations , including 33 Primetime Emmy Award nominations , including for Outstanding Drama Series , Outstanding Lead Actor for Spacey , and Outstanding Lead Actress for Wright . It is the first original online-only web television series to receive major Emmy nominations . The show also earned eight Golden Globe Award nominations , with Wright winning for Best Actress - Television Series Drama in 2014 and Spacey winning for Best Actor - Television Series Drama in 2015 . In 2017 , following sexual misconduct allegations against Spacey , Netflix announced that Spacey would be removed from the show . The sixth and final season was produced and released in 2018 without Spacey 's involvement ; in the narrative , his character Frank Underwood was killed off between seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baku", "text": "Baku ( /bəˈkuː , bɑːˈkuː , ˈbɑːkuː , ˈbækuː/ ; Azerbaijani : Bakı , IPA : [ bɑˈcɯ ] ) is the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan , as well as the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region . Baku is located 28 metres ( 92 ft ) below sea level , which makes it the lowest lying national capital in the world and also the largest city in the world located below sea level . Baku lies on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula , alongside the Bay of Baku . At the beginning of 2009 , Baku 's urban population was estimated at just over two million people . Officially , about 25% of all inhabitants of the country live in Baku 's metropolitan area . Baku is the sole metropolis in Azerbaijan . Baku is divided into twelve administrative raions and 48 townships . Among these are the townships on the islands of the Baku Archipelago , and the town of Oil Rocks built on stilts in the Caspian Sea , 60 kilometres ( 37 miles ) away from Baku . The Inner City of Baku , along with the Shirvanshah 's Palace and Maiden Tower , were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 . According to the Lonely Planet 's ranking , Baku is also among the world 's top ten destinations for urban nightlife . The city is the scientific , cultural , and industrial center of Azerbaijan . Many sizeable Azerbaijani institutions have their headquarters there ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Afghanistan", "text": "Afghanistan ( /æfˈɡænɪstæn , æfˈɡɑːnɪstɑːn/ ( listen ) ; Pashto/Dari : افغانستان , Pashto : Afġānistān [ avɣɒnisˈtɒn , ab- ] , [ a ] Dari : Afġānestān [ avɣɒnesˈtɒn ] ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , is a landlocked country in Asia . Afghanistan is bordered by Pakistan to the east and south ; [ b ] Iran to the west ; Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Tajikistan to the north ; and China to the northeast . Occupying 652,000 square kilometers ( 252,000 sq mi ) , it is a mountainous country with plains in the north and southwest . Kabul is the capital and largest city . The population is 32 million , mostly composed of ethnic Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras and Uzbeks . Human habitation in Afghanistan dates back to the Middle Paleolithic Era , and the country 's strategic location along the Silk Road connected it to the cultures of the Middle East and other parts of Asia . The land has historically been home to various peoples and has witnessed numerous military campaigns , including those by Alexander the Great , Mauryas , Muslim Arabs , Mongols , British , Soviets , and by the United States with allied countries . The land also served as the source from which the Kushans , Hephthalites , Samanids , Saffarids , Ghaznavids , Ghorids , Khaljis , Mughals , Hotaks , Durranis , and others have risen to form major empires . The political history of the modern state of Afghanistan began with the Hotak and Durrani dynasties in the 18th century . In the late 19th century , Afghanistan became a buffer state in the Great Game between British India and the Russian Empire . Its border with British India , the Durand Line , was formed in 1893 but it is not recognized by the Afghan government and it has led to strained relations with Pakistan since the latter 's independence in 1947 . Following the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919 the country was free of foreign influence , eventually becoming a monarchy under Amanullah Khan , until almost 50 years later when Zahir Shah was overthrown and a republic was established ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Novgorod_Oblast", "text": "Novgorod Oblast ( Russian : Новгоро́дская о́бласть , Novgorodskaya oblast ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) . Its administrative center is the city of Veliky Novgorod . Some of the oldest Russian cities , including Veliky Novgorod and Staraya Russa , are located in the oblast . The historic monuments of Veliky Novgorod and surroundings have been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Population : 634,111 ( 2010 Census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boulder,_Colorado", "text": "Boulder ( /ˈboʊldər/ ) is the home rule municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Boulder County , Colorado , United States . It is the state 's 11th-most-populous municipality ; Boulder is located at the base of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains at an elevation of 5,430 feet ( 1,655 m ) above sea level . The city is 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Denver . The population of the City of Boulder was 97,385 people at the 2010 U.S. Census , while the population of the Boulder , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area was 294,567 . Boulder is known for its association with gold seekers and for being the home of the main campus of the University of Colorado , the state 's largest university . The city frequently receives high rankings in art , health , well-being , quality of life , and education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mono_(software)", "text": "Mono is a free and open-source project to create an Ecma standard-compliant .NET Framework-compatible software framework , including a C # compiler and a Common Language Runtime . Originally by Ximian , it was later acquired by Novell , and is now being led by Xamarin , a subsidiary of Microsoft and the .NET Foundation . The stated purpose of Mono is not only to be able to run Microsoft .NET applications cross-platform , but also to bring better development tools to Linux developers . Mono can be run on many software systems including Android , most Linux distributions , BSD , macOS , Windows , Solaris , and even some game consoles such as PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 . The Mono project has been controversial within the open-source community , as it implements portions of .NET Framework that may be covered by Microsoft patents . Although standardized portions of .NET Framework are covered under Microsoft Open Specification Promise - a covenant stating that Microsoft will not assert its patents against implementations of its specifications under certain conditions - other portions are not , which led to concerns that the Mono project could become the target of patent infringement lawsuits . Following Microsoft 's open-sourcing of several core .NET technologies since 2014 and its acquisition of Xamarin in the beginning of 2016 , an updated patent promise has been issued for the Mono project ( § Mono and Microsoft 's patents ) . The logo of Mono is a stylized monkey 's face , mono being Spanish for monkey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Democrats_(Brazil)", "text": "The Democrats ( Portuguese : Democratas , DEM ) is a political party in Brazil . It was founded in 1985 under the name of Liberal Front Party ( Partido da Frente Liberal , PFL ) from a dissidence of the defunct PDS , successor to the ARENA , the official party during the military dictatorship of 1964-1985 . It changed to its current name in 2007 . The original name reflected the party 's support of free market policies , rather than the identification with international liberal parties . Instead , the party affiliated itself to the international federations of Christian democratic ( CDI ) and conservative parties ( IDU ) . The Democrats ' identification number is 25 and its colors are green , blue , and white ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venus_(Shocking_Blue_song)", "text": "Venus is a song by Dutch rock band Shocking Blue , initially released as a single in the Netherlands in the summer of 1969 . Written by Robbie van Leeuwen , the song topped the charts in nine countries . In 1981 , it was used to open the Stars on 45 medley . In 1986 , English girl group Bananarama covered Venus for their third studio album , True Confessions , reaching number one in six countries . The composition has been featured in numerous films , television shows and commercials , and covered dozens of times by artists around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bionicle:_Mask_of_Light", "text": "Bionicle : Mask of Light , stylized as BIONICLE : Mask of Light - The Movie , is a 2003 direct-to-video science fantasy action film based on the Bionicle toy series created by Lego . Set in a universe filled with bio-mechanical beings allied with classical element-themed tribes , the story follows two friends from the fire-based village of Ta-Koro on a quest to find the owner of the Mask of Light , a mystical artifact that can potentially defeat Makuta , an evil entity threatening the island . The story is based on the latter half of the toyline 's 2003 narrative . The project was first proposed in 2001 , during the original run of the Bionicle toyline . Lego contacted multiple writers for the project , including original Bionicle contributors Bob Thompson and Alastair Swinnerton , and Hollywood writers Henry Gilroy and Greg Weisman . Production began in 2002 , taking approximately a year to complete . A major part of the graphical design was adjusting the characters so they could work in human-like ways while still resembling the original toys . The music was composed by Nathan Furst , who used orchestral and tribal elements to create the score . Voice casting was handled by Kris Zimmerman , and the voicework was done with the setting and mythos of Bionicle in mind . Multiple studios were involved in the development and distribution of Mask of Light : it was co-produced by Lego and Create TV & Film , developed by Creative Capers Entertainment and CGCG , and post-production was handled 310 Studios and Hacienda Post . It was released in September 2003 on home video and DVD , distributed by Miramax Home Entertainment and Buena Vista Home Entertainment . Upon release , the film reached high positions in VHS and DVD charts , and received generally positive reviews from journalists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfredo_Baquerizo_Moreno_Canton", "text": "Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno is a canton of the province of Guayas in the Republic of Ecuador . Its official name was given in honor of Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno ( 1859 - 1951 ) , who served three times as the president of Ecuador . It is also known as Jujan , a name which came from a regional plant . The canton covers an area of 218 square kilometres ( 84 sq mi ) . Its canton seat is also known as Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno or Jujan . As of the census of 2001 , there were 19,982 people residing within the canton limits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basingstoke_and_Deane", "text": "Basingstoke and Deane is a local government district and borough in Hampshire , England . Its primary settlement is Basingstoke . Other settlements include Bramley , Tadley , Kingsclere , Overton , Oakley , Whitchurch and the hamlet of Deane , some 7 miles ( 11 km ) from Basingstoke . It is the northernmost borough of Hampshire , bordered by Berkshire to the north . The first Basingstoke Mayor , George Baynard , was appointed in 1641 . The district was formed as the District of Basingstoke on 1 April 1974 by the merger of the borough of Basingstoke , Basingstoke Rural District and Kingsclere and Whitchurch Rural District . On 20 January 1978 , following the grant of borough status , the district became the Borough of Basingstoke and Deane . The council claims that the new title included the names of the largest town and smallest village in the borough , although there are eight civil parishes with populations smaller than Deane . Basingstoke and Deane has over 430 local neighbourhood watch schemes in the area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arsenal_F.C.", "text": "Arsenal Football Club is a professional football club based in Islington , London , England , that plays in the Premier League , the top flight of English football . The club has won 13 League titles , a record 13 FA Cups , 2 League Cups , 15 FA Community Shields , 1 League Centenary Trophy , 1 UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and 1 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup . Arsenal was the first club from the South of England to join The Football League , in 1893 , and they reached the First Division in 1904 . Relegated only once , in 1913 , they continue the longest streak in the top division , and have won the second-most top-flight matches in English football history . In the 1930s , Arsenal won five League Championships and two FA Cups , and another FA Cup and two Championships after the war . In 1970-71 , they won their first League and FA Cup Double . Between 1989 and 2005 , they won five League titles and five FA Cups , including two more Doubles . They completed the 20th century with the highest average league position . Herbert Chapman won Arsenal 's first national trophies , but died prematurely . He helped introduce the WM formation , floodlights , and shirt numbers , and added the white sleeves and brighter red to the club 's kit . Arsène Wenger was the longest-serving manager and won the most trophies . He won a record 7 FA Cups , and his title-winning team set an English record for the longest top-flight unbeaten league run at 49 games between 2003 and 2004 , receiving the nickname The Invincibles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carolyn_Jones-Young", "text": "Carolyn Jones-Young ( born Carolyn Jones on July 29 , 1969 ) is an American former professional women 's basketball player . A 5 ' 9 guard , she played for the New England Blizzard of the American Basketball League ( 1996-1998 ) , and also played for the Portland Fire of the Women 's National Basketball Association . She holds several ABL career records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corydon,_Indiana", "text": "Corydon is a town in Harrison Township , Harrison County , Indiana . Located north of the Ohio River in the extreme southern part of the U.S. state of Indiana , it is the seat of government for Harrison County . Corydon was founded in 1808 and served as the capital of the Indiana Territory from 1813 to 1816 . It was the site of Indiana 's first constitutional convention , which was held June 10-29 , 1816 . Forty-three convened to consider statehood for Indiana and drafted its first state constitution . Under Article XI , Section 11 , of the Indiana 1816 constitution , Corydon was designated as the capital of the state until 1825 , when the seat of state government was moved to Indianapolis . During the American Civil War , Corydon was the site of the Battle of Corydon , the only official pitched battle waged in Indiana during the war . More recently , the town 's numerous historic sites have helped it become a tourist destination . A portion of its downtown area is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Corydon Historic District . As of the 2010 census , Corydon had a population of 3,122 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_I_FCS_independent_schools", "text": "NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision independent schools are four-year institutions in the United States whose football programs are not part of a football conference . This means that FCS independents are not required to schedule each other for competition as conference schools do . As of the next college football season of 2020 , three schools will play as FCS independents . Presbyterian will spend only the 2020 season as an independent . It began a transition to non-scholarship FCS football in 2017 and will play the final season of that transition as an FCS independent before joining the Pioneer Football League in 2021 . ( Presbyterian will remain a full but non-football Big South member . ) Also in 2020 , Dixie State and Tarleton State will move up from Division II , with both joining the non-football Western Athletic Conference . Both schools have announced they will play as FCS independents for the foreseeable future . The only school that had played as an FCS independent in the most recently completed 2019 season , North Dakota , will join the Missouri Valley Football Conference in July 2020 . The Fighting Hawks left the Big Sky Conference for the non-football Summit League in July 2018 , but agreed to honor existing contracts to play Big Sky members in football , and thus played a full Big Sky football schedule in both 2018 and 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukrainian_Orthodox_Church_of_the_USA", "text": "The Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA ( UOC of USA ) is a jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate in the United States . It consists of two eparchies ( dioceses ) , ruled by two bishops , including about 85 active parishes and missions . The Church 's current leader is Metropolitan Antony . The Church 's head offices and Consistory are based in South Bound Brook , New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Projection_(linear_algebra)", "text": "In linear algebra and functional analysis , a projection is a linear transformation P { \\displaystyle P } from a vector space to itself such that P 2 = P { \\displaystyle P^ { 2 } =P } . That is , whenever P { \\displaystyle P } is applied twice to any value , it gives the same result as if it were applied once ( idempotent ) . It leaves its image unchanged . Though abstract , this definition of projection formalizes and generalizes the idea of graphical projection . One can also consider the effect of a projection on a geometrical object by examining the effect of the projection on points in the object ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_New_York_Flash", "text": "The Western New York Flash ( WNY Flash ) was an American soccer club based in Elma , New York that competed in the United Women 's Soccer league . They have won league championships in four different leagues : the USL W-League in 2010 , Women 's Professional Soccer in 2011 , Women 's Premier Soccer League Elite in 2012 , and the National Women 's Soccer League in 2016 . The team was founded in 2008 as the Buffalo Flash and played in the USL W-League from 2008-2010 . In 2011 , the team became the Western New York Flash and joined Women 's Professional Soccer ( WPS ) , its only season in the league . In 2012 , the team was a member of Women 's Premier Soccer League Elite ( WPSL-E ) following the folding of the WPS . The Flash won three consecutive league championships from 2010 to 2012 under head coach Aaran Lines : W-League in 2010 , WPS in 2011 , and WPSL-E in 2012 . The Flash reached the inaugural NWSL Championship during the 2013 season , but fell to the Portland Thorns FC while searching for their fourth-straight title . In 2016 , the team won the NWSL Championship for the first and only time . The team is owned by the Sahlen family , who run the Sahlen 's meat packing company in Buffalo . Joe Sahlen is the team 's owner . His daughter , Alex Sahlen , is the team President and a former defender on the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerrold_Nadler", "text": "Jerrold Lewis Nadler ( /ˈnædlər/ ; born June 13 , 1947 ) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for New York 's 10th congressional district since 2013 . He is a member of the Democratic Party and is in his 15th term in Congress , having served since 1992 . He was originally elected to represent the state 's 17th congressional district ( 1992-1993 ) which was renumbered the 8th congressional district ( 1993-2013 ) and is now the 10th congressional district . Nadler has been Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee since 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marriott_School_of_Management", "text": "The Marriott School of Business is the business school of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) , a private university owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) and located in Provo , Utah . It was founded in 1891 and renamed in 1988 after J. Willard Marriott , founder of Marriott International , and his wife Alice following their $ 15 million endowment gift to the school . The school is housed in the Tanner Building and supports 137 full-time faculty and approximately 200 adjunct , part-time or visiting faculty , full-time staff and students who teach . It has approximately 2,100 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students , and approximately 62 percent of its student body are bilingual . As of 2019 , its alumni base numbers 55,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanwell", "text": "Hanwell ( /ˈhænwɛl/ ) is a town in the London Borough of Ealing , in the historic County of Middlesex , England . It is about 1.5 miles west of Ealing Broadway and had a population of 28,768 as of 2011 . It is the westernmost location of the London post town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terminus_station", "text": "A train station , railway station , railroad station , or depot is a railway facility or area where trains regularly stop to load or unload passengers or freight or both . It generally consists of at least one track-side platform and a station building ( depot ) providing such ancillary services as ticket sales , waiting rooms , and baggage/freight service . If a station is on a single-track line , it often has a passing loop to facilitate traffic movements . The smallest stations are most often referred to as stops or , in some parts of the world , as halts ( flag stops ) . Stations may be at ground level , underground , or elevated . Connections may be available to intersecting rail lines or other transport modes such as buses , trams , or other rapid transit systems ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qinngua_Valley", "text": "Qinngua Valley , also called Qinnquadalen , Kanginsap Qinngua and Paradisdalen , in Greenland is about 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) from the nearest settlement of Tasiusaq , Kujalleq . The valley has the only natural forest in Greenland and is about 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) long , running roughly north to south and terminating at Tasersuag Lake . The lake drains into Tasermiut Fjord . Mountains rise as much as 1,500 metres ( 4,900 ft ) on either side of the narrow valley . The valley is situated about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from the sea and protected from the cold winds coming off the interior glaciers of Greenland . In total , over 300 species of plants grow in the valley . The forest in Qinngua valley is a thicket consisting mainly of downy birch ( Betula pubescens ) and gray-leaf willow ( Salix glauca ) , growing up to 7-8 metres ( 23-26 ft ) tall . Growing sometimes to tree height is the Greenland mountain ash ( Sorbus groenlandica ) , which is usually a shrub . Green alder ( Alnus crispa ) is also found in the valley . It is possible that other forests of this type once existed in Greenland but were cleared by early settlers for firewood or building material . The valley was declared a protected natural area in 1930 . Although nearly all of ice-free Greenland has an Arctic tundra climate ( ET in the Köppen climate classification ) , Qinngua valley may have a sub-arctic Dfc climate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Smiling_at_Strangers", "text": "Smiling at Strangers is an Australian Hip Hop album by TZU , released in 2005 . The album was produced by Magoo ( Regurgitator and Butterfingers ) and released under the P & C Liberation Music record label . The first single released from their third album Smiling at Strangers was entitled In Front of Me . It received airplay on national youth radio station Triple J , and the video was broadcast on Rage and Video Hits . The album was later re-released as a limited edition double LP entitled Snarling at Strangers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Central_Conference", "text": "The North Central Conference ( NCC ) , also known as North Central Intercollegiate Athletic Conference , was a college athletic conference which operated in the north central United States . It participated in the NCAA 's Division II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland", "text": "Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a country situated in the confluence of western , central , and southern Europe . [ note 4 ] It is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons , with federal authorities seated in Bern . [ note 1 ] Switzerland is a landlocked country bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau , the Alps , and the Jura , spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 ( 15,940 sq mi ) , and land area of 39,997 km2 ( 15,443 sq mi ) . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are located , among them the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva . The establishment of the Old Swiss Confederacy dates to the late medieval period , resulting from a series of military successes against Austria and Burgundy . Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire was formally recognized in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . The Federal Charter of 1291 is considered the founding document of Switzerland which is celebrated on Swiss National Day . Since the Reformation of the 16th century , Switzerland has maintained a strong policy of armed neutrality ; it has not fought an international war since 1815 and did not join the United Nations until 2002 . Nevertheless , it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world . Switzerland is the birthplace of the Red Cross , one of the world 's oldest and best known humanitarian organisations , and is home to numerous international organisations , including the second largest UN office . It is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association , but notably not part of the European Union , the European Economic Area or the Eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deep_River_Boys", "text": "The Deep River Boys were an American gospel music group active from the mid-1930s and into the 1980s . The group performed spirituals , gospel , and R & B ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mataram_(city)", "text": "Mataram ( Indonesian : Kota Mataram ) is the capital of the Indonesian province of West Nusa Tenggara . The city is surrounded on all the landward sides by ( but is not administratively contained within ) West Lombok Regency ( Kabupaten Lombok Barat ) and lies on the western side of the island of Lombok , Indonesia . It is also the largest city of the province , and had a population of 402,296 at the 2010 Census ; the latest official estimate ( as at January 2014 ) is 420,941 . In addition to serving as the provincial capital , Mataram has also become the center of government , education , commerce , industry and services . Three towns constitute the Mataram area ; from west to east , these are Ampenan , Mataram , and Cakranegara . They are distinct towns , but run together . Broadly , Ampenan is an aging seaport city , Mataram is the governmental and office center for the province , and Cakranegara is the major commercial center on the island . The city is administratively divided into six districts ( kecamatan ) , namely Ampenan , Cakranegara , Mataram , Pejanggik , Selaparang , and Sekarbela . The Mataram area contains 50 Kampungs ( villages/neighbourhoods ) and 297 ( RT ) kampung sub-sections . The city is served by the Lombok International Airport ( Bandara Internasional Lombok ) ( IATA : LOP , ICAO : WADL ) near Praya in Central Lombok , by the Lembar Harbour seaport in the southwest and Labuhan Lombok ferry port on the east coast which provides connection to Poto Tano on Sumbawa . Mataram is located near west coast of Lombok , so it is very close to the island 's tourism centre of Senggigi beach , which is a short distance northward from Ampenan . Mataram was previously a part of West Lombok Regency before the division of the regency in 2000 , when the capital of West Lombok was moved to Gerung ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saba_Qom_FSC", "text": "Almas Shahr Qom Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال الماس شهر قم ) is an Iranian futsal club based in Qom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Pacific_Life_Open", "text": "The 2006 Indian Wells Masters ( also known as the Pacific Life Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a joint ATP Tour and WTA Tour tournament that took place on the hard courts of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells , California . It took place from March 6 to March 19 . The event was part of the upper echelon of both the women 's and men 's tours , as part of the ATP Masters Series and the WTA Tier I events respectively . Roger Federer won his third consecutive title at Indian Wells , a feat that no other player had achieved until this point ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1964", "text": "Miss World 1964 , the 14th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 12 November 1964 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , UK . The winner was Ann Sidney of United Kingdom . She was crowned by Miss World 1963 , Carole Joan Crawford of Jamaica ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985_U.S._Open_(tennis)", "text": "The 1985 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City in New York in the United States . It was the 105th edition of the US Open and was held from August 27 to September 8 , 1985 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Glarus", "text": "The canton of Glarus , also canton of Glaris ( German : Kanton Glarus , [ ˈɡlaʁʊs ] ( listen ) ) is a canton in east central Switzerland . The capital is Glarus . The population speaks a variety of Alemannic German . The majority of the population ( 81% ) identifies as Christian , about evenly split between the Protestant and Catholic denominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venice", "text": "Venice ( /ˈvɛnɪs/ VEN-iss ; Italian : Venezia [ veˈnɛttsja ] ( listen ) ; Venetian : Venesia or Venexia , pronounced [ veˈnɛsja ] ) is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region . It is situated on a group of 118 small islands that are separated by canals and linked by over 400 bridges . The islands are located in the shallow Venetian Lagoon , an enclosed bay that lies between the mouths of the Po and the Piave rivers ( more exactly between the Brenta and the Sile ) . In 2018 , 260,897 people resided in the Comune di Venezia , of whom around 55,000 live in the historical city of Venice ( centro storico ) . Together with Padua and Treviso , the city is included in the Padua-Treviso-Venice Metropolitan Area ( PATREVE ) , which is considered a statistical metropolitan area , with a total population of 2.6 million . The name is derived from the ancient Veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century BC . The city was historically the capital of the Republic of Venice for a millennium and more , from 697 to 1797 . It was a major financial and maritime power during the Middle Ages and Renaissance , and a staging area for the Crusades and the Battle of Lepanto , as well as an important center of commerce - especially silk , grain , and spice , and of art from the 13th century to the end of the 17th . The city-state of Venice is considered to have been the first real international financial center , emerging in the 9th century and reaching its greatest prominence in the 14th century . This made Venice a wealthy city throughout most of its history . After the Napoleonic Wars and the Congress of Vienna , the Republic was annexed by the Austrian Empire , until it became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1866 , following a referendum held as a result of the Third Italian War of Independence . Venice has been known as La Dominante , La Serenissima , Queen of the Adriatic , City of Water , City of Masks , City of Bridges , The Floating City , and City of Canals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalisz_Governorate", "text": "Kalisz Governorate ( Polish : gubernia kaliska , Russian : Калишская губерния ) was an administrative unit ( a governorate ) of the Kingdom of Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/América_de_Cali", "text": "América de Cali S. A. , best known as América de Cali or América , is a Colombian football team based in Cali and playing in the Categoría Primera A . They play their home games at the Olímpico Pascual Guerrero stadium . The club is regarded by FIFA and IFFHS as the strongest football team in Colombia and the ninth strongest in South America during the 20th century . IFFHS also once ranked América de Cali as the second best club side in the world , behind only Italian champions Juventus . The club is one of the oldest in Colombia ; they were founded in 1927 , and trace their origins to the América Football Club , which was founded in 1918 . They are also one of the most successful Colombian clubs at both the domestic and international levels , winning fourteen national titles and reaching the Copa Libertadores finals four times ( including three straight from 1985 to 1987 ) . Although they have never won the Copa Libertadores , they have won two international tournaments , the 1999 Copa Merconorte and the 1975 Copa Simón Bolívar . In 2011 , América was relegated to the local second division , where they played for five seasons . They returned to the top flight by winning the Primera B championship in 2016 . América has a number of fierce rivalries , most notably with crosstown rivals Deportivo Cali . Matches between them are known as the Clásico Vallecaucano . Other rival clubs include Atlético Nacional , Millonarios and Independiente Santa Fe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Temeka_Johnson", "text": "Temeka Rochelle Johnson ( born September 6 , 1982 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is a former American professional basketball player who is currently . Her primary position was point guard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baldur's_Gate:_Tales_of_the_Sword_Coast", "text": "Baldur 's Gate : Tales of the Sword Coast is an expansion pack of the fantasy role-playing video game Baldur 's Gate . Developed by BioWare and published by Interplay , it adds 20 to 30 extra hours of gameplay to the original game , including the addition of four new areas and minor tweaks to some of the mechanics . The expansion consists of four notable quests that take place within the same game world as Baldur 's Gate , and sees players taking their character ( referred to as the Ward ) and their party of companions across the Sword Coast , from travelling to a distant island , to exploring the fortress dungeon of a late dwarf . Tales of the Sword Coast achieved global sales of 600,000 units by 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Texas_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Texas Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Texas in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is part of the Miss Universe Organization , owned by William Morris Endeavor ( also known as WME ) . Texas is in the top 5 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Alongside Oregon they are the only two states to have produced three winners . Anissa Mendez of Laredo was crowned Miss Texas Teen USA 2020 on December 1 , 2019 at Hilton Post Oak Hotel in Houston . She will represent Texas for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rob_Williams_(basketball)", "text": "Robert Aaron Williams ( May 5 , 1961 - March 10 , 2014 ) , was an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the first round ( 19th overall ) of the 1982 NBA draft . A 6-foot-2 point guard from the University of Houston , Williams played in two National Basketball Association ( NBA ) seasons for the Nuggets . When Williams reported to Denver 's training camp as a rookie , he was badly out of shape , prompting Nuggets coach Doug Moe to describe Williams as a fat little hog . Williams ' collegiate career included a trip to the 1982 NCAA Final Four , where his Houston Cougars , better known as Phi Slama Jama , fell to the North Carolina Tar Heels in the National Semifinals . A former star at Milby High School in Houston , Williams was an electrifying player for the University of Houston , averaging 16 points per game as a freshman , 25 per game as a sophomore , and 21 points per game for the 1982 Final Four team . Williams was an All American and perennial All Southwest Conference performer . His collegiate teammates included Hakeem Olajuwon , Clyde Drexler , Michael Young , Benny Anders and Larry Micheaux among others . In his NBA career , Williams played in 153 games and scored a total of 1,319 points . Following his brief NBA career , he played professionally in the Continental Basketball Association , Italy , Australia , Spain , and the Philippines . In 1986 , Williams strutted his wares as an import for Tanduay Rhum in the Philippine Basketball Association 's ( PBA ) Reinforced Conference that year , where teams were allowed to suit up two imports no taller than 6 ft 3 in . Along with partner Andre McKoy and local superstars Ramon Fernandez , Freddie Hubalde and Willie Generalao , among others , the flamboyant and sweet-shooting Williams led Tanduay to its first championship in franchise history . In a May 2005 Houston Chronicle story , Williams admitted using drugs while he played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_in_video_gaming", "text": "The year 2009 saw many sequels and prequels in video games . New intellectual properties include Batman : Arkham Asylum , Bayonetta , Borderlands , Demon 's Souls , Dragon Age : Origins , Infamous , Just Dance , and Prototype ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Seraphim_Chapel", "text": "The St. Seraphim Chapel , also known as the Old Church , is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Lower Kalskag , Alaska , United States , in Bethel Census Area , that may include a portion built in 1843 , or it may have all been built later . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . The community has a 1975-built new church used for Russian Orthodox services ; this is an old church that is either a later enlargement of an original church built probably in 1843 or it is wholly a later 1800s replacement . The old church reflects the influence of traditional three-part Russian Orthodox ecclesiastical architecture in America expressed in the style of a log cabin . Balanced in the center , it is divided into three parts : vestibule , nave , and altar chamber . Each section is built by squared logs with corner dovetailing and straight butt joints at points where the logs are shorter . A 1979 survey suggested that no other extant log church in Alaska ( and perhaps nowhere else in all of North America ) of its age possessed comparable construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Zaquan_Adha_Abdul_Radzak", "text": "Mohamad Zaquan Adha bin Abd . Radzak ( born 3 August 1987 in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Malaysia Super League side Kedah . He is the younger of his twin who also a footballer Aidil Zafuan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Prince Albert is the third-largest city in Saskatchewan , Canada , after Saskatoon and Regina . It is situated near the centre of the province on the banks of the North Saskatchewan River . The city is known as the Gateway to the North because it is the last major centre along the route to the resources of northern Saskatchewan . Prince Albert National Park is located 51 km ( 32 mi ) north of the city and contains a huge wealth of lakes , forest , and wildlife . The city itself is located in a transition zone between the aspen parkland and boreal forest biomes . Prince Albert is bordered by the Rural Municipality of Prince Albert No . 461 and the Rural Municipality of Buckland No . 491 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License", "text": "The GNU General Public License ( GNU GPL or GPL ) is a widely used free software license that guarantees end users the freedom to run , study , share , and modify the software . The license was originally written by Richard Stallman , former head of the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) , for the GNU Project , and grants the recipients of a computer program the rights of the Free Software Definition . The GPL is a copyleft license , which means that derivative work must be distributed under the same or equivalent license terms . This is in distinction to permissive software licenses , of which the BSD licenses and the MIT License are widely-used less-restrictive examples . GPL was the first copyleft license for general use . Historically , the GPL license family has been one of the most popular software licenses in the free and open-source software domain . Prominent free-software programs licensed under the GPL include the Linux kernel and the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) . David A. Wheeler argues that the copyleft provided by the GPL was crucial to the success of Linux-based systems , giving the programmers who contributed to the kernel the assurance that their work would benefit the whole world and remain free , rather than being exploited by software companies that would not have to give anything back to the community . In 2007 , the third version of the license ( GPLv3 ) was released to address some perceived problems with the second version ( GPLv2 ) which were discovered during the latter 's long-time usage . To keep the license up to date , the GPL license includes an optional any later version clause , allowing users to choose between the original terms or the terms in new versions as updated by the FSF . Developers can omit it when licensing their software ; the Linux kernel , for instance , is licensed under GPLv2 without the any later version clause ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CNES", "text": "The National Centre for Space Studies ( CNES ) ( French : Centre national d'études spatiales ) is the French government space agency ( administratively , a public administration with industrial and commercial purpose ) . Its headquarters are located in central Paris and it is under the supervision of the French Ministries of Defence and Research . It operates from the Toulouse Space Center and Guiana Space Centre , but also has payloads launched from space centres operated by other countries . The president of CNES is Jean-Yves Le Gall . CNES is member of Institute of Space , its Applications and Technologies . As of April 2018 [ update ] , CNES has the second largest national budget - €2.438 billion - of all the world 's civilian space programs , after only NASA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Cincinnati", "text": "The University of Cincinnati ( UC or Cincinnati ) is a public research university in Cincinnati , Ohio . Founded in 1819 as Cincinnati College , it is the oldest institution of higher education in Cincinnati and has an annual enrollment of over 44,000 students , making it the second largest university in Ohio . It is part of the University System of Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bananarama", "text": "Bananarama are an English female pop music vocal duo , originally formed as a trio in London in 1979 by friends Sara Dallin , Siobhan Fahey and Keren Woodward . Their success on both pop and dance charts saw them listed in the Guinness World Records for achieving the world 's highest number of chart entries by an all-female group . Between 1982 and 2009 , they had 28 singles reach the Top 50 of the UK Singles Chart . The group 's 10 UK Top 10 hits include It Ai n't What You Do . ( 1982 ) , Really Saying Something ( 1982 ) , Shy Boy ( 1982 ) , Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye ( 1983 ) , Cruel Summer ( 1983 ) , Robert De Niro 's Waiting . ( 1984 ) and Love in the First Degree ( 1987 ) . In 1986 , they had a U.S. number one with another of their UK Top 10 hits , a cover of Venus . In total , they had 11 singles reach the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 ( 1983-1988 ) , including two in the Top 10 , with Cruel Summer ( 1984 ) and I Heard a Rumour ( 1987 ) . They are associated with the MTV-driven Second British Invasion of the US . The group featured on the 1984 Band Aid single , Do They Know It 's Christmas ? . They topped the Australian ARIA albums chart in June 1988 with Wow !"}
{"title": "/wiki/Santo_André", "text": "Santo André ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃twɐ̃ˈdɾɛ ] , Saint Andrew ) is a Brazilian municipality located in the Metropolitan Region of São Paulo . It is part of a group of municipalities known as Greater ABC Region . The population is 710,210 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 175.8 km² . It is the 15th most developed Brazilian city , and the eighth most developed city in the State of São Paulo , according to the UN . The city is also the fifth best city in the country to raise children ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_McGinnity", "text": "Joseph Jerome McGinnity ( March 20 , 1871 - November 14 , 1929 ) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) in the late 19th and early 20th century . McGinnity played in MLB for ten years , pitching for the National League 's ( NL ) Baltimore Orioles ( 1899 ) and Brooklyn Superbas ( 1900 ) , before jumping to the American League ( AL ) to play for the Baltimore Orioles ( AL ) ( 1901-1902 ) . He returned to the NL with the New York Giants ( 1902-1908 ) . McGinnity continued to pitch in the minor leagues , eventually retiring from baseball for good at the age of 54 . In MLB , he won 246 games with a 2.66 earned run average ( ERA ) . He had seven 20-win seasons and two 30-win seasons . Including his time in the minor leagues , McGinnity won close to 500 games as a professional ballplayer . He led MLB in wins five times ( 1899 , 1900 , 1903 , 1904 , and 1906 ) and ERA once ( 1904 ) . With the Giants , he won the 1905 World Series . His teams also won NL pennants in 1900 and 1904 . McGinnity was nicknamed Iron Man because he worked in an iron foundry during the baseball offseasons . His nickname came to convey his longevity and durability , as he routinely pitched in both games of doubleheaders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinus_bungeana", "text": "Pinus bungeana ( English : Bunge 's pine or lacebark pine or white-barked pine ; Chinese : 白皮松 Japanese : シロマツ , Korean : 백송 ; RR : baeksong ) is a pine tree native to northeastern and central China . It is a slow-growing tree that can grow to heights of 15-25m and is frost hardy down to below -26 °C . Its smooth , grey-green bark gradually sheds in round scales to reveal patches of pale yellow , which turn olive-brown , red and purple on exposure to light ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ballston-MU_station", "text": "Ballston-MU is a side-platformed Washington Metro station in Arlington County , Virginia , United States . The station opened on December 1 , 1979 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . The station serves the Orange and Silver Lines . The station serves the transit-oriented community of Ballston , Ballston Quarter , and Marymount University ( MU ) . Ballston-MU is also a major Metrobus transfer station . The station entrance is located at North Fairfax Drive and North Stuart Street , near the intersection of Wilson Boulevard and North Glebe Road . West of this station , the tracks rise above ground inside the median of Interstate 66 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monarch_butterfly", "text": "The monarch butterfly or simply monarch ( Danaus plexippus ) is a milkweed butterfly ( subfamily Danainae ) in the family Nymphalidae . Other common names depending on region include milkweed , common tiger , wanderer , and black veined brown . It may be the most familiar North American butterfly , and is considered an iconic pollinator species . Its wings feature an easily recognizable black , orange , and white pattern , with a wingspan of 8.9-10.2 cm ( ​3 1⁄2-4 in ) A Müllerian mimic , the viceroy butterfly is similar in color and pattern , but is markedly smaller and has an extra black stripe across each hindwing . The eastern North American monarch population is notable for its annual southward late-summer/autumn migration from the northern and central United States and southern Canada to Florida and Mexico . During the fall migration , monarchs cover thousands of miles , with a corresponding multi-generational return north . The western North American population of monarchs west of the Rocky Mountains often migrates to sites in southern California but has been found in overwintering Mexican sites as well . Monarchs have been bred on the International Space Station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KK_Beovuk_72", "text": "Kosarkaški klub Beovuk 72 ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кошаркашки клуб Беовук 72 ) , commonly referred to as KK Beovuk 72 , is basketball club based in Belgrade , Serbia . The team is currently competing in the Serbian 2nd League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tegera_Arena", "text": "Tegera Arena is an arena in Leksand , Sweden primarily used for ice hockey , and is the home arena of Leksands IF . It opened in October 2005 and holds 7,650 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Denver_Broncos_season", "text": "The 2004 Denver Broncos season was the team 's 45th year in professional football and its 35th with the National Football League . Under head coach Mike Shanahan the Broncos equalled their 10-6 record from 2003 , and again finished second in the AFC West . In a repeat of 2003 , the Broncos season ended in defeat to the Indianapolis Colts 49-24 in the AFC Wild Card playoffs . Starting quarterback Jake Plummer finished the season with 4,089 passing yards ( 4th in the league ) . During the offseason , the Broncos traded running back Clinton Portis to the Washington Redskins in exchange for cornerback Champ Bailey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Museum", "text": "The British Museum , in the Bloomsbury area of London , United Kingdom , is a public institution dedicated to human history , art and culture . Its permanent collection of some eight million works is among the largest and most comprehensive in existence , having been widely sourced during the era of the British Empire . It documents the story of human culture from its beginnings to the present . [ a ] It was the first public national museum in the world . The British Museum was established in 1753 , largely based on the collections of the Irish physician and scientist Sir Hans Sloane . It first opened to the public in 1759 , in Montagu House , on the site of the current building . Its expansion over the following 250 years was largely a result of expanding British colonisation and has resulted in the creation of several branch institutions , the first being the Natural History Museum in 1881 . In 1973 , the British Library Act 1972 detached the library department from the British Museum , but it continued to host the now separated British Library in the same Reading Room and building as the museum until 1997 . The museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport , and as with all national museums in the UK it charges no admission fee , except for loan exhibitions . Its ownership of some of its most famous objects originating in other countries is disputed and remains the subject of international controversy , most notably in the case of the Parthenon Marbles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Misato,_Akita", "text": "Misato ( 美郷町 , Misato-chō ) is a town located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . As of 1 February 2020 [ update ] , the town had an estimated population of 19,337 in 6632 households and a population density of 119 persons per km² . The total area was 168.34 square kilometres ( 65.00 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brian_Carpenter_(American_football)", "text": "Brian Milton Carpenter ( born November 27 , 1960 ) is a former American football in the cornerback in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the New York Giants ( 1982 ) , the Washington Redskins ( 1983-1984 ) , and the Buffalo Bills ( 1984 ) . He played college football as a defensive back at the University of Michigan from 1978 to 1981 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricky_Gervais", "text": "Ricky Dene Gervais ( /dʒərˈveɪz/ jer-VAYS ; born 25 June 1961 ) is an English stand-up comedian , actor , writer , film producer , director , and musician . He is perhaps best known for co-creating , writing , and acting in the British television series The Office ( 2001-2003 ) . He has won seven BAFTA Awards , five British Comedy Awards , two Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and the Rose d'Or twice ( 2006 and 2019 ) , as well as a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination . In 2007 , he was placed at No . 11 on Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Stand-Ups and at No . 3 on the updated 2010 list . In 2010 , he was named on the Time 100 list of the world 's most influential people . Gervais initially worked in the music industry , attempting a career as a pop star in the 1980s as the singer of the new-wave act Seona Dancing and working as the manager of the then unknown band Suede before turning to comedy . Gervais appeared on The 11 O'Clock Show on Channel 4 between 1998 and 2000 , garnering a reputation as a blunt and often controversial social critic . In 2000 , he was given a Channel 4 spoof talk show , Meet Ricky Gervais . He achieved greater mainstream fame the following year with his BBC television mock documentary series The Office . It was followed by Extras in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Jameson", "text": "Nick Jameson ( born July 10 , 1950 ) is an American actor , voice actor , singer , songwriter , composer , musician and record producer , perhaps best known for his portrayal of Russian president Yuri Suvarov over three seasons on the show 24 . He currently resides in Iceland doing live comedy , live music entertainment and remote voice over work ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palmyra_(town),_New_York", "text": "Palmyra is a town in southwest Wayne County , New York , United States . The population was 7,975 at the 2010 census . The town is named after the ancient city Palmyra in Syria . The town contains a village also named Palmyra . The town is about 20 miles ( 32 km ) southeast of Rochester , New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grand_Army_of_the_Republic", "text": "The Grand Army of the Republic ( GAR ) was a fraternal organization composed of veterans of the Union Army ( United States Army ) , Union Navy ( U.S. Navy ) , Marines and the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service who served in the American Civil War . It was founded in 1866 in Springfield , Illinois , and grew to include hundreds of posts ( local community units ) across the nation ( predominantly in the North , but also a few in the South and West ) . It was dissolved in 1956 at the death of its last member , Albert Woolson ( 1850-1956 ) of Duluth , Minnesota . Linking men through their experience of the war , the G.A.R . became among the first organized advocacy groups in American politics , supporting voting rights for black veterans , promoting patriotic education , helping to make Memorial Day a national holiday , lobbying the United States Congress to establish regular veterans ' pensions , and supporting Republican political candidates . Its peak membership , at 410,000 , was in 1890 , a high point of various Civil War commemorative and monument dedication ceremonies . It was succeeded by the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War ( SUVCW ) , composed of male descendants of Union Army and Union Navy veterans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andorra_la_Vella", "text": "Andorra la Vella ( UK : /ænˌdɔːrə lə ˈveɪjə/ , US : /- lɑː ˈveɪljə/ ; Catalan pronunciation : [ ənˈdorə lə ˈβeʎə ] , Spanish : Andorra la Vieja , French : Andorre-la-Vieille ) is the capital of the Principality of Andorra . It is located high in the east Pyrenees , between France and Spain . It is also the name of the parish that surrounds the capital . As of 2015 [ update ] , the city has a population of 22,886 , and the urban area , which includes Escaldes-Engordany plus satellite villages , has over 40,000 inhabitants . The principal industry is tourism , although the country also earns foreign income from being a tax haven . Furniture and brandies are local products . Being at an elevation of 1,023 m ( 3,356 ft ) , it is the highest capital city in Europe and a popular ski resort ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1918_in_aviation", "text": "This is a list of aviation-related events from 1918 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Young_Hearts_Run_Free", "text": "Young Hearts Run Free is a disco song written by David Crawford and originally recorded by American soul singer Candi Staton in 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_South_Korean_films_of_2005", "text": "This is a list of South Korean films released in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LRT_Kelana_Jaya_Line", "text": "The LRT Kelana Jaya Line is the fifth rail transit line and the first fully automated and driverless rail system in the Klang Valley area and forms a part of the Klang Valley Integrated Transit System . Servicing 37 stations , the line has 46.4 km of grade-separated tracks running mostly on underground and elevated guideways . Formerly known as the PUTRA LRT , it is currently operated by Rapid KL , a subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia . The line is named after its former terminus , Kelana Jaya station . The line is numbered 5 and coloured Ruby on the official transit map ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olli_Rehn", "text": "Olli Ilmari Rehn ( listen ( help·info ) ; born 31 March 1962 ) is a Finnish politician serving as Governor of the Bank of Finland since 2018 . A member of the Centre Party , he served as Minister of Economic Affairs in Juha Sipilä 's cabinet from 2015 until 2016 , the European Commissioner for Enlargement from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro from 2010 to 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China_national_football_B_team", "text": "China B is a secondary football team run occasionally as support for the China national football team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bermejo_Department,_Chaco", "text": "Bermejo is the easternmost department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 24,000 inhabitants in an area of 2,562 km² , and its capital city is La Leonesa , which is located around 100 km from the provincial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa", "text": "Cedar Rapids ( /ˈsiːdər ˈræpɪdz/ ) is the second-largest city in Iowa and is the county seat of Linn County . The city lies on both banks of the Cedar River , 20 miles ( 32 km ) north of Iowa City and 100 miles ( 160 km ) northeast of Des Moines , the state 's capital and largest city . It is a part of the Cedar Rapids/Iowa City Corridor of Linn , Benton , Cedar , Jones , Johnson , and Washington counties . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city population was 126,326 . The estimated population of the three-county Metropolitan Statistical Area , which includes the nearby cities of Marion and Hiawatha , was 255,452 in 2008 . Cedar Rapids is an economic hub of the state , located at the core of the Interstate 380 corridor . The Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) is also a part of a Combined Statistical Area ( CSA ) with the Iowa City MSA . This CSA plus two additional counties are known as the Iowa City-Cedar Rapids ( ICR ) Corridor and collectively have a population of over 450,000 . A flourishing center for arts and culture in Eastern Iowa , the city is home to the Cedar Rapids Museum of Art , the National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library , the Paramount Theatre , Orchestra Iowa , Theatre Cedar Rapids , the African American Museum of Iowa , and the Iowa Cultural Corridor Alliance . In the 1990s and 2000s , several Cedar Rapidians became well-known actors , including Bobby Driscoll , Ashton Kutcher , Elijah Wood , and Ron Livingston . The city is the setting for the musical The Pajama Game and the comedy film Cedar Rapids . Cedar Rapids is nicknamed the City of Five Seasons , for the so-called fifth season , which is time to enjoy the other four ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joma", "text": "Joma ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxoma ] ) is a Spanish sports clothing manufacturer , which currently produces footwear and clothing for football , futsal , handball basketball , volleyball , running , tennis , padel , fitness . Its headquarters are located in Spain . Joma was founded in 1965 to produce shoes for general use . In 1968 , the company began to specialize in sport shoes production and distribution . After a relative success , Joma decided to enter into football market , obtaining a great success and becoming the leader in its country , consequently also with international success . Eventually , Joma Sport had opened offices in the United States , Europe and Asia being currently present in over 70 countries throughout the world . Joma Sport brand is in the top ten in the world-ranking ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China", "text": "China ( Chinese : 中国 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó ) , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a country in East Asia and is the world 's most populous country , with a population of around 1.428 billion in 2017 . Covering approximately 9,600,000 square kilometers ( 3,700,000 sq mi ) , it is the third largest country by area . [ j ] Governed by the Communist Party of China , the state exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , [ k ] five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau . China emerged as one of the world 's first civilizations , in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain . For millennia , China 's political system was based on hereditary monarchies , or dynasties , beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty in 21st century BCE . Since then , China has expanded , fractured , and re-unified numerous times . In the 3rd century BCE , the Qin reunited core China and established the first Chinese empire . The succeeding Han dynasty , which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE , saw some of the most advanced technology at that time , including papermaking and the compass , along with agricultural and medical improvements . The invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) and Northern Song ( 960-1127 ) completed the Four Great Inventions . Tang culture spread widely in Asia , as the new Silk Route brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa . Dynastic rule ended in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution , when the Republic of China ( ROC ) replaced the Qing dynasty . China , as a whole , was ravaged by feudal warlordism and Japan during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue,_WA_MSA", "text": "The Seattle metropolitan area is an urban conglomeration in the U.S. state of Washington that includes Seattle and its surrounding satellites and suburbs . It includes the three most populous counties in the state - King , Snohomish , and Pierce - and is considered a component of the greater Puget Sound region . The United States Census Bureau defines the metropolitan area as the Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue , WA Metropolitan Statistical Area . With an estimated population of 3,867,000 as of 2017 [ update ] , it is the 15th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) in the United States , with almost half of Washington 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_islands_by_highest_point", "text": "This is a list of islands in the world ordered by their highest point . It includes all islands with peaks higher than 2,000 m. At the end of this article continental landmasses are also included for comparison . Countries and territories listed are those containing the highest point ; other countries and territories on the same landmass are listed separately ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Digitel_GSM", "text": "Digitel is a mobile phone company in Venezuela , and the country 's first to deploy a GSM network and to establish a per second charging scheme . Early in 2007 , Digitel surpassed 3 million subscribers and is currently placed third , behind CANTV 's Movilnet and Telefonica 's Movistar . Digitel 's growth has remained steady . [ citation needed ] Digitel currently provides wireless data transmission capabilities through its GSM-GPRS and high speed EDGE network . In 2007 Digitel deployed an UMTS network on its existing 900 MHz spectrum . [ citation needed ] . In 2000 , after receiving government approval , Digitel sold 56.56% of its stocks to Telecom Italia Mobile , changing its name to Digitel TIM . Digitel 's network originally only covered Venezuela 's central region , reaching around 44% of the entire population ; however , in January 2006 , a request to the government to approve merger with Venezuela 's two other GSM networks ( Digicel and Infonet ) to achieve full national coverage , and in May 2006 the company was acquired entirely by the Televenco group together with the two other operators , after which the company 's name changed to its current : Digitel GSM . The company began a network expansion program in July 2006 , and by the end of the year more than 1,070 radio bases had been installed , 7 switches in Caracas , Valencia , Puerto La Cruz and Maracaibo , stretching its GPRS/EDGE network in the West of the country and offering communication , data , information and entertainment to all its customers . Early in 2010 , Digitel got its 3G/WCDMA ( HSDPA , HSUPA , GSM/WCDMA ) network working all over the country , becoming the fastest provider despite its slow growth . Lately in 2013 , Digitel got its 4G/LTE ( LTE network working in mayor cities such as Caracas , Maracay , Valencia among others , becoming this way the first operator in Venezuela offering LTE capabilities . The phones sold with 4G uSIM were BlackBerry Z10 and Huawei Ascend P1 LTE , both supporting 1800Mhz network ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ek_Nayi_Ummeed_-_Roshni", "text": "Ek Nayi Ummeed - Roshni ( English : A New Hope - Roshni ) is an Indian medical drama television series , which premiered on 13 July 2015 and broadcast on Life OK . The series aires on Monday through Friday nights . The series is produced by Pulse Media Entertainment . The shooting of the series is shot in London . The shooting of the entire series is held in a real hospital . Pooja Gor and Sahil Anand are seen playing the female and male lead roles respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manchester_United_F.C.", "text": "Manchester United Football Club is a professional football club based in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester , England , that competes in the Premier League , the top flight of English football . Nicknamed the Red Devils , the club was founded as Newton Heath LYR Football Club in 1878 , changed its name to Manchester United in 1902 and moved to its current stadium , Old Trafford , in 1910 . Manchester United have won more trophies than any other club in English football , with a record 20 League titles , 12 FA Cups , five League Cups and a record 21 FA Community Shields . United have also won three UEFA Champions Leagues , one UEFA Europa League , one UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , one UEFA Super Cup , one Intercontinental Cup and one FIFA Club World Cup . In 1998-99 , the club became the first in the history of English football to achieve the continental European treble . By winning the UEFA Europa League in 2016-17 , they became one of five clubs to have won all three main UEFA club competitions . The 1958 Munich air disaster claimed the lives of eight players . In 1968 , under the management of Matt Busby , Manchester United became the first English football club to win the European Cup . Alex Ferguson won 38 trophies as manager , including 13 Premier League titles , 5 FA Cups and 2 UEFA Champions Leagues , between 1986 and 2013 , when he announced his retirement . Manchester United was the highest-earning football club in the world for 2016-17 , with an annual revenue of €676.3 million , and the world 's third most valuable football club in 2019 , valued at £3.15 billion ( $ 3.81 billion ) . As of June 2015 , it is the world 's most valuable football brand , estimated to be worth $ 1.2 billion . After being floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1991 , the club was purchased by Malcolm Glazer in May 2005 in a deal valuing the club at almost £800 million , after which the company was taken private again , before going public once more in August 2012 , when they made an initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arrows_Grand_Prix_International", "text": "Arrows Grand Prix International was a British Formula One team active from 1978 to 2002 . It was known as Footwork from 1991 to 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czech_Republic", "text": "The Czech Republic ( /ˈtʃɛk -/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česká republika [ ˈtʃɛskaː ˈrɛpublɪka ] ( listen ) ) , also known by its short-form name , Czechia ( /ˈtʃɛkiə/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česko [ ˈtʃɛsko ] ( listen ) ) , is a country in Central Europe bordered by Poland to the northeast , Slovakia to the southeast , Austria to the south , and Germany to the west . The Czech Republic is a landlocked country with a hilly landscape that covers an area of 78,866 square kilometers ( 30,450 sq mi ) with a mostly temperate continental climate and oceanic climate . It is a unitary parliamentary republic , with 10.7 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Prague , with 1.3 million residents ; other major cities are Brno , Ostrava , Olomouc and Pilsen . The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia , Moravia , and Czech Silesia . The Czech state was formed in the late ninth century as the Duchy of Bohemia under the Great Moravian Empire . In 1002 , the duchy was formally recognized as an Imperial State of the Holy Roman Empire along with the Kingdom of Germany , the Kingdom of Burgundy , the Kingdom of Italy ; and became the Kingdom of Bohemia in 1198 , reaching its greatest territorial extent in the 14th century . Prague was the imperial seat in periods between the 14th and 17th century . The Protestant Bohemian Reformation of the 15th century led to the Hussite Wars , the first of many conflicts with the Catholic Church . Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526 , the whole Crown of Bohemia was gradually integrated into the Habsburg Monarchy . The Protestant Bohemian Revolt ( 1618-20 ) against the Catholic Habsburgs led to the Thirty Years ' War . After the Battle of the White Mountain , the Habsburgs consolidated their rule , eradicated Protestantism , reimposed Catholicism , and adopted a policy of gradual Germanization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kermit_the_Frog", "text": "Kermit the Frog is a Muppet character and Jim Henson 's best-known creation . Introduced in 1955 , Kermit serves as the straight man protagonist of numerous Muppet productions , most notably Sesame Street and The Muppet Show , as well as in other television series , films , specials , and public service announcements through the years . Henson performed Kermit until his death in 1990 ; Steve Whitmire performed Kermit from that time until his dismissal in 2016 . Kermit is currently performed by Matt Vogel . He was also voiced by Frank Welker in Muppet Babies and occasionally in other animation projects , and is voiced by Matt Danner in the 2018 reboot of Muppet Babies . Kermit performed the hit singles Bein ' Green in 1970 and The Rainbow Connection in 1979 for The Muppet Movie , the first feature-length film featuring the Muppets . The Rainbow Connection reached No . 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 . Kermit 's iconic look and voice have been recognizable worldwide since , and in 2006 , the character was credited as the author of Before You Leap : A Frog 's Eye View of Life 's Greatest Lessons , an autobiography told from the perspective of the character himself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zamboanga_City", "text": "Zamboanga City , officially the City of Zamboanga ( Chavacano/Spanish : Ciudad de Zamboanga ; , is a 1st class highly urbanized city in the Zamboanga Peninsula of the Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 861,799 people . It is the 6th most populous and 3rd largest city by land area in the Philippines . It is the commercial and industrial center of the Zamboanga Peninsula Region . On October 12 , 1936 , Zamboanga became a chartered city under Commonwealth Act No . 39 . It was inaugurated on February 26 , 1937 . Zamboanga City is an independent , chartered city and was designated highly urbanized on November 22 , 1983 . Although geographically separated , and an independent and chartered city , Zamboanga City is grouped with the province of Zamboanga del Sur for statistical purposes , yet governed independently from it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shiga_Prefecture", "text": "Shiga Prefecture ( 滋賀県 , Shiga-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kansai region of Honshu . Shiga Prefecture has a population of 1,412,916 ( 1 October 2015 ) and has a geographic area of 4,017 km² ( 1,551 sq mi ) . Shiga Prefecture borders Fukui Prefecture to the north , Gifu Prefecture to the northeast , Mie Prefecture to the southeast , and Kyoto Prefecture to the west . Ōtsu is the capital and largest city of Shiga Prefecture , with other major cities including Kusatsu , Nagahama , and Higashiōmi . Shiga Prefecture encircles Lake Biwa , the largest freshwater lake in Japan , and 37% of the total land area is designated as Natural Parks , the highest of any prefecture . Shiga Prefecture 's southern half is located adjacent to the former capital city of Kyoto and forms part of Greater Kyoto , the fourth-largest metropolitan area in Japan . Shiga Prefecture is home to Ōmi beef , the Eight Views of Ōmi , and Hikone Castle , one of four national treasure castles in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ThinkBright", "text": "ThinkBright TV was a PBS television digital subchannel serving New York State except New York City . Its programming included educational series , lifelong learning , arts and culture , children 's shows and public affairs coverage with a focus on New York 's people , places and heritage ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franklin_D._Roosevelt", "text": "Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( /ˈroʊzəvəlt/ , /-vɛlt/ ; January 30 , 1882 - April 12 , 1945 ) , often referred to by his initials FDR , was an American politician who served as the 32nd president of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 . A member of the Democratic Party , he won a record four presidential elections and became a central figure in world events during the first half of the 20th century . Roosevelt directed the federal government during most of the Great Depression , implementing his New Deal domestic agenda in response to the worst economic crisis in U.S. history . As a dominant leader of his party , he built the New Deal Coalition , which realigned American politics into the Fifth Party System and defined American liberalism throughout the middle third of the 20th century . His third and fourth terms were dominated by World War II , which ended shortly after he died in office . He is rated by scholars as one of the three greatest U.S. presidents , along with George Washington and Abraham Lincoln , but has also been subject to substantial criticism . Roosevelt was born in Hyde Park , New York , to a Dutch American family made well known by the reputation of Theodore Roosevelt , the 26th president of the United States , and William Henry Aspinwall . FDR graduated from Groton School and Harvard College and attended Columbia Law School but left after passing the bar exam to practice law in New York City . In 1905 , he married his fifth cousin once removed , Eleanor Roosevelt . They had six children , of whom five survived into adulthood . He won election to the New York State Senate in 1910 , and then served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy under President Woodrow Wilson during World War I. Roosevelt was James M. Cox 's running mate on the Democratic Party 's 1920 national ticket , but Cox was defeated by Republican Warren G. Harding . In 1921 , Roosevelt contracted a paralytic illness , believed at the time to be polio , and his legs became permanently paralyzed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morehead,_Kentucky", "text": "Morehead is a home rule-class city located along US 60 ( the historic Midland Trail ) and Interstate 64 in Rowan County , Kentucky , in the United States . It is the seat of its county . The population was 6,845 at the time of the 2010 U.S. census . It was the focal point of the Rowan County War and is the home of Morehead State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rick_Price_(golfer)", "text": "Richard N. Price III ( born May 18 , 1968 ) is an American professional golfer who plays on the Nationwide Tour . Price joined the Nationwide Tour in 1999 where he played until 2001 , took a hiatus in 2002 and rejoined in 2003 . He won his first title at the Xerox Classic in 2005 but his breakout year came in 2008 when he won the Nationwide Tour Players Cup en route to a 12th-place finish on the money list , earning him his PGA Tour card for 2009 . He did not have much success on the PGA Tour and returned to the Nationwide Tour the following year . He has won 20 events on mini tours and he has also played on the Canadian Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eagle_Farm_Racecourse", "text": "Eagle Farm Racecourse is a heritage-listed horse racing venue in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . It is located at the northern end of Racecourse Road in the suburb of Ascot , 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) from the Brisbane central business district . The turf track is 28 metres ( 92 ft ) wide , with a circumference of 2,027 metres ( 6,650 ft ) and a home straight of 434 metres ( 1,424 ft ) . Races are run in a clockwise direction . Doomben Racecourse is located nearby in the same suburb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reading,_Berkshire", "text": "Reading ( /ˈrɛdɪŋ/ ( listen ) RED-ing ) is a large , historic university and minster town in Berkshire , South East England . It is in the Thames Valley at the confluence of the River Thames and River Kennet , and on both the Great Western Main Line railway and the M4 motorway . Reading is 70 miles ( 110 km ) east of Bristol , 24 miles ( 39 km ) south of Oxford , 40 miles ( 64 km ) west of London , 14 miles ( 23 km ) north of Basingstoke , 12 miles ( 19 km ) south-west of Maidenhead and 15 miles ( 24 km ) east of Newbury . The first evidence for Reading as a town dates from the 8th century . It was an important trading and ecclesiastical centre in the medieval period , as the site of Reading Abbey , one of the largest and richest monasteries of medieval England with strong royal connections , of which the 12th-century abbey gateway and significant ancient ruins remain . By 1525 , Reading was the largest town in Berkshire , and tax returns show that Reading was the 10th largest town in England when measured by taxable wealth . The medieval town was seriously affected by the English Civil War , with a major siege and loss of trade , and played a pivotal role in the Revolution of 1688 , with that revolution 's only significant military action fought on the streets of the town . The 18th century saw the beginning of a major iron works in the town and the growth of the brewing trade for which Reading was to become famous . The 19th century saw the coming of the Great Western Railway and the development of the town 's brewing , baking and seed growing businesses . During that period , the town grew rapidly as a manufacturing centre . Today , [ when ? ] Reading is a major commercial centre , with involvement in information technology and insurance , and despite its proximity to London , has a net inward commuter flow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edinburgh", "text": "Edinburgh ( /ˈɛdɪnbərə/ ( listen ) ; Scots : Edinburgh ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Èideann [ ˈt̪uːn ˈeːtʲən̪ˠ ] ) is the capital of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas . Historically part of the county of Midlothian ( interchangeably Edinburghshire before 1921 ) , it is located in Lothian on the Firth of Forth 's southern shore . Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century , Edinburgh is the seat of the Scottish Government , the Scottish Parliament and the supreme courts of Scotland . The city 's Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official residence of the monarch in Scotland . The city has long been a centre of education , particularly in the fields of medicine , Scots law , literature , philosophy , the sciences and engineering . It is the second largest financial centre in the United Kingdom ( after London ) and the city 's historical and cultural attractions have made it the United Kingdom 's second most popular tourist destination attracting 1.75 million visits from overseas in 2016 . Edinburgh is Scotland 's second most populous city and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom . The official population estimates are 488,050 ( 2016 ) for the Locality of Edinburgh ( Edinburgh pre 1975 regionalisation plus Currie and Balerno ) , 518,500 ( 2018 ) for the City of Edinburgh , and 1,339,380 ( 2014 ) for the city region . Edinburgh lies at the heart of the Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region comprising East Lothian , Edinburgh , Fife , Midlothian , Scottish Borders and West Lothian . The city is the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland . It is home to national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland , the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery . The University of Edinburgh , founded in 1582 and now one of four in the city , is placed 20th in the QS World University Rankings for 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingston,_Ontario", "text": "Kingston is a city in Eastern Ontario , Canada . It is on the eastern end of Lake Ontario , at the beginning of the St. Lawrence River and at the mouth of the Cataraqui River ( south end of the Rideau Canal ) . The city is midway between Toronto , Ontario and Montreal , Quebec . The Thousand Islands tourist region is nearby to the east . Kingston is nicknamed the Limestone City because of the many heritage buildings constructed using local limestone . Growing European exploration in the 17th century , and the desire for the Europeans to establish a presence close to local Native occupants to control trade , led to the founding of a French trading post and military fort at a site known as Cataraqui ( generally pronounced kah-tah-ROCK-way ) in 1673 . This outpost , called Fort Cataraqui , and later Fort Frontenac , became a focus for settlement . Cataraqui would be renamed Kingston after the British took possession of the fort , and Loyalists began settling the region in the 1780s . Kingston was named the first capital of the United Province of Canada on February 10 , 1841 . While its time as a capital city was short ( ending in 1844 ) , the community has remained an important military installation . Kingston was the county seat of Frontenac County until 1998 . Kingston is now a separate municipality from the County of Frontenac ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhesh", "text": "The term Madheshi people ( Nepali : मधेशी ) is used by academics for people of Indian ancestry residing in the Terai of Nepal and comprising various cultural groups such as Hindu caste groups , Muslims , Marwaris and indigenous people of the Terai . Since the late 1940s , the term 'Madhes ' was used by politicians in the Nepal Terai to differentiate between interests of the people of the Terai and of the hills . In recent times , some politicians and journalists use the term for all Nepali citizens of the Terai . Indian immigrants settled foremost in present-day eastern Nepal Terai since the late 18th century , when the Shah rulers of Nepal encouraged deforestation and agricultural development of this region . Madheshi people comprise Brahmin and Dalit caste groups as well as ethnic groups such as Maithils , Bhojpuri and Bajjika speaking people . Many of these groups share cultural traditions , educational and family ties with people living south of the international border in Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal . Tharu people and Pahari people living in the Terai do not consider themselves as Madheshi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trim,_County_Meath", "text": "Trim ( Irish : Baile Átha Troim , meaning town at the ford of elderflowers ) is a town in County Meath , Ireland . It is situated on the River Boyne and has a population of 9,194 . The town is noted for Trim Castle - the largest Cambro-Norman castle in Ireland . One of the two cathedrals of the United Dioceses of Meath and Kildare - St Patrick 's cathedral - is located north of the river . Trim won the Irish Tidy Towns Competition in 1972 , 1984 , and 2014 and was the joint winner with Ballyconnell in 1974 . Traditionally Trim was the county town of Meath , but this title was passed on over time onto larger , neighbouring town Navan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iain_Reid", "text": "Iain Reid ( b. c. 1980 ) is a Canadian writer , who won the RBC Taylor Emerging Writer Award in 2015 . As of August 1 , 2016 [ update ] , Reid 's sister , Eliza Reid has been the First Lady of Iceland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richmond_Football_Club", "text": "The Richmond Football Club , nicknamed the Tigers , is a professional Australian rules football club playing in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , the sport 's premier competition . Between its inception in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond in 1885 and 1907 , the club competed in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) , winning two premierships . Richmond joined the Victorian Football League ( now known as the AFL ) in 1908 and has since won twelve premierships , most recently in 2019 . Richmond 's headquarters and training facilities are located at its original home ground , the Punt Road Oval , which sits adjacent to the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) , the club 's playing home since 1965 . Richmond traditionally wears a black guernsey with a yellow sash . The club song , We 're From Tigerland , is well known for its yellow and black refrain . The club is coached by Damien Hardwick and its current captain is Trent Cotchin . Five Richmond players have been inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame as Legends of the sport : Kevin Bartlett , Jack Dyer , Royce Hart , Kevin Sheedy and Ian Stewart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013–14_Florida_Gators_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2013-14 Florida Gators men 's basketball team represented the University of Florida in the sport of basketball during the 2013-14 college basketball season . The Gators competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . They were led by head coach Billy Donovan , and played their home games in the O'Connell Center on the university 's Gainesville , Florida campus . The Gators finished the SEC regular season with an 18-0 record in conference play , the first SEC team to ever accomplish the feat , after the SEC re-expanded to an 18-game regular season schedule prior to the 2012-13 season . In doing so , the Gators won their seventh SEC regular season championship , and their third in four seasons . The Gators beat the Kentucky Wildcats 61-60 to claim the fourth SEC Tournament championship title . By claiming the SEC Tournament , the Gators earned an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament , and were selected as the # 1 overall seed , and were placed in the South Regional . The Gators defeated all of their first four opponents by at least 10 points and advanced to the Final Four as the only # 1 seed remaining . At that point , the Gators had a school record winning streak of 30 wins , dating back to Dec. 2 , 2013 , where the Gators lost in a tight game at UConn 64-65 . The Gators ' semifinal opponent was a rematch against UConn , who had won the East Regional . The Gators got off to a quick start ; however , the Huskies were able to catch up and led at halftime . In the second half , the Gators fell farther behind , giving up numerous turnovers , and missing numerous field goals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nam_Nguyen", "text": "Nam Nguyen ( born May 20 , 1998 ) is a Canadian figure skater . He is the 2014 World Junior champion , 2019 Skate Canada silver medalist , and two-time Canadian national champion ( 2015 , 2019 ) . He has placed as high as fifth at the World Championships , in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hannah_Billig", "text": "Captain Hannah Billig , MBE GM ( 4 October 1901 - 11 July 1987 ) was a British doctor who worked in the East End of London . Billig was popular amongst her patients and she most notably did exceptional medical work during World War II that earned her honors and awards , as well as the nickname The Angel of Cable Street . After returning from aiding the war efforts , she continued her medical practice on Cable Street before retiring to Israel , even continuing her medical work there until her death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terrence_Rencher", "text": "Terrence Lamont Rencher ( born February 19 , 1973 ) is an American former professional basketball player . He was listed at 6 ' 3 ( 1.90 m ) . Rencher was a prep star at St. Raymond High School for Boys in the Bronx , New York , earning New York City MVP honors in his senior year . Rencher attended the University of Texas at Austin , being drawn to the high-paced tempo of play that coach Tom Penders employed . There he finished his career with 2,306 points ( making him both the school 's and Southwest Conference 's all-time career scorer in men 's basketball ) and 440 assists . He was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 1995 NBA draft , but his draft rights were traded along with Rex Chapman to the Miami Heat , for the draft rights to Jeff Webster and Ed Stokes . He was traded midway through his rookie season ( 1995-96 ) with the Heat to the Phoenix Suns , in exchange for Tony Smith . Internationally , he played for Bnei Herzliya in Israel , Pallacanestro Cantù , Basket Rimini and Viola Reggio Calabria in Italy , KK Split in Croatia and Telekom Baskets Bonn and RheinEnergie Köln in Germany , amongst others . He moved back to the United States in 2006 and enrolled at UT for the 2007 spring semester . In addition to taking three semesters of classes and serving as a student mentor , Rencher also served as the basketball program director at the Regents School of Austin and coach of the boys ' varsity team . His college coaching career began as a graduate assistant at Saint Louis University under the late Rick Majerus during the 2008-09 season . In 2009-11 he worked as an assistant coach at Texas State University under Doug Davalos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bay_City,_Michigan", "text": "Bay City is a city in Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is located near the base of the Saginaw Bay on Lake Huron . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 34,932 , and it is the principal city of the Bay City Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Saginaw-Midland-Bay City Combined Statistical Area . The city , along with nearby Midland and Saginaw , form the Greater Tri-Cities region of Central Michigan , which has more recently been called the Great Lakes Bay Region . The city is geographically divided by the Saginaw River , and travel between the east and west sides of the city is made possible by four modern bascule-type drawbridges : Liberty Bridge , Veterans Memorial Bridge , Independence Bridge , and Lafayette Avenue Bridge , which allow large ships to travel easily down the river . The city is served by MBS International Airport , located in nearby Freeland , and James Clements Municipal Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amusement_Park", "text": "An amusement park is a park that features various attractions , such as rides and games , as well as other events for entertainment purposes . A theme park is a type of amusement park that bases its structures and attractions around a central theme , often featuring multiple areas with different themes . Unlike temporary and mobile funfairs and carnivals , amusement parks are stationary and built for long-lasting operation . They are more elaborate than city parks and playgrounds , usually providing attractions that cater to a variety of age groups . While amusement parks often contain themed areas , theme parks place a heavier focus with more intricately-designed themes that revolve around a particular subject or group of subjects . Amusement parks evolved from European fairs , pleasure gardens and large picnic areas , which were created for people 's recreation . World 's fairs and other types of international expositions also influenced the emergence of the amusement park industry . Lake Compounce opened in 1846 and is considered the oldest , continuously-operating amusement park in North America . The first theme parks emerged in the mid-twentieth century with the opening of Santa Claus Land in 1946 , Santa 's Workshop in 1949 , and Disneyland in 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vicentico", "text": "Gabriel Julio Fernández Capello ( born ( 1964-07-24 ) July 24 , 1964 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a musician and composer better known by his stage name Vicentico . Co-founder and vocalist of the band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs along with Flavio Cianciarulo . He was part of the group since its creation in 1984 to the year 2001 , when he began a solo career as a singer . He lives with his wife , actress Valeria Bertuccelli , and their sons Florián and Vicente ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Parent_'Hood", "text": "The Parent 'Hood is an American sitcom television series that aired on The WB from January 18 , 1995 to July 25 , 1999 . The series starred Robert Townsend and Suzzanne Douglas . Originally to be titled Father Knows Nothing ( a parody of the title of the 1950s sitcom Father Knows Best ) , the series was one of the four sitcoms that aired as part of the original Wednesday-night two-hour lineup that helped launch The WB network ( along with The Wayans Bros. , Unhappily Ever After , and the short-lived Muscle ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ming_dynasty", "text": "The Ming dynasty ( /mɪŋ/ ) , officially the Great Ming , was the ruling dynasty of China from 1368 to 1644 following the collapse of the Mongol-led Yuan dynasty . The Ming dynasty was the last imperial dynasty of China ruled by Han Chinese . Although the primary capital of Beijing fell in 1644 to a rebellion led by Li Zicheng ( who established the Shun dynasty , soon replaced by the Manchu-led Qing dynasty ) , numerous rump regimes loyal to the Ming throne - collectively called the Southern Ming - survived until 1662 . [ d ] The Hongwu Emperor ( r. 1368-1398 ) attempted to create a society of self-sufficient rural communities ordered in a rigid , immobile system that would guarantee and support a permanent class of soldiers for his dynasty : the empire 's standing army exceeded one million troops and the navy 's dockyards in Nanjing were the largest in the world . He also took great care breaking the power of the court eunuchs and unrelated magnates , enfeoffing his many sons throughout China and attempting to guide these princes through the Huang-Ming Zuxun , a set of published dynastic instructions . This failed when his teenage successor , the Jianwen Emperor , attempted to curtail his uncles ' power , prompting the Jingnan Campaign , an uprising that placed the Prince of Yan upon the throne as the Yongle Emperor in 1402 . The Yongle Emperor established Yan as a secondary capital and renamed it Beijing , constructed the Forbidden City , and restored the Grand Canal and the primacy of the imperial examinations in official appointments . He rewarded his eunuch supporters and employed them as a counterweight against the Confucian scholar-bureaucrats . One , Zheng He , led seven enormous voyages of exploration into the Indian Ocean as far as Arabia and the eastern coasts of Africa . The rise of new emperors and new factions diminished such extravagances ; the capture of the Zhengtong Emperor during the 1449 Tumu Crisis ended them completely . The imperial navy was allowed to fall into disrepair while forced labor constructed the Liaodong palisade and connected and fortified the Great Wall of China into its modern form . Wide-ranging censuses of the entire empire were conducted decennially , but the desire to avoid labor and taxes and the difficulty of storing and reviewing the enormous archives at Nanjing hampered accurate figures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calgary_Flames", "text": "The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference . The club is the third major professional ice hockey team to represent the city of Calgary , following the Calgary Tigers ( 1921-1927 ) and Calgary Cowboys ( 1975-1977 ) . The Flames are one of two NHL franchises in Alberta ; the other is the Edmonton Oilers . The cities ' proximity has led to a rivalry known as the Battle of Alberta . The team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta as the Atlanta Flames until relocating to Calgary in 1980 . The Flames played their first three seasons in Calgary at the Stampede Corral before moving into their current home arena , the Scotiabank Saddledome ( originally known as the Olympic Saddledome ) , in 1983 . In 1985-86 , the Flames became the first Calgary team since the 1923-24 Tigers to compete for the Stanley Cup . In 1988-89 , the Flames won their first and only championship . The Flames ' unexpected run to the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals gave rise to the Red Mile , and in 2011 the team hosted and won the second Heritage Classic outdoor game . The Flames have won two Presidents ' Trophies as the NHL 's top regular season team , and have claimed seven division championships . Individually , Jarome Iginla is the franchise leader in games played , goals and points and is a two-time winner of the Maurice Rocket Richard Trophy as the NHL 's leading goal scorer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Don_Carlos", "text": "Don Carlos is a five-act grand opera composed by Giuseppe Verdi to a French-language libretto by Joseph Méry and Camille du Locle , based on the dramatic play Don Carlos , Infant von Spanien ( Don Carlos , Infante of Spain ) by Friedrich Schiller . In addition , it has been noted by David Kimball that the Fontainebleau scene and auto-da-fé were the most substantial of several incidents borrowed from a contemporary play on Philip II by Eugène Cormon . The opera is most often performed in Italian translation , usually under the title Don Carlo . The opera 's story is based on conflicts in the life of Carlos , Prince of Asturias ( 1545-1568 ) . Though he was betrothed to Elisabeth of Valois , part of the peace treaty ending the Italian War of 1551-59 between the Houses of Habsburg and Valois demanded that she be married instead to his father Philip II of Spain . It was commissioned and produced by the Théâtre Impérial de l'Opéra ( Paris Opera ) and given its premiere at the Salle Le Peletier on 11 March 1867 . The first performance in Italian was given at Covent Garden in London in June 1867 . The first Italian version given in Italy was in Bologna in October 1867 . Revised again by Verdi , it was given in Naples in November/December 1872 . Finally , two other versions were prepared : the first was seen in Milan in January 1884 ( in which the four acts were based on some original French text which was then translated ) . That is now known as the Milan version , while the second - also sanctioned by the composer - became the Modena version and was presented in that city in December 1886 . It restored the Fontainebleau first act to the Milan four-act version ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WPA_World_Nine-ball_Championship", "text": "The WPA World Nine-ball Championship is an annual , international , professional nine-ball pool ( pocket billiards ) tournament , founded in 1990 , sanctioned by the World Pool-Billiard Association ( WPA ) , and principally sponsored and organised by Matchroom Sport ( who provide the event 's official website , under the less specific name World Pool Championship ) . It is divided into men 's , women 's and wheelchair Divisions . Since 2010 , it is held in Doha , Qatar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lights_(musician)", "text": "Lights Poxleitner-Bokan ( born Valerie Anne Poxleitner ; April 11 , 1987 ) , known mononymously as Lights ( previously stylised as LIGHTS ) , is a Canadian musician , singer , songwriter , author , and illustrator . She is known for her gold-certified albums The Listening and Siberia as well as singles Drive My Soul , February Air , Ice , Second Go , Toes , and Up We Go . She released her fourth studio album , Skin & Earth , in 2017 accompanied by a graphic novel of the same name . Lights was awarded the 2009 Juno Award for New Artist of the Year . and two 2009 Astral Media Radio awards during Canadian Music Week ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2008 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad ( Chinese : 第二十九届夏季奥林匹克运动会 ; pinyin : Dì Èrshíjiǔ Jiè Xiàjì Àolínpǐkè Yùndònghuì ) and commonly known as Beijing 2008 , was an international multi-sport event that was held from 8 to 24 August 2008 in Beijing , China . [ b ] A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) competed in 28 sports and 302 events ( one event more than those scheduled for the 2004 Summer Olympics ) . This was the first time that China had hosted the Summer Olympics , but the third time that the Games had been held in East Asia , following the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and the Seoul 1988 Summer Olympics . These were the second summer Olympic Games staged in a Communist country , after the Moscow 1980 Summer Olympics and the third in a developing country after the Mexico City 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union and the first overall Olympics to be hosted by a Communist state since the former Yugoslavia hosted the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo . Beijing was awarded the 2008 Games over four competitors on 13 July 2001 , having won a majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) after two rounds of voting . The Government of the People 's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transport systems . A total of 37 venues were used to host the events , including twelve constructed specifically for the 2008 Olympics . The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong , making this the third Olympics for which the events were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs . [ c ] The sailing events were contested in Qingdao , while the football events took place across several different cities . The official logo for the 2008 Games , titled Dancing Beijing , featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng ( 京 , means capital ) in reference to the host city . The Beijing Olympics was watched by 3,500,000,000 people worldwide and featured the longest distance for an Olympic Torch relay . The event sets numerous world and Olympics records in the history of sports , and is also the most expensive Summer Olympics of all time and second-most expensive overall , after the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nokia", "text": "Nokia Corporation ( natively Nokia Oyj , referred to as Nokia ; Finnish : [ ˈnokiɑ ] , UK : /ˈnɒkiə/ , US : /ˈnoʊkiə/ ) is a Finnish multinational telecommunications , information technology , and consumer electronics company , founded in 1865 . Nokia 's headquarters are in Espoo , in the greater Helsinki metropolitan area . In 2018 , Nokia employed approximately 103,000 people across over 100 countries , did business in more than 130 countries , and reported annual revenues of around €23 billion . Nokia is a public limited company listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange . It is the world 's 415th-largest company measured by 2016 revenues according to the Fortune Global 500 , having peaked at 85th place in 2009 . It is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index . The company has operated in various industries over the past 150 years . It was founded as a pulp mill and had long been associated with rubber and cables , but since the 1990s has focused on large-scale telecommunications infrastructures , technology development , and licensing . Nokia is a major contributor to the mobile telephony industry , having assisted in the development of the GSM , 3G and LTE standards ( and currently in 5G ) , and was once the largest worldwide vendor of mobile phones and smartphones . After a partnership with Microsoft and subsequent market struggles , its mobile phone business was bought by Microsoft , creating Microsoft Mobile as its successor in 2014 . After the sale , Nokia began to focus more extensively on its telecommunications infrastructure business and on Internet of things technologies , marked by the divestiture of its Here mapping division and the acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent , including its Bell Labs research organization . The company then also experimented with virtual reality and digital health , the latter through the purchase of Withings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grammy_Awards_of_1999", "text": "The 41st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24 , 1999 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1998 . Lauryn Hill was the main recipient , winning a total of 5 awards including Album of the Year and Best New Artist . Her album was the first hip hop act ever to win the coveted award . The ceremony was known as the Grammy Year of Women , because every artist nominated for Album of the Year was female ( including Garbage , with Shirley Manson as the lead singer ) . Madonna won four awards and opened the show with her performance of Nothing Really Matters while musicians the Dixie Chicks , Vince Gill , Alanis Morissette and Shania Twain won two apiece . Celine Dion also received two awards both for My Heart Will Go On , which received a total of four awards . It is widely remembered for Ricky Martin 's performance of La Copa De La Vida/ The Cup of Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Opera_House", "text": "The Royal Opera House ( ROH ) is an opera house and major performing arts venue in Covent Garden , central London . The large building is often referred to as simply Covent Garden , after a previous use of the site of the opera house 's original construction in 1732 . It is the home of The Royal Opera , The Royal Ballet , and the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House . Originally called the Theatre Royal , it served primarily as a playhouse for the first hundred years of its history . In 1734 , the first ballet was presented . A year later , Handel 's first season of operas began . Many of his operas and oratorios were specifically written for Covent Garden and had their premieres there . The current building is the third theatre on the site following disastrous fires in 1808 and 1856 . The façade , foyer , and auditorium date from 1858 , but almost every other element of the present complex dates from an extensive reconstruction in the 1990s . The main auditorium seats 2,256 people , making it the third largest in London , and consists of four tiers of boxes and balconies and the amphitheatre gallery . The proscenium is 12.20 m wide and 14.80 m high . The main auditorium is a Grade I listed building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jay-R", "text": "Gaudencio Sillona III ( born February 1 , 1981 ) , known professionally as Jay R , is a Filipino American singer-songwriter , actor , record producer and model . In 2003 , he released his debut album , Gameface , under Universal Records . The album was certified Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry ( PARI ) , receiving numerous awards and earning him the number one single , Bakit Pa Ba . Jay R was dubbed as R & B Prince in his early career and was often partnered with Kyla ( then known as the R & B Princess ) . Collectively known to their fans as JayLa , they are known in the music industry as the R & B Royalties ( R & B King and Queen , respectively ) . In 2006 , he built a recording studio inside his mansion , followed by a recording label called JAYRS Music . He later renamed it as Homeworkz Records . In the same year , he released a Christmas album , Christmas Away from Home , and dedicated it to his late uncle Reny . The album was re-released in 2008 , where he donated the proceeds from the sales to GMA Kapuso Foundation . Also in 2008 , he released a cover album , Soul in Love , which became his highest-rated and biggest-selling album . He made his big screen debut in the 2004 feature film Happy Together , and later , released his self-titled second album in 2005 . He released an all-Tagalog album early in 2010 , Jay R Sings OPM Love Classics , which consists of revivals of Original Pilipino Music love songs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sertãozinho", "text": "Sertãozinho is a Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo . The population in 2005 was about 120,152 . Its area is 403 km² . The municipality consists of Sertãozinho city and two districts : Cruz das Posses and Vila Garcia . Sertãozinho is 325 km from São Paulo and 702 km from Brasília ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Branford,_Connecticut", "text": "Branford is a shoreline town located on Long Island Sound in New Haven County , Connecticut , 8 miles ( 13 km ) east of New Haven . The population was 28,026 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huamboya_Canton", "text": "Huamboya Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Morona-Santiago Province . Its capital is the town of Huamboya . Its population at the 2001 census was 5,965 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sydney,_Australia", "text": "Sydney ( /ˈsɪdni/ ( listen ) SID-nee ) is the state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania . Located on Australia 's east coast , the metropolis surrounds Port Jackson and extends about 70 km ( 43.5 mi ) on its periphery towards the Blue Mountains to the west , Hawkesbury to the north , the Royal National Park to the south and Macarthur to the south-west . Sydney is made up of 658 suburbs , 40 local government areas and 15 contiguous regions . Residents of the city are known as Sydneysiders . As of June 2017 , Sydney 's estimated metropolitan population was 5,230,330 and is home to approximately 65% of the state 's population . Indigenous Australians have inhabited the Sydney area for at least 30,000 years , and thousands of engravings remain throughout the region , making it one of the richest in Australia in terms of Aboriginal archaeological sites . During his first Pacific voyage in 1770 , Lieutenant James Cook and his crew became the first Europeans to chart the eastern coast of Australia , making landfall at Botany Bay and inspiring British interest in the area . In 1788 , the First Fleet of convicts , led by Arthur Phillip , founded Sydney as a British penal colony , the first European settlement in Australia . Phillip named the city Sydney in recognition of Thomas Townshend , 1st Viscount Sydney . Penal transportation to New South Wales ended soon after Sydney was incorporated as a city in 1842 . A gold rush occurred in the colony in 1851 , and over the next century , Sydney transformed from a colonial outpost into a major global cultural and economic centre . After World War II , it experienced mass migration and became one of the most multicultural cities in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Bailey_(Massachusetts)", "text": "John Bailey ( 1786 - June 26 , 1835 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts . Born in Stoughton , Massachusetts ( in that part of Stoughton which later became Canton ) . Bailey graduated from Brown University in 1807 . Bailey worked as a tutor and librarian in Providence , Rhode Island from 1807 until 1814 . Bailey was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives and served from 1814 to 1817 ; he served as a clerk in the Department of State in Washington , D.C. from 1817 until 1823 . Bailey was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1816 . Bailey presented credentials as a Member-elect to the Eighteenth Congress , but his election was contested on residency requirements . A House resolution on March 18 , 1824 declared he was not entitled to the seat . Upon returning to Canton , Bailey was elected as an Adams-Clay Republican ; his subsequent re-elections allowed him to serve the Nineteenth and Twentieth Congresses . During his tenure Bailey chaired the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of State . Bailey ran as an Anti-Jacksonian in the Twenty-first Congress but was not a candidate for renomination in 1830 . He was a member of the Massachusetts State senate , 1831-1834 , and ran as the unsuccessful Anti-Masonic candidate for Governor of Massachusetts in 1834 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennessee_Tuxedo", "text": "Tennessee Tuxedo and His Tales is an animated cartoon TV series that originally aired on CBS from 1963 to 1966 . It was produced by Total Television , the same company that produced the earlier King Leonardo and the later Underdog , and primarily sponsored by General Mills . ( Tennessee Tuxedo debuted on CBS on the same day that King Leonardo last ran on NBC . ) The title is a play on the tuxedo dinner jacket worn as formal wear . New short episodes were created for YouTube in 2014 by Chuck Gammage Animation in Toronto , and Cartoon Lagoon Studios in New York . Sponsored by Trix cereal , they resided on sillychannel.com . They feature the voice talent of Chris Phillips , Robb Pruitt and Ashley Albert ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Indiana_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Indiana Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Indiana in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is independently conducted and produced by Sanders & Associates based in Buckhannon , West Virginia . Indiana had a slow start at Miss Teen USA , and did not place until 1991 . That placement became the first of a four-year streak , which included three semi-finalist and one 1st runner-up placings . Six Indiana teens have gone on to win the Miss Indiana USA crown , more than most other states . The most successful of these , Kelly Lloyd , who achieved Indiana 's highest ever Miss Teen USA placement also went on to earn one of Miss Indiana USA 's highest placements in 2002 . Even more notable , Lloyd was a Triple Crown winner . Jinnie Tomes of Indianapolis was crowned Miss Indiana Teen USA 2020 on November 24 , 2019 at Grand Wayne Convention Center in Fort Wayne . She will represent Indiana for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana", "text": "Baton Rouge ( /ˌbætən ˈruːʒ/ BAT-ən ROOZH ; from French , meaning 'red stick ' ) is the capital of the U.S. state of Louisiana . Located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River , it is the parish seat of East Baton Rouge Parish , the most populous parish in Louisiana . It is the 99th most populous city in the United States , and second-largest city in Louisiana after New Orleans . It is also the 16th most populous state capital . As of the U.S. Census Bureau 's July 2018 estimate , Baton Rouge had a population of 221,599 , down from 229,493 at the 2010 census . Baton Rouge is the center of Greater Baton Rouge , the second-largest metropolitan area in Louisiana , with a population of 834,159 as of 2017 , up from 802,484 in 2010 and 829,719 in 2015 . The city of Baton Rouge is a major industrial , petrochemical , medical , research , motion picture , and growing technology center of the American South . It is the location of Louisiana State University , the LSU System 's flagship university and the largest institution of higher education in the state . It is also the location of Southern University , the flagship institution of the Southern University System , the only historically black college system in the nation . The Port of Greater Baton Rouge is the 10th-largest in the United States in terms of tonnage shipped , and is the farthest upstream Mississippi River port capable of handling Panamax ships . This , as well as its status as a major port city , is largely due to the Huey P. Long - O.K . Allen Bridge , which was intentionally constructed under the governorship of Huey Long at a low height , preventing big tankers from making their way up-river , past Baton Rouge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estádio_Prof._Dr._José_Vieira_de_Carvalho", "text": "The national team played one match in this stadium , in 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/He-Man_and_the_Masters_of_the_Universe_(2002_TV_series)", "text": "Masters of the Universe vs . The Snakemen [ a ] is an American-Canadian animated television series . Developed for television by Michael Halperin , who created the original series , it was animated by Mike Young Productions . It served as an update of the 1980s Filmation series He-Man and the Masters of the Universe , produced to coincide with Mattel 's revival of the Masters of the Universe franchise eleven years after its previous attempt . The series ran on Cartoon Network 's Toonami programming block between August 16 , 2002 and January 10 , 2004 . Unlike the previous He-Man series , set on the futuristic planet of Primus , this version sought to return to the roots of the storyline and provide broader explorations never reached in the first series , including origins for each character , and some first time animated debuts of familiar toyline faces . The series also brought back several writers from the original series , such as Larry DiTillio . The series has been noted for similarities it shares with He-Man and the Masters of the Universe Filmation series ; for example , it has an homage intro to the Filmation series ' intro speech , but in this version , teenager Prince Adam is interrupted by an explosion and invasion by Skeletor and his henchmen . Prince Adam transforms into He-Man when he says By the power of Grayskull . I have the power ! ( later episodes feature a chorus singing He-Man 's name during the scene change ) . It also features scene change sequences , but only the one involving the Sword of Power was taken from the Filmation series ; all the others were created for this series , and the sequences occur less frequently than on the previous series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fast_Five", "text": "Fast Five ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 5 or Fast & Furious 5 : Rio Heist ) is a 2011 American heist action film directed by Justin Lin and written by Chris Morgan . A sequel to 2009 's Fast & Furious , it is the fifth installment in The Fast Saga franchise and stars Vin Diesel , Paul Walker , Jordana Brewster , Tyrese Gibson , Chris Ludacris Bridges , Matt Schulze , Sung Kang , Dwayne Johnson and Joaquim de Almeida . Fast Five follows Dominic Toretto ( Diesel ) , Brian O'Conner ( Walker ) and Mia Toretto ( Brewster ) as they plan a heist to steal $ 100 million from corrupt businessman Hernan Reyes ( de Almeida ) while being pursued for arrest by U.S . Diplomatic Security Service ( DSS ) agent Luke Hobbs ( Johnson ) . While developing Fast Five , Universal Studios deliberately departed from the street racing theme prevalent in previous films in the series , to transform the franchise into a heist action series involving cars . By doing so , they hoped to attract wider audiences that might otherwise be put off by a heavy emphasis on cars and car culture . Fast Five is considered the transitional film in the series , featuring only one car race and giving more attention to action set pieces such as gun fights , brawls and the heist of $ 100 million . The production mounted a comprehensive marketing campaign , marketing the film through social media , virtual games , cinema chains , automobile manufacturers and at NASCAR races . Fast Five was released first in Australia on April 20 , 2011 , and then in the United States on April 29 , 2011 . The film achieved financial success , breaking box office records for the highest-grossing April opening weekend and the second-highest spring opening weekend , and surpassing Fast & Furious to become the highest-grossing film in the franchise . Fast Five grossed over $ 625 million worldwide , making it number 66 on the all-time worldwide list of highest-grossing films , in unadjusted dollars , and the seventh-highest-grossing film of 2011 . Fast Five received mostly positive reviews , with critics praising the combination of comedy and action sequences that toy idly with the laws of physics ; some labeled it the best film in the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tirhuta", "text": "Tirhuta or Mithilakshar is the script used for Sanskrit & Maithili language . The script has a rich history spanning a thousand years , believed to be originated in the 10th century CE , but years of neglect by the Bihar government have taken their toll on the use of Tirhuta . It is similar to Assamese script and Bengali script . Most speakers of Maithili have switched to using the Devanagari script , which is also used to write neighboring Central Indic languages to the west such as such as Hindi . As a result , the number of people with a working knowledge of Tirhuta has dropped considerably in recent years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Louisiana_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Louisiana Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Louisiana in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Louisiana is in the top 10 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Notable former Miss Louisiana Teen USA titleholders are Miss USA 1996 Ali Landry , Miss Teen USA 2004 Shelley Hennig , Miss Teen USA 2015 Katherine Haik , and Jennifer Dupont , who placed first runner-up at Miss America 2005 . Landry and Hennig have gone on to successful acting careers . Candice Stewart , Miss Louisiana Teen USA 2002 was a contestant on CBS 's Big Brother 15 in 2013 . At 15 , Haik is the youngest woman to win the Miss Teen USA title . Miss Louisiana Teen USA is produced by RPM Productions since 1990 , which also produces the Miss USA and Miss Teen USA state pageants for Alabama , North Carolina and South Carolina . Sydney Taylor of Livingston was crowned Miss Louisiana Teen USA 2020 on October 19 , 2019 at Lafon Performing Arts Center in Luling . She will represent Louisiana for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 on the spring of 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1941–42_Toronto_Maple_Leafs_season", "text": "The 1941-42 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the club 's 25th season in the NHL . The Maple Leafs came off a very solid season in 1940-41 , finishing with their second highest point total in club history , as they had a 28-14-6 record , earning 62 points , which was two fewer than the 1934-35 team accumulated ; however , they lost to the Boston Bruins in the semifinals , extending their Stanley Cup drought to nine seasons . That drought was broken , however , when the Maple Leafs defeated the Detroit Red Wings in the 1942 Stanley Cup Finals , coming back from a 3-0 series deficit to win the Stanley Cup 4 games to 3 . They were the first sports team to come back from 0-3 to win a playoff series 4-3 ; though it has happened in the postseason four times since then ( 1975 New York Islanders , 2004 MLB Boston Red Sox , 2010 Philadelphia Flyers and the 2014 Los Angeles Kings ) , this remains the only time it has happened in the championship round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacksonville,_Florida", "text": "Jacksonville is the most populous city in Florida as well as the southeastern United States , and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . It is the seat of Duval County , with which the city government consolidated in 1968 . Consolidation gave Jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits . As of 2018 , Jacksonville 's population was estimated to be 903,889 . The Jacksonville metropolitan area has a population of 1,523,615 and is the fourth largest metropolitan area in Florida . Jacksonville is centered on the banks of the St. Johns River in the First Coast region of northeast Florida , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the Georgia state line and 328 miles ( 528 km ) north of Miami . The Jacksonville Beaches communities are along the adjacent Atlantic coast . The area was originally inhabited by the Timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the French colony of Fort Caroline , one of the earliest European settlements in what is now the continental United States . Under British rule , a settlement grew at the narrow point in the river where cattle crossed , known as Wacca Pilatka to the Seminole and the Cow Ford to the British . A platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the United States gained Florida from Spain ; it was named after Andrew Jackson , the first military governor of the Florida Territory and seventh President of the United States . Harbor improvements since the late 19th century have made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port . Its riverine location facilitates Naval Station Mayport , Naval Air Station Jacksonville , the U.S. Marine Corps Blount Island Command , and the Port of Jacksonville , Florida 's third largest seaport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ipoh", "text": "Ipoh ( /ˈiːpoʊ/ ) is the capital city of the Malaysian state of Perak . Located by the Kinta River , it is nearly 180 km ( 110 mi ) north of Kuala Lumpur and 123 km ( 76 mi ) southeast of George Town in neighbouring Penang . As of 2010 [ update ] , Ipoh contained a population of 657,892 , making it the third largest city in Malaysia by population . Originally a village , Ipoh began to grow rapidly in the 1880s after huge deposits of tin were discovered within its vicinity . By 1895 , it was the second largest town within the Federated Malay States , which also consisted of Selangor , Negeri Sembilan and Pahang . Ipoh was declared a city in 1988 . However , following the depletion of its tin deposits and the collapse of tin prices in the 1970s , the city suffered decades of decline and neglect . In recent years , Ipoh 's popularity as a tourist destination has been significantly boosted by efforts to conserve its British colonial-era architecture . The city is also well known for its cuisine and natural attractions , such as its limestone hills and caves within which Buddhist temples were built . In addition , Ipoh has managed to maintain its reputation as one of the cleanest cities in Malaysia . Ipoh 's location between Kuala Lumpur and George Town has made it a major land transportation hub within West Malaysia , with both the Malayan Railway 's West Coast Line and the North-South Expressway cutting through the city . Aside from the land transportation links , Ipoh is also served by the Sultan Azlan Shah Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Galliton_Harrison", "text": "Albert Galliton Harrison ( June 26 , 1800 - September 7 , 1839 ) was a three-term United States Representative from Missouri . Born in Mount Sterling , Kentucky , Harrison graduated from Transylvania University , Lexington , Kentucky , in 1820 . He was then admitted to the bar and began his law practice in Mount Sterling . Seven years later , he moved to Fulton , Missouri . Harrison served as member of the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1828 , and from 1829 to 1835 was a member of the commission to settle land titles growing out of Spanish grants . In 1832 , he was elected as a Jacksonian Democratic Representative to the Twenty-fourth Congress ( March 4 , 1835 - March 3 , 1837 ) . Harrison was re-elected as a Democratic Representative to the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Congresses ( March 4 , 1837 - September 7 , 1839 ) . Albert G. Harrison died six months into his third term in Fulton , Missouri at the age of 39 in 1839 . His remains were interred in the Congressional Cemetery , Washington , D.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gavin_Degraw", "text": "Gavin Shane DeGraw ( born February 4 , 1977 ) is an American singer-songwriter . He rose to fame with the single I Do n't Want to Be from his debut album Chariot ( 2003 ) ; the song became the theme song for the television drama series One Tree Hill . Other notable singles from his debut album Chariot and Follow Through . His second album , Gavin DeGraw , was released in 2008 and included the top-20 single In Love with a Girl . In 2009 , DeGraw released his third album , Free . His fourth album , Sweeter ( 2011 ) , spawned the hit single Not Over You along with Soldier and Sweeter . In 2013 , DeGraw released Make a Move , and Something Worth Saving followed in September 2016 . DeGraw 's duet with Colbie Caillat on We Both Know for the 2013 film Safe Haven received a Grammy Award nomination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosenza", "text": "Cosenza ( /koʊˈzɛntsə/ koh-ZENT-sə , Italian : [ koˈzɛntsa ] ( listen ) ; Cosentian : Cusenze [ kuˈsɛndzə ] ) is a city in Calabria , Italy . The city centre has a population of approximately 70,000 , while the urban area counts around 250,000 inhabitants . It is the capital of the Province of Cosenza . The demonym of Cosenza in English is Cosentian . The ancient town is the seat of the Cosentian Academy , one of the oldest academies of philosophical and literary studies in Italy and Europe . To this day , the city remains a cultural hub , with museums , theatres , libraries , and the University of Calabria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WWTI-TV", "text": "WWTI , virtual channel 50 ( UHF digital channel 31 ) , is a dual ABC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Watertown , New York , United States and serving Upstate New York 's North Country . The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group . WWTI 's studios are located at Stateway Plaza ( with an Arsenal Street/NY 3 postal address ) in the town of Watertown , and its transmitter is located on Hayes Road in Copenhagen ( a village of Denmark ) . On cable , the station is available on Charter Spectrum channel 5 and in high definition on digital channel 889 . Although identifying as a separate station in its own right , WWTI is considered a semi-satellite of WSYR-TV ( channel 9 ) in Syracuse . WWTI 's master control , as well as some internal operations , are based at WSYR 's studios on Bridge Street in East Syracuse ( a village of DeWitt ) . WWTI clears all network programming as provided by its parent , simulcasts most of WSYR 's newscasts and airs some of its syndicated programming ( albeit at different times ) . There are some programs that only air on WWTI while some are only seen on WSYR . WWTI also airs separate station identifications and commercial inserts , and has its own website ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hammond,_Louisiana", "text": "Hammond is the largest city in Tangipahoa Parish , Louisiana , United States , located 45 miles ( 72 km ) east of Baton Rouge and 45 miles ( 72 km ) northwest of New Orleans . Its population was 20,019 in the 2010 census . Hammond is home to Southeastern Louisiana University and is the principal city of the Hammond Metropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Tangipahoa Parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moscow", "text": "Moscow ( /ˈmɒskoʊ/ , in US mainly : /ˈmɒskaʊ/ ; Russian : Москва , tr . Moskva , IPA : [ mɐˈskva ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with approximately 12.6 million residents within the city limits , 17 million within the urban area and 20 million within the metropolitan area . Moscow is one of Russia 's federal cities . Moscow is a major political , economic , cultural , and scientific centre of Russia and Eastern Europe . It is the second-most populous city in Europe , the most populous city entirely within Europe , as well as the largest city ( by area ) on the European continent . By broader definitions , Moscow is among the world 's largest cities , being the 24th largest metropolitan area , the 16th largest urban area , and the 10th largest by population within city limits worldwide . Moscow has been ranked as the ninth most expensive city in the world and has one of the world 's largest urban economies , being ranked as an alpha global city , and is also one of the fastest growing tourist destinations in the world . Moscow is home to the third-highest number of billionaires of any city in the world , and has the highest number of billionaires of any city in Europe . Moscow is the northernmost and coldest megacity on the Earth . It is home to the Ostankino Tower , the tallest free standing structure in Europe ; the Federation Tower , the second-tallest skyscraper in Europe ; and the Moscow International Business Center . Moscow is the largest city on the European continent by area . Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia , it is well known for its architecture , particularly its historic buildings such as Saint Basil 's Cathedral in Russian architectural style with a richly decorated and multicolored facade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/From_Beyond_(film)", "text": "From Beyond is a 1986 American science-fiction body horror film directed by Stuart Gordon , loosely based on the short story of the same name by H. P. Lovecraft . It was written by Dennis Paoli , Gordon and Brian Yuzna , and stars Jeffrey Combs , Barbara Crampton , Ken Foree and Ted Sorel . From Beyond centers on a pair of scientists attempting to stimulate the pineal gland with a device called the Resonator . An unforeseen result of their experiments is the ability to perceive creatures from another dimension that proceed to drag the head scientist into their world , returning him as a grotesque shapeshifting monster that preys upon the others at the laboratory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erice", "text": "Erice ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈɛːritʃe ] ; Sicilian : Èrici ) is a historic town and comune in the province of Trapani in Sicily , southern Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhineland", "text": "The Rhineland ( German : Rheinland , French : Rhénanie , Dutch : Rijnland , Latinised name : Rhenania ) is the name used for a loosely defined area of Western Germany along the Rhine , chiefly its middle section ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhine", "text": "The Rhine ( Latin : Rhenus , Romansh : Rein , German : Rhein , French : le Rhin , Italian : Reno , Dutch : Rijn , Alemannic German : Rhi ( n ) including Alsatian ) is one of the major European rivers , which has its sources in Switzerland and flows in a mostly northerly direction through Germany and the Netherlands , emptying into the North Sea . The river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps , forms part of the Swiss-Liechtenstein , Swiss-Austrian , Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border , then flows through the German Rhineland and the Netherlands and eventually empties into the North Sea . The largest city on the Rhine is Cologne , Germany , with a population of more than 1,050,000 people . It is the second-longest river in Central and Western Europe ( after the Danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 1 ] [ note 2 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . The Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern inland frontier of the Roman Empire and , since those days , the Rhine has been a vital and navigable waterway carrying trade and goods deep inland . Its importance as a waterway in the Holy Roman Empire is supported by the many castles and fortifications built along it . In the modern era , it has become a symbol of German nationalism . Among the biggest and most important cities on the Rhine are Cologne , Düsseldorf , Rotterdam , Strasbourg and Basel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Quwa_Al-Jawiya", "text": "Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya ( Arabic : نادي القوة الجوية الرياضي , lit . 'Air Force Athletic Club ' ) is an Iraqi football club based in Rusafa District , Baghdad that competes in the Iraqi Premier League , the top-flight of Iraqi football . Founded in 1931 , it is the oldest existing football club in Iraq . It is also one of Iraq 's most successful clubs , having won six Iraqi Premier League titles , the most recent being in the 2016-17 season . The club has won four Iraq FA Cups as well as a joint-record three Iraqi Elite Cups and two Iraqi Super Cups , adding to the six Iraqi Central Leagues and one Iraqi Central FA Cup that it won before 1974 when domestic competitions were played at a regional level . It is also the first of only two clubs to win all four of the aforementioned national trophies ( League , FA Cup , Elite Cup , Super Cup ) in the same season ( the 1996-97 season ) . On the continental level , Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya became the first club to win the AFC Cup three times in a row when they triumphed in 2016 , 2017 and 2018 . The Falcons have participated in the AFC Champions League four times since its foundation in 2002 , but failed to advance past the group stage , and the furthest they have reached in the Arab Club Champions Cup is the quarter-final in the 2012-13 edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CNOOC", "text": "China National Offshore Oil Corporation , or CNOOC Group ( Chinese : 中国海洋石油总公司 Pinyin : Zhōngguó Háiyáng Shíyóu Zǒnggōngsī ) , is one of the largest national oil companies in China . It is the third-largest national oil company in the People 's Republic of China , after CNPC ( parent of PetroChina ) and China Petrochemical Corporation ( parent of Sinopec ) . [ citation needed ] The CNOOC Group focuses on the exploitation , exploration and development of crude oil and natural gas in offshore China , along with its subsidiary COOEC . The company is owned by the government of the People 's Republic of China , and the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council ( SASAC ) assumes shareholder rights and obligations on the government 's behalf . One subsidiary , CNOOC Limited , is listed on the Hong Kong exchange ; the other , China Oilfield Services , is listed on the Hong Kong and New York exchanges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Entre_Ríos", "text": "The Republic of Entre Ríos was a short-lived republic in South America in the early nineteenth century . Comprising approximately 166,980 km2 ( 64,470 sq mi ) of what are today the Argentine provinces of Entre Ríos and Corrientes , the country was founded in 1820 by the caudillo General Francisco Ramírez ( who styled himself jefe supremo , supreme chief ) and lasted only one year . On September 28 , 1821 , Lucio Norberto Mansilla was elected Governor of the Province of Entre Rios , and the Republic was subsequently dissolved . In spite of the Republic in its title , Ramirez never really intended to declare an independent Entre Rios . Rather , he was making a political statement in opposition to the monarchist and centralist ideas that back then permeated Buenos Aires ' politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estes_Park,_Colorado", "text": "Estes Park /ˈɛstɪs/ is a statutory town in Larimer County , Colorado , United States . A popular summer resort and the location of the headquarters for Rocky Mountain National Park , Estes Park lies along the Big Thompson River . Estes Park had a population of 5,858 at the 2010 census . Landmarks include The Stanley Hotel and The Baldpate Inn . The town overlooks Lake Estes and Olympus Dam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cyclo-cross_Koppenberg", "text": "The Cyclo-cross Koppenberg is a cyclo-cross race held in Oudenaarde , Belgium , which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy ( previously called Cyclo-cross Gazet van Antwerpen ) . The cyclo-cross race uses the Koppenberg climb that has been used many times in the Belgian Classic the Tour of Flanders . This is a very steep and cobbled climb that is part of the course of which the riders do eight laps . Fifteen thousand spectators were reported to have watched the 2006 edition of the event which was won by Belgian Sven Nys ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lulu_(singer)", "text": "Lulu Kennedy-Cairns , OBE ( born Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie ; 3 November 1948 ) is a Scottish singer-songwriter , actress , TV personality and businesswoman . She is noted for her powerful singing voice . She is internationally known , but especially by UK audiences in the 1960s . Later in her career she had hits internationally with To Sir with Love from the 1967 film of the same name and with the title song to the 1974 James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun . In European countries , she is also widely known for her Eurovision Song Contest 1969 winning entry Boom Bang-a-Bang , and in the UK for her 1964 hit Shout , which was performed at the closing ceremony of the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada_at_the_1988_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Canada was the host nation for the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary . It was the first time that Canada had hosted the Winter Olympic Games , and second time overall , after the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal . Vancouver would eventually host the 2010 Winter Olympics which makes it the second city in Canada to host the Winter Olympics and the third overall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_McDonald_(musician)", "text": "Paul McDonald ( born William Paul McDonald ) is an American singer-songwriter from Huntsville , Alabama , who as of 2011 , resides in Nashville , Tennessee . McDonald placed 8th on the tenth season of American Idol and since 2005 , he has been the lead singer of the band Hightide Blues , renamed The Grand Magnolias in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeffersonville,_Georgia", "text": "The city of Jeffersonville is the largest city and county seat of Twiggs County , Georgia , United States . The population was 1,035 at the 2010 census , down from 1,209 in 2000 . Jeffersonville is part of the Macon Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMW_in_Formula_One", "text": "BMW has been involved in Formula One in a number of capacities since the inauguration of the World Drivers ' Championship in 1950 . The company entered occasional races in the 1950s and 1960s ( often under Formula Two regulations ) , before building the BMW M12/13 inline-four turbocharged engine in the 1980s . This engine was the result of a deal between BMW and Brabham , which resulted in the team 's chassis being powered by BMW engines from 1982 until 1987 , a period in which Nelson Piquet won the 1983 championship driving a Brabham BT52-BMW . BMW also supplied the M12/13 on a customer basis to the ATS , Arrows , Benetton and Ligier teams during this period , with various degrees of success . In 1988 , Brabham temporarily withdrew from the sport and BMW withdrew its official backing from the engines , which were still used by the Arrows team under the Megatron badge . Turbocharged engines were banned by the revised Formula One Technical Regulations for 1989 , rendering the M12/13 obsolete . BMW decided to return to Formula One in the late 1990s by signing an exclusive contract with the Williams team , which needed a new long-term engine supplier after the withdrawal of Renault in 1997 . The programme resulted in the creation of a new V10 engine which made its race début in the Williams FW22 in 2000 . The following year saw the partnership move from the midfield to challenging for race victories , but the desired championship remained elusive due to the dominance of Michael Schumacher and Ferrari in the first half of the 2000s . By 2005 , the relationship between BMW and Williams had deteriorated , and BMW chose to part company and buy the rival Sauber team outright . The BMW Sauber project lasted from 2006 until 2009 , and resulted in a substantial increase in competitiveness for the Swiss former privateer team . Two podium finishes in the first year were followed by a solid third in the Constructors ' Championship in 2007 ( which became second when McLaren was disqualified ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Qatar_ExxonMobil_Open", "text": "The 2006 Qatar Open , known as the 2006 Qatar ExxonMobil Open , for sponsorship reasons , was an ATP Tour men 's tennis tournament held in Doha , Qatar from 2 January until 7 January 2006 . First-seeded Roger Federer won the singles title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's Downhill competition of the Sarajevo 1984 Olympics was held at Jahorina on Thursday , February 16 . It was the tenth edition of the event , which was established in 1948 . The defending world champion was Gerry Sorensen of Canada , while Switzerland 's Doris De Agostini was the defending World Cup downhill champion and Switzerland 's Maria Walliser led the current season . Defending Olympic champion Annemarie Moser-Pröll and De Agostini had both retired from competition . The race was delayed five days , due to weather and scheduling conflicts . Switzerland 's Michela Figini won the gold medal , followed by teammate Walliser , and Olga Charvátová of Czechoslovakia was the bronze medalist . The course started at an elevation of 1,872 m ( 6,142 ft ) above sea level with a vertical drop of 547 m ( 1,795 ft ) and a length of 1.965 km ( 1.22 mi ) . Figini 's winning time was 73.36 seconds , yielding an average speed of 96.429 km/h ( 59.9 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 7.456 m/s ( 24.5 ft/s ) . The men 's downhill , delayed a full week , was run the same day at Bjelašnica , and started at noon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_South_Korean_films_of_2006", "text": "This is a complete list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2006 . Source for release dates and box-office admission results ( except where cited otherwise ) : Koreanfilm.org ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Croatia", "text": "Croatia ( /kroʊˈeɪʃə/ ( listen ) , kroh-AY-shə ; Croatian : Hrvatska , pronounced [ xř̩ʋaːtskaː ] ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Croatian : Republika Hrvatska , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ d ] is a country in Southeast Europe . It borders Slovenia to the northwest , Hungary to the northeast , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Montenegro to the southeast , sharing a maritime border with Italy . Its capital , Zagreb , forms one of the country 's primary subdivisions , along with twenty counties . Croatia has an area of 56,594 square kilometres ( 21,851 square miles ) and a population of 4.28 million , most of whom are Roman Catholics . Croatia has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Age . The Croats arrived in the area in the 6th century and organised the territory into two duchies by the 9th century . Croatia was first internationally recognized as an independent state on 7 June 879 during the reign of duke Branimir . Tomislav became the first king by 925 , elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom , which retained its sovereignty for nearly two centuries . During the succession crisis after the Trpimirović dynasty ended , Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102 . In 1527 , faced with Ottoman conquest , the Croatian Parliament elected Ferdinand I of Austria to the Croatian throne . In October 1918 , in the final days of World War I , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , independent from Austria-Hungary , was proclaimed in Zagreb , and in December 1918 it was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) . Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , most of the Croatian territory was incorporated into a Nazi-backed client-state , the Independent State of Croatia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Denmark_Region", "text": "The North Jutland Region ( Danish : Region Nordjylland ) , on one official website altered to North Denmark Region , is an administrative region of Denmark established on 1 January 2007 as part of the 2007 Danish Municipal Reform , which abolished the traditional counties ( amter ) and set up five larger regions . At the same time , smaller municipalities were merged into larger units , cutting the number of municipalities from 271 before 1 January 2006 , when Ærø Municipality was created , to 98 . North Jutland Region has 11 municipalities . The reform was implemented in Denmark on 1 January 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002–03_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2002-03 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 10 , 2002 , progressed through the regular season and conference tournaments , and concluded with the 2003 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament Championship Game on April 7 , 2003 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans , Louisiana . The Syracuse Orange and coach Jim Boeheim won their first NCAA national championship with an 81-78 victory over the Kansas Jayhawks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matam_Region", "text": "Matam is a region of Senegal ( regional capitals have the same name as their respective regions ) . It is a stark , flat , arid place bounded on the north by the Sénégal River and the south by the Sahelian plain studded with baobab trees . Matam is populated by the tall Pulaar-speaking Toucouleur people who brought Islam to Senegal in the 11th century and gave us the music of Baaba Maal in the 21st century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leksand", "text": "Leksand ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈlɛ̂kːsand ] ( listen ) ) is a locality and the seat of Leksand Municipality in Dalarna County , Sweden , with 5,934 inhabitants in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nickelodeon_(Australia)", "text": "Nickelodeon is an Australian children 's television channel operated by a joint venture of Foxtel Networks and ViacomCBS Networks UK & Australia . Being a version of the namesake television channel in the United States , the channel broadcasts Nickelodeon 's original series , as well as shows from third-party companies . The Australian version also offers a timeshift schedule to viewers in New Zealand since 1 December 2010 ; the New Zealand-specific version of Nickelodeon ceased broadcasting a day before ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Coast_Roller_Derby", "text": "Central Coast Roller Derby is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Paso Robles , California . Founded in 2006 , Central Coast Roller Derby is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eugene,_Oregon", "text": "Eugene ( /juːˈdʒiːn/ yoo-JEEN ) is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest . It is at the southern end of the verdant Willamette Valley , near the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette Rivers , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of the Oregon Coast . As of the 2010 census , Eugene had a population of 156,185 ; it is the county seat of Lane County and the state 's third most populous city after Portland and Salem , though recent state estimates suggest its population may have surpassed Salem 's . The Eugene-Springfield , Oregon metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) is the 146th largest metropolitan statistical area in the US and the third-largest in the state , behind the Portland Metropolitan Area and the Salem Metropolitan Area . The city 's population for 2018 was estimated to be 171,245 by the US Census . Eugene is home to the University of Oregon , Northwest Christian University , and Lane Community College . The city is also noted for its natural environment , recreational opportunities ( especially bicycling , running/jogging , rafting , and kayaking ) , and focus on the arts . Eugene 's official slogan is A Great City for the Arts and Outdoors . It is also referred to as the Emerald City and as Track Town , USA . The Nike corporation had its beginnings in Eugene . In 2021 , the city will host the 18th Track and Field World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/26th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 26th Indian Infantry Division , was an infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II . It fought in the Burma Campaign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Céu", "text": "Céu ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɛu ] ) , whose full name is Maria do Céu Whitaker Poças , ( born 17 April 1980 ) is a Brazilian singer-songwriter whose first American album was released on the Six Degrees Records label in April 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyrrell_Racing", "text": "The Tyrrell Racing Organisation was an auto racing team and Formula One constructor founded by Ken Tyrrell which started racing in 1958 and started building its own cars in 1970 . The team experienced its greatest success in the early 1970s , when it won three Drivers ' Championships and one Constructors ' Championship with Jackie Stewart . The team never reached such heights again , although it continued to win races through the 1970s and into the early 1980s , taking the final win for the Ford Cosworth DFV engine at Detroit in 1983 . The team was bought by British American Tobacco in 1997 and completed its final season as Tyrrell in 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atom_(text_editor)", "text": "Atom is a free and open-source text and source code editor for macOS , Linux , and Microsoft Windows with support for plug-ins written in Node.js , and embedded Git Control , developed by GitHub . Atom is a desktop application built using web technologies . Most of the extending packages have free software licenses and are community-built and maintained . Atom is based on Electron ( formerly known as Atom Shell ) , a framework that enables cross-platform desktop applications using Chromium and Node.js . It is written in CoffeeScript and Less . Atom was released from beta , as version 1.0 , on 25 June 2015 . Its developers call it a hackable text editor for the 21st Century . It is fully customizable in HTML , CSS , and JavaScript ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Smeep_Kang", "text": "Smeep Kang is a Punjabi actor , film producer and director . He graduated from Punjab University with a degree in Chemical Engineering . He is well known for directing the Punjabi comedy films Chak De Phatte ( 2008 ) , Carry On Jatta ( 2012 ) , Lucky Di Unlucky Story ( 2013 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newton_Leys", "text": "Newton Leys is a district that covers the southern tip of Bletchley ( a constituent town of Milton Keynes } and straddles the boundary of the Borough of Milton Keynes and Aylesbury Vale in Buckinghamshire . At the 2011 Census the population of the district was included in the civil parish of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford . The larger fraction of Newton Leys within Milton Keynes forms a part of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford civil parish and is separated from Central Bletchley , Water Eaton and the Lakes Estate by the West Coast Main Line . The remaining fraction of Newton Leys lies within the Aylesbury Vale district and forms a part of the Stoke Hammond civil parish , although the village of Stoke Hammond is situated on the other side of the A4146 Newton Leys within Milton Keynes is a brownfield development and within Aylesbury Vale is greenfield . The full district covers some 104 hectares ( 260 acres ) and comprises development land with housing for up to 1650 homes with employment areas , shops , a school , community facilities , new park , hotel , a care home and leisure facilities built on two former brickworks and farmland . The site is being developed by Taylor Wimpey . Houses have been built at the development by Taylor Wimpey South Midlands , Taylor Wimpey North Thames , Persimmon , and Bovis Homes Group . The development area sits next to a man-made lake created from the brick making industry , a claypit was flooded to form Jubilee Lake , which has since become known as Willow Lake . The lakes at Newton Leys form part of a sustainable drainage system/balancing lake system designed to manage excess water caused by heavy or prolonged rainfall . Jubilee Brooks runs through the centre of the development , which rises north of Drayton Parslow and flows through the settlement towards the West Coast Mainline passing through to the Lakes Estate where it joins with the Water Eaton Brook , eventually flowing into the River Ouzel . Newton Leys is bordered by the A4146 , the Bletchley Landfill Site operated by FCC Environment , Blue Lagoon Local Nature Reserve , Newton Longville and Stoke Hammond . The Oxford-Bletchley railway line runs along the northern border of the site , whilst the West Coast Main Line runs to the east of the site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Public_Radio", "text": "National Public Radio ( NPR , stylized as npr ) is a privately and publicly funded American non-profit membership media organization based in Washington , D.C. NPR differs from other non-profit membership media organizations , such as AP , in that it was established by an act of Congress and most of its member stations are owned by government entities ( often public universities ) . It serves as a national syndicator to a network of over 1,000 public radio stations in the United States . NPR produces and distributes news and cultural programming . The organization 's flagship shows are two drive-time news broadcasts , Morning Edition and the afternoon All Things Considered ; both are carried by most NPR member stations , and are among the most popular radio programs in the country . As of March 2018 [ update ] , the drive time programs attract an audience of 14.9 million and 14.7 million respectively . NPR manages the Public Radio Satellite System , which distributes NPR programs and other programming from independent producers and networks such as American Public Media and Public Radio International . Its content is also available on-demand online , on mobile networks , and , in many cases , as podcasts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerald_Stebleton", "text": "Gerald Stebelton is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 77th District from 2007 to 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Hampson", "text": "Thomas Walter Hampson ( born June 28 , 1955 ) is an American lyric baritone , a classical singer who has appeared world-wide in major opera houses and concert halls and made over 170 musical recordings . Hampson 's operatic repertoire spans a range of more than 80 roles , including the title roles in Mozart 's Don Giovanni , Rossini 's Guillaume Tell and The Barber of Seville , Ambroise Thomas ' Hamlet , and Tchaikovsky 's Eugene Onegin . The center of his Verdi repertoire remains Posa in Don Carlo , Germont in La traviata , the title roles in Macbeth and Simon Boccanegra , and more recently also Amfortas in Wagner 's Parsifal and Scarpia in Puccini 's Tosca . As a recitalist Hampson has won worldwide recognition for his thoughtfully researched and creatively constructed programs that explore the rich repertoire of song in a wide range of styles , languages , and periods . He is one of the most important interpreters of German Romantic song - especially known for his interpretations of the music of Gustav Mahler - and , with his Song of America project collaboration with the Library of Congress , has become known as the ambassador of American song . Hampson 's diverse and expansive discography has earned him an Edison Award for Lifetime Achievement , four Edison Awards , four Echo prizes , numerous VEB Deutsche Schallplatten , Gramophone Awards , and Grand Prix du Disque , as well as six Grammy Award nominations , and one Grammy Award . Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf once said of her student , [ Thomas Hampson is ] the best singer in Europe right now ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quincy,_Illinois", "text": "Quincy ( /ˈkwɪnsi/ KWIN-see ) , known as Illinois 's Gem City , is a city in and the county seat of Adams County , Illinois , United States , located on the Mississippi River . The 2010 census counted a population of 40,633 in the city itself , up from 40,366 in 2000 . As of July 1 , 2015 , the Quincy Micro Area had an estimated population of 77,220 . During the 19th century , Quincy was a thriving transportation center as riverboats and rail service linked the city to many destinations west and along the river . It was Illinois ' second-largest city , surpassing Peoria in 1870 . The city has several historic districts , including the Downtown Quincy Historic District and the South Side German Historic District , which display the architecture of Quincy 's many German immigrants from the late 19th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warton,_Lancaster", "text": "Warton is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in the City of Lancaster in north Lancashire in the north-west of England , close to the boundary with Cumbria , with a population of around 2,000 , measured at the 2011 Census to be 2,360 . It is a village steeped in history ; its earliest recording as a settlement is made in Domesday Book written in 1086 . The nearest town to Warton is Carnforth , which was originally part of Warton parish . It has connections to the first President of the United States , George Washington : Washington 's ancestor of seven generations , Lawrence Washington , is rumoured to have helped build the village church of St Oswald . The parish covers an area in excess of 11,000 acres ( 45 km2 ) and is predominantly rural . The parish of Warton had a population of 2315 recorded in the 2001 census , and 2,360 in the 2011 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sally_Ride", "text": "Sally Kristen Ride ( May 26 , 1951 - July 23 , 2012 ) was an American astronaut and physicist . Born in Los Angeles , she joined NASA in 1978 and became the first American woman in space in 1983 . Ride was the third woman in space overall , after USSR cosmonauts Valentina Tereshkova ( 1963 ) and Svetlana Savitskaya ( 1982 ) . Ride remains the youngest American astronaut to have traveled to space , having done so at the age of 32 . After flying twice on the Orbiter Challenger , she left NASA in 1987 . Ride worked for two years at Stanford University 's Center for International Security and Arms Control , then at the University of California , San Diego as a professor of physics , primarily researching nonlinear optics and Thomson scattering . She served on the committees that investigated the Challenger and Columbia Space Shuttle disasters , the only person to participate in both . Ride died of pancreatic cancer on July 23 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philip_Doddridge_(Virginia)", "text": "Philip Doddridge ( May 17 , 1773 - November 19 , 1832 ) was a lawyer and sectional leader of western ( now West ) Virginia . He served in the United States House of Representatives representing the Wheeling District in the Upper Ohio River Valley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Protest_the_Hero", "text": "Protest the Hero is a Canadian progressive metal band from Whitby , Ontario . Originally named Happy Go Lucky , the band changed their name to Protest the Hero shortly before releasing their debut EP , Search for the Truth , in 2002 . In 2005 , the band released their first full-length album Kezia on Canadian indie label Underground Operations . On January 23 , 2006 , the band signed with Vagrant Records for Kezia 's American release on April 4 , 2006 . Their second full-length album , Fortress was released by Underground Operations in Canada and by Vagrant Records worldwide on January 29 , 2008 . The band released their third studio album , Scurrilous , on March 22 , 2011 . Expressing frustrations with record labels , in January of 2013 the band announced that they would crowdfund their fourth full-length album . The Indiegogo campaign was a runaway success , and the independently-released Volition debuted on October 29 , 2013 , distributed with the help of Razor & Tie . In October of 2015 , the band announced that their fifth release would take the form of a subscription service using Bandcamp entitled Pacific Myth . The band started the production process of their upcoming album in January 2018 , but after vocalist Rody Walker experienced some issues with his voice during the Fortress 10th Anniversary Tour , in June 2018 , the band released a statement revealing they were postponing the new record ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dunton_Wayletts", "text": "Dunton Wayletts is a hamlet on the western outskirts of Laindon , in the Borough of Basildon , Essex , England . It is located between the Southend Arterial Road ( A127 road ) and the London , Tilbury and Southend Railway . It is usually known as Dunton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Battle_of_Hakusukinoe", "text": "The Battle of Baekgang or Battle of Baekgang-gu , also known as Battle of Hakusukinoe ( 白村江の戦い Hakusuki-no-e no Tatakai or Hakusonkō no Tatakai ) [ a ] in Japan , as Battle of Baijiangkou ( 白江口之战 Bāijiāngkǒu Zhīzhàn ) in China , was a battle between Baekje restoration forces and their ally , Yamato Japan , against the allied forces of Silla and the Tang dynasty of ancient China . The battle took place in the lower reaches of the Geum River in Jeollabuk-do province , Korea . The Silla-Tang forces won a decisive victory , compelling Yamato Japan to withdraw completely from Korean affairs and crushing the Baekje restoration movement . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ngong_Ping_360", "text": "The Ngong Ping 360 ( Chinese : 昂坪360 ) is a gondola lift on Lantau Island in Hong Kong . Intended to improve tourism to the area , the aerial lift was previously known as Tung Chung Cable Car Project before acquiring the Ngong Ping 360 brand in April 2005 . It consists of the Ngong Ping Cable Car , formerly known as the Ngong Ping 360 Skyrail , and the Ngong Ping Village , a retail and entertainment centre adjacent to the cable car 's upper station . Ngong Ping 360 connects Tung Chung , on the north coast of Lantau and itself linked to central Hong Kong by the Tung Chung Line , with the Ngong Ping area in the hills above . This is home to the Po Lin Monastery and the Tian Tan Buddha , both already significant tourist attractions in their own right . Before Ngong Ping 360 's opening , the only access was via a mountain road and bus service . Ngong Ping 360 is owned by the MTR Corporation , the operator of Hong Kong 's rail system . It was built by Leitner Ropeways and was originally operated by Skyrail-ITM . Skyrail-ITM was removed from the project after an investigation following an incident in June 2007 . It is now operated by a directly owned subsidiary of the MTR Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hits_per_nine_innings", "text": "In baseball statistics , hits per nine innings ( denoted by H/9 ) is the average number of hits allowed by a pitcher in a nine inning period ; calculated as : ( hits allowed x 9 ) / innings pitched . This is a measure of a pitcher 's success based on the number of all outs he records . Compared to a pitcher 's batting average against , a pitcher 's H/9 benefits from sacrifice bunts , double plays , runners caught stealing , and outfield assists , but it is hurt by some errors . Unlike batting average against , a pitcher 's H/9 benefits from outs that are not related to official at bats , as they are recorded on runners after they have reached base . Through 2019 Nolan Ryan is the career leader , at 6.5553 , while Clayton Kershaw is # 2 ( 6.7856 ) , and Sandy Koufax is # 3 ( 6.7916 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2005", "text": "The 2005 Pro Tour season was the tenth season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . On 10 September 2004 the season began with Grand Prix Rimini . It ended on 4 December 2005 with the conclusion of the 2005 World Championship in Yokohama and was thus the longest Pro Tour season ever . The season consisted of 31 Grand Prixs and 7 Pro Tours , held in Columbus , Nagoya , Atlanta , Philadelphia , London , Los Angeles , and Yokohama . At the end of the season Kenji Tsumura was proclaimed Pro Player of the year as the first Japanese player . Also the first class of the Hall of Fame was inducted . The inductees were Jon Finkel , Darwin Kastle , Tommi Hovi , Alan Comer , and Olle Råde ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orlando_Magic", "text": "The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team based in Orlando , Florida . The Magic compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Southeast Division . The franchise was established in 1989 as an expansion franchise , and such notable NBA stars as Shaquille O'Neal , Penny Hardaway , Patrick Ewing , Grant Hill , Tracy McGrady , Steve Francis , Dwight Howard , Vince Carter , Rashard Lewis , Dominique Wilkins , and Hedo Türkoğlu have played for the club throughout its young history . As of 2019 [ update ] , the franchise has played in the NBA playoffs for exactly half of its existence ( 15 playoff appearances in 30 years ) , and twice went to the NBA Finals , in 1995 and 2009 . Orlando has been the second most successful of the four expansion teams brought into the league in 1988 and 1989 in terms of winning percentage , only after the Miami Heat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Omid_Kordestani", "text": "Omid R. Kordestani ( Persian : امید کردستانی , born 1963 ) is an Iranian-American businessman who has been the Executive Chairman at Twitter since October 2015 . He was previously a Senior Vice President , the Chief Business Officer , and most recently a special advisor to the CEO and founders at Google from July 2014 to October 2015 and was a director of Vodafone from March 2013 to October 2014 . Kordestani had also previously been at Google from May 1999 to April 2009 , reaching the position of Senior Vice President for Worldwide Sales and Field Operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014–15_FIS_Snowboard_World_Cup", "text": "The 2014-15 FIS Snowboard World Cup was the 21st edition of the FIS Snowboard World Cup , organised by International Ski Federation . The FIS Snowboarding World Cup consisted of the parallel slalom , parallel giant slalom , snowboard cross , halfpipe , slopestyle and big air ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Castellammare_di_Stabia", "text": "Castellammare di Stabia ( Italian : [ kaˌstɛllamˈmaːre di ˈstaːbja ] ) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , Campania region , in Italy . It is situated on the Bay of Naples about 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) southeast of Naples , on the route to Sorrento ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catriona_Le_May_Doan", "text": "Catriona Ann Le May Doan , OC ( born December 23 , 1970 ) is a Canadian speed skater and a double Olympic champion in the 500 m ."}
{"title": "/wiki/17th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 17th Infantry Division is a formation of the Indian Army . During World War II , it had the distinction of being continually in combat during the three-year-long Burma Campaign ( except for brief periods of refit ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benny_Ricardo", "text": "Benito Concepcion Benny Ricardo ( born January 4 , 1954 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a former American football placekicker in the NFL ( 1976-1984 ) for the Buffalo Bills , Detroit Lions , New Orleans Saints , Minnesota Vikings , and the San Diego Chargers . He played college football at San Diego State University . He is distinguished as being the first Paraguayan to play in the National Football League . As a Minnesota Viking , Ricardo led the NFC in scoring in 1983 with 108 points ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penang_Island", "text": "Penang Island , is the main constituent island of the Malaysian state of Penang . Located at the Malacca Strait , off the northwestern coast of Peninsular Malaysia , it is separated from the mainland by the Penang Strait . The island is home to nearly half of Penang 's population ; the city of George Town , which covers the island and the five outlying islets , is Malaysia 's second largest city by population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Red_Sox", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Red Sox are the rookie level Minor League Baseball affiliate of the Boston Red Sox . The team is located in Fort Myers , Florida , and plays its home games at the jetBlue Park in the Fenway South complex . The team played its first four seasons ( 1989-1992 ) in Winter Haven , Florida , moved to City of Palms Park in Fort Myers in 1993 , and moved to its current facility in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hungaroton", "text": "Hungaroton was the one and only record and music publisher company in Hungary for about 40 years . Hungaroton was founded in 1951 , when its only competitors in the Hungarian music market were record labels like Melodiya , Supraphon and from other socialist countries . Previously called Qualiton , its name was changed to Hungaroton in the mid-1960s , though the Qualiton brand remained as a label for operetta and gipsy music releases . Also new popular music , rock and jazz labels ( Pepita , Bravó , and Krém ) were founded . In the early 1990s the massive import of foreign records caused a serious decrease in Hungaroton 's sales . Although the original company went into liquidation , new and smaller companies arose on the ruins of Hungaroton . The Hungaroton Gong and Hungaroton Classic companies went private in 1995 , and were reunited in 1998 under the name Hungaroton Records Publisher Ltd. Nowadays it publishes approximately 150 new records per year , half of it classical and half of it popular music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tory_Lanez", "text": "Daystar Peterson ( born July 27 , 1992 ) , better known by his stage name Tory Lanez , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer . He received initial recognition from the mixtape , Conflicts of My Soul : The 416 Story released in August 2013 . In 2015 , Tory Lanez signed to Benny Blanco 's Mad Love Records through Interscope Records . Lanez released his debut studio album , I Told You , on August 19 , 2016 , which included the singles , Say It , and Luv , which peaked at number 23 , and 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 respectively . His second album , Memories Do n't Die was released on March 2 , 2018 . On October 26 , 2018 , Lanez released his third studio album , Love Me Now ? ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Tupy", "text": "Esporte Clube Tupy , commonly known as Tupy , is a Brazilian football club based in Vila Velha , Espírito Santo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Villa_de_los_Santos", "text": "La Villa de los Santos also known La Heroica Villa de Los Santos , is the capital city and a corregimiento of the Los Santos District of Los Santos Province , Panama . It is at the left edge of La Villa River . Founded as Santa Cruz in 1555 by Juan Rodriguez Monjaraz , the then governor of the region , the city is known for The Gesture of Rufina Alfaro and the population 's efforts in the movement to separate Panama from Spanish power in November 1821 . A yearly festival is hosted to celebrate the anniversary of the beginning of Panama 's war for independence , which started in La Villa de los Santos . José Higinio Durán , the Catholic bishop of Panama , and Julián Chávez , the mayor of the city , were two individuals who called for Panama 's independence . According to local tradition , a woman born to slave parents named Rufina Alfaro participated in the occupation of Spanish military outposts in the town , although this is disputed . It was created by Law 5 of January 19 , 1998 . Though it is a corregimiento , it is properly called Villa de los Santos rather than Corregimiento de Los Santos . Its population as of 1990 was 6,543 ; its population as of 2000 was 7,194 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michigan_State_University", "text": "Michigan State University ( MSU ) is a public research university in East Lansing , Michigan . MSU was founded in 1855 and served as a model for land-grant universities later created under the Morrill Act of 1862 . The university was founded as the Agricultural College of the State of Michigan , one of the country 's first institutions of higher education to teach scientific agriculture . After the introduction of the Morrill Act , the college became coeducational and expanded its curriculum beyond agriculture . Today , MSU is one of the largest universities in the United States ( in terms of enrollment ) and has approximately 634,300 living alumni worldwide . U.S. News & World Report ranks its graduate programs the best in the U.S. in elementary teacher 's education , secondary teacher 's education , industrial and organizational psychology , rehabilitation counseling , African history ( tied ) , supply chain logistics and nuclear physics in 2019 . MSU pioneered the studies of packaging , hospitality business , supply chain management , and communication sciences . Michigan State is a member of the Association of American Universities , an organization of 62 leading research universities in North America . The university 's campus houses the National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory , the W. J. Beal Botanical Garden , the Abrams Planetarium , the Wharton Center for Performing Arts , the Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum , the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams , and the country 's largest residence hall system . The Michigan State Spartans compete in the NCAA Division I Big Ten Conference . Michigan State Spartans football won the Rose Bowl Game in 1954 , 1956 , 1988 and 2014 , and a total of six national championships . Spartans men 's basketball won the NCAA National Championship in 1979 and 2000 and has attained the Final Four eight times since the 1998-1999 season , including in 2019 with a victory over Duke ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Many_Faces_of_Art_Farmer", "text": "The Many Faces of Art Farmer is an album by Art Farmer recorded in 1964 and originally released on the Scepter label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cantilever_bridge", "text": "A cantilever bridge is a bridge built using cantilevers , structures that project horizontally into space , supported on only one end . For small footbridges , the cantilevers may be simple beams ; however , large cantilever bridges designed to handle road or rail traffic use trusses built from structural steel , or box girders built from prestressed concrete . The steel truss cantilever bridge was a major engineering breakthrough when first put into practice , as it can span distances of over 1,500 feet ( 460 m ) , and can be more easily constructed at difficult crossings by virtue of using little or no falsework ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lenzie_Howell", "text": "Lenzie Howell ( born December 24 , 1967 ) is an American retired basketball player . Standing at 6 ft 4 in ( 1.93 m ) , he played as small forward . He played college basketball with Arkansas for two seasons . After his stint with Arkansas , Howell played a decade in Europe . While playing for Computerij Meppel , he won the Dutch League Most Valuable Player twice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_City", "text": "New York City ( NYC ) , also known as the City of New York or simply New York ( NY ) , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2018 population of 8,398,748 distributed over a land area of about 302.6 square miles ( 784 km2 ) , New York is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the U.S. state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass and one of the world 's most populous megacities , with an estimated 19,979,477 people in its 2018 metropolitan statistical area and 22,679,948 residents in its combined statistical area . A global power city , New York City has been described as the cultural , financial , and media capital of the world , and exerts a significant impact upon commerce , entertainment , research , technology , education , politics , tourism , art , fashion , and sports . The city 's fast pace has inspired the term New York minute . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy . Situated on one of the world 's largest natural harbors , New York City consists of five boroughs , each of which is a separate county of the State of New York . The five boroughs - Brooklyn , Queens , Manhattan , The Bronx , and Staten Island - were consolidated into a single city in 1898 . The city and its metropolitan area constitute the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States . As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York , making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world . New York City is home to 3.2 million residents born outside the United States , the largest foreign born population of any city in the world as of 2016 . As of 2019 [ update ] , the New York metropolitan area is estimated to produce a gross metropolitan product ( GMP ) of US $ 2.0 trillion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Stranger_(1946_film)", "text": "The Stranger is a 1946 American film noir starring Edward G. Robinson , Loretta Young , and Orson Welles . It is Welles 's third completed feature film as director and his first film noir , about a war crimes investigator tracking a high-ranking Nazi fugitive to a Connecticut town . It is the first Hollywood film to present documentary footage of the Holocaust . The original story by Victor Trivas was nominated for an Academy Award . The film entered the public domain when its copyright was not renewed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_H._W._Bush", "text": "George Herbert Walker Bush ( June 12 , 1924 - November 30 , 2018 ) was an American politician and businessman who served as the 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993 . Since around 2000 he has usually been called George H. W. Bush , Bush Senior , or Bush 41 to distinguish him from his eldest son , George W. Bush , who served as the 43rd president from 2001 to 2009 . A member of the Republican Party , Bush also served in the U.S. House of Representatives , as U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations , as Director of Central Intelligence , and as the 43rd vice president of the United States . Bush was raised in Greenwich , Connecticut and attended Phillips Academy before serving in the United States Navy during World War II . After the war , he graduated from Yale University and moved to West Texas , where he established a successful oil company . After an unsuccessful run for the United States Senate , he won election to the 7th congressional district of Texas in 1966 . President Richard Nixon appointed Bush to the position of Ambassador to the United Nations in 1971 and to the position of chairman of the Republican National Committee in 1973 . In 1974 , President Gerald Ford appointed him as the Chief of the Liaison Office to the People 's Republic of China , and in 1976 Bush became the Director of Central Intelligence . Bush ran for president in 1980 , but was defeated in the Republican presidential primaries by Ronald Reagan . He was then elected vice president in 1980 and 1984 as Reagan 's running mate . In the 1988 presidential election , Bush defeated Democrat Michael Dukakis , becoming the first incumbent vice president to be elected president in 152 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Radio_communautaire_du_Manitoba_inc.", "text": "CKXL-FM ( 91.1 MHz ) is a French language community radio station licensed to Saint Boniface , Manitoba and serving the Winnipeg Capital Region . It broadcasts a public radio format that has 80% Manitoba content . It uses the branding Envol 91 FM . CKXL-FM is owned by La Radio Communautaire du Manitoba Inc . It broadcasts from the Franco-Manitoban Cultural Centre ( CCFM ) in the Winnipeg district of Saint Boniface . The station 's transmitter is located on Provincial Trunk Highway 2 in Springstein , Manitoba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ellijay,_Georgia", "text": "Ellijay is a city in Gilmer County , Georgia , United States . The population was 1,619 at the 2010 census . The city is the county seat of Gilmer County . Gilmer County is known as the Apple Capital of Georgia and the city holds an annual Georgia Apple Festival in October . Former President Jimmy Carter has a log cabin second home in Ellijay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Independent_Albania", "text": "Independent Albania ( Albanian : Shqipëria e Pavarur ) was a parliamentary state declared in Vlorë ( then Ottoman Empire , today Republic of Albania ) on 28 November 1912 . Its assembly was constituted on the same day while its government and senate were established on 4 December 1912 . The delegation of Albania submitted a memorandum to the London Conference of 1913 requesting international recognition of independent Albania . At the beginning of the conference it was decided that the region of Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an autonomous government . The requests by the delegation for recognition based on the ethnic rights of Albanians were rejected and the treaty signed on 30 May 1913 partitioned a major part of the claimed lands between Serbia , Greece and Montenegro , leaving as independent territory only a central region , which was put under the protection of the Great Powers . The ambassadors of six Great Powers met again on 29 July 1913 and decided to constitute a new state , the Principality of Albania , as a constitutional monarchy . Finally , with the Treaty of Bucharest being signed in August 1913 , this new independent state was established , leaving about 30-40% of the ethnic Albanian population outside its borders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Junta,_Colorado", "text": "La Junta is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Otero County , Colorado , United States . The city population was 7,077 at the 2010 United States Census . La Junta is located on the Arkansas River in southeastern Colorado 68 miles ( 109 km ) east of Pueblo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Securities_and_Exchange_Commission_(Nigeria)", "text": "The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) is the main regulatory institution of the Nigerian capital market . It is supervised by the Federal Ministry of Finance . The Nigerian Stock Exchange ( NSE ) is privately owned and self-regulating , but the SEC maintains surveillance over it with the mandate of ensuring orderly and equitable dealings in securities , and protecting the market against insider trading abuses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grupo_Carso", "text": "Grupo Carso or Grupo Sanborns SAB is a Mexican global conglomerate company owned by Carlos Slim . It was formed in 1990 after the merger of Corporación Industrial Carso and Grupo Inbursa . The name Carso stands for Carlos Slim and Soumaya Domit de Slim , his late wife . In May 2014 , the conglomerate had a stock market capitalisation of over $ 12 billion US dollars . In 1996 Carso Global Telecom ( which includes Telmex , Telcel and América Móvil ) separated itself from Grupo Carso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Punjab,_Pakistan", "text": "Punjab ( Urdu & Punjabi : پنجاب , romanized : Panjāb , pronounced [ pənˈdʒaːb ] , listen ( help·info ) ; lit . Five waters ) is Pakistan 's most populous province , with an estimated population of 110,012,442 as of 2017 . Forming the bulk of the transnational Punjab region , it is bordered by the Pakistani provinces of Sindh , Balochistan , and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , the enclave of Islamabad , and Azad Kashmir . It also shares borders with the Indian states of Punjab , Rajasthan , and the Indian-administered territory of Jammu and Kashmir . The capital is Lahore , a cultural , historical , economic and cosmopolitan centre of Pakistan where the country 's cinema industry , and much of its fashion industry , are based . Punjab has been inhabited since ancient times . The Indus Valley Civilization , dating to 2600 BCE , was first discovered at Harappa . Punjab features heavily in the Hindu epic poem , the Mahabharata , and is home to Taxila , site of what is considered by many to be the oldest university in the world . In 326 BCE , Alexander the Great defeated King Porus at the Battle of the Hydaspes near Mong , Punjab . The Umayyad empire conquered Punjab in the 8th century CE . In the subsequent centuries , Punjab was invaded and conquered by the Ghaznavids , Ghurids , Delhi Sultanate , Mughals , Durranis and the Sikhs . Punjab reached the height of its splendour during the reign of the Mughal Empire , which for a time ruled from Lahore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Las_Vegas,_Nevada", "text": "Las Vegas ( Spanish for The Meadows ) , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County . The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert . Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city , known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife . The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial , commercial , and cultural center for Nevada . The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World , and is famous for its mega casino-hotels and associated activities . It is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions and a global leader in the hospitality industry , claiming more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any other city in the world . Today , Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world 's most visited tourist destinations . The city 's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City , and has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature , films , television programs , and music videos . Las Vegas was settled in 1905 and officially incorporated in 1911 . At the close of the 20th century , it was the most populated American city founded within that century ( a similar distinction was earned by Chicago in the 19th century ) . Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2% . Rapid growth has continued into the 21st century , and according to estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had 648,224 residents in 2018 , with a metropolitan population of 2,227,053 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_2007", "text": "The 41st Biathlon World Championships were held in 2007 for the fourth time in Antholz-Anterselva , Italy from February 2 to February 11 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/U.C._Sampdoria", "text": "Unione Calcio Sampdoria , commonly referred to as Sampdoria ( Italian pronunciation : [ sampˈdɔːrja ] ) , is an Italian professional football club based in Genoa , Liguria . The club was formed in 1946 from the merger of two existing sports clubs whose roots can be traced back to the 1890s , Sampierdarenese and Andrea Doria . Both the team name and jersey reflect this , the first being a combination of the former names , the second incorporating the former teams ' colours ( blue-white and white-red-black ) in a single design . The team 's colours are blue with white , red and black hoops , hence the nickname blucerchiati ( blue-circled ) . Sampdoria play at Stadio Luigi Ferraris , capacity 36,536 , which it shares with Genoa 's other club , Genoa Cricket and Football Club . The derby between the two teams is commonly known as the Derby della Lanterna . Sampdoria have won the Scudetto once in their history , in 1991 . The club has also won the Coppa Italia four times , in 1985 , 1988 , 1989 and 1994 , and the Supercoppa Italiana once , in 1991 . Their biggest European success came when they won the Cup Winners ' Cup in 1990 . They also reached the European Cup final in 1992 , losing the final 1-0 to Barcelona after extra time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rodney_Dangerfield", "text": "Jack Roy ( born Jacob Rodney Cohen ; November 22 , 1921 - October 5 , 2004 ) , popularly known by the stage name Rodney Dangerfield , was an American stand-up comedian , actor , producer , screenwriter , musician and author . He was known for his self-deprecating one-liner humor , his catchphrase I do n't get no respect ! and his monologues on that theme . He began his career working as a stand-up comic in the Borscht Belt resorts of the Catskill Mountains northwest of New York City . His act grew in notoriety as he became a mainstay on late-night talk shows throughout the 1960s and 1970s , eventually developing into a headlining act on the Las Vegas casino circuit . He appeared in a few bit parts in films such as The Projectionist throughout the 1970s , but his breakout film role came in 1980 as a boorish nouveau riche golfer in the ensemble comedy Caddyshack , which was followed by two more successful films in which he starred : 1983 's Easy Money and 1986 's Back to School . Additional film work kept him busy through the rest of his life , mostly in comedies , but with a rare dramatic role in 1994 's Natural Born Killers as an abusive father . Health troubles curtailed his output through the early 2000s before his death in 2004 , following a month in a coma due to complications from heart valve surgery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ranma_½", "text": "Ranma ½ ( Japanese : らんま 1/2 , Hepburn : Ranma Nibun-no-Ichi , pronounced Ranma One-Half ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi . It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from August 1987 to March 1996 , with the chapters collected into 38 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan . The story revolves around a teenage boy named Ranma Saotome who has trained in martial arts since early childhood . As a result of an accident during a training journey , he is cursed to become a girl when splashed with cold water , while hot water changes him back into a boy . Throughout the series Ranma seeks out a way to rid himself of his curse , while his friends , enemies and many fiancées constantly hinder and interfere . Ranma ½ has a comedic formula and a sex-changing main character , who often willfully transforms into a girl to advance his goals . The series also contains many other characters , whose intricate relationships with each other , unusual characteristics , and eccentric personalities drive most of the stories . Although the characters and their relationships are complicated , they rarely change once they are firmly introduced and settled into the series . The manga has been adapted into two anime series created by Studio Deen : Ranma ½ and Ranma ½ Nettōhen ( らんま1/2熱闘編 ) , which together were broadcast on Fuji Television from 1989 to 1992 . In addition , they developed 12 original video animations and three films . In 2011 , a live-action television special was produced and aired on Nippon Television . The manga and anime series were licensed by Viz Media for English-language releases in North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mallala,_South_Australia", "text": "Mallala is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia about north of the state capital of Adelaide . The name Mallala is thought to be derived from the local Aboriginal word 'madlola ' which supposedly meant 'place of the ground frog ' . At the 2016 census , the locality had a population of 894 of which 733 lived in its town centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Millennium_celebrations", "text": "The millennium celebrations were a worldwide , coordinated series of events celebrating the end of 1999 and the start of the year 2000 in the Gregorian calendar . The celebrations were held as marking the end of the 1000s millennium ( January 1 , 1000 - December 31 , 1999 ) and the beginning of the 2000s millennium ( January 1 , 2000 - December 31 , 2999 ) . Countries around the globe held official festivities in the weeks and months leading up to the date , such as those organised in the United States by the White House Millennium Council , and most major cities produced firework displays at midnight . Equally , many private venues , cultural and religious centres held events and a diverse range of memorabilia was created - such as souvenir postage stamps . As with every New Year 's Eve , many events were timed with the stroke of midnight at the timezone of the location . There were also many events associated with the dawn on 1 January . An international television broadcast called 2000 Today was produced by a consortium of 60 broadcasters , while an alternative program Millennium Live was cancelled two days before the event . Several countries in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , and hence close to the International Date Line made arguments they were the first to enter the new millennium . Variously , the Chatham Islands , New Zealand , Tonga , Fiji and Kiribati all laid claims to the status - by moving the dateline itself , the temporary institution of daylight savings , and claiming first territory , first land , first inhabited land or first city to see the new year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Argentina", "text": "Argentina ( Spanish : [ aɾxenˈtina ] ) , officially the Argentine Republic [ A ] ( Spanish : República Argentina ) , is a country located mostly in the southern half of South America . Sharing the bulk of the Southern Cone with Chile to the west , the country is also bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north , Brazil to the northeast , Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east , and the Drake Passage to the south . With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 ( 1,073,500 sq mi ) , [ B ] Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world , the fourth largest in the Americas , the second largest in South America after Brazil , and the largest Spanish-speaking nation . The sovereign state is subdivided into twenty-three provinces ( Spanish : provincias , singular provincia ) and one autonomous city ( ciudad autónoma ) , Buenos Aires , which is the federal capital of the nation ( Spanish : Capital Federal ) as decided by Congress . The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions , but exist under a federal system . Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica , the Falkland Islands ( Spanish : Islas Malvinas ) , and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands . The earliest recorded human presence in modern-day Argentina dates back to the Paleolithic period . The Inca Empire expanded to the northwest of the country in Pre-Columbian times . The country has its roots in Spanish colonization of the region during the 16th century . Argentina rose as the successor state of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata , a Spanish overseas viceroyalty founded in 1776 . The declaration and fight for independence ( 1810-1818 ) was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861 , culminating in the country 's reorganization as a federation of provinces with Buenos Aires as its capital city . The country thereafter enjoyed relative peace and stability , with several waves of European immigration , mainly Italians and Spaniards , radically reshaping its cultural and demographic outlook ; 62.5% of the population has full or partial Italian ancestry , and the Argentine culture has significant connections to the Italian culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peninah_Arusei", "text": "Peninah Arusei Jerop ( born 1 January 1979 in Uasin Gishu ) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in road running competitions , especially the half marathon . She has represented Kenya at the Olympics , having competed in the 10,000 metres race at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Arusei has won races on the European road circuit , including the Dam tot Damloop , Berlin Half Marathon and Lisbon Half Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeopardy!", "text": "Jeopardy ! is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin . The show features a quiz competition in which contestants are presented with general knowledge clues in the form of answers , and must phrase their responses in the form of questions . The original daytime version debuted on NBC on March 30 , 1964 , and aired until January 3 , 1975 . A weekly nighttime syndicated edition aired from September 1974 to September 1975 , and a revival , The All-New Jeopardy ! , ran on NBC from October 1978 to March 1979 . The current version , a daily syndicated show produced by Sony Pictures Television , premiered on September 10 , 1984 . Both NBC versions and the weekly syndicated version were hosted by Art Fleming . Don Pardo served as announcer until 1975 , and John Harlan announced for the 1978-1979 season . Since its inception , the daily syndicated version has featured Alex Trebek as host and Johnny Gilbert as announcer . With over 8,000 episodes aired , the daily syndicated version of Jeopardy ! has won a record 33 Daytime Emmy Awards as well as a Peabody Award . In 2013 , the program was ranked No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Blanchard_(politician)", "text": "John Blanchard ( September 30 , 1787 - March 9 , 1849 ) was a Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . John Blanchard was born in Peacham , Vermont . He taught school , and graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover , New Hampshire , in 1812 . He moved to Pennsylvania in 1812 and settled in York , Pennsylvania , where he again taught school . He studied law , was admitted to the bar March 31 , 1815 , and commenced practice in Lewistown , Pennsylvania . He moved to Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , the same year and continued the practice of law . Blanchard was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Congresses . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1848 . He died in Columbia , Pennsylvania , en route from Washington , D.C. , to his home in 1849 . Interment in Union Cemetery in Bellefonte . His son Edmund Blanchard became a prominent businessman in Bellefonte ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liberal_Democratic_Party_(Cambodia)", "text": "The Liberal Democratic Party was a Cambodian political party founded in 1992 by former Khmer People 's National Liberation Armed Forces commander Sak Sutsakhan . The party was created after infighting between Sutsakhan and Son Sann following the Paris Peace Accords of 1991 led Sutsakhan to split from the Khmer People 's National Liberation Front ( KPNLF ) , an anti-communist group originally started by Son Sann . The Liberal Democratic Party won 62,698 votes ( 1.6% ) in the 1993 national election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deadmau5", "text": "Joel Thomas Zimmerman ( born January 5 , 1981 ) , known professionally as Deadmau5 ( stylized as deadmau5 ; pronounced dead mouse ) , is a Canadian electronic music producer , DJ , and musician . Zimmerman mainly produces progressive house music and sometimes other forms of electronic music . His works have been included in compilation albums such as Tiësto 's In Search of Sunrise 6 : Ibiza and presented on Armin van Buuren 's A State of Trance radio show . Zimmerman has received six Grammy Award nominations for his work . He has worked with other DJs and producers , such as Kaskade , MC Flipside , Rob Swire and Wolfgang Gartner . He has also collaborated with Steve Duda under the group name BSOD ( Better Sounding On Drugs ) , and was part of the group named WTF ? with Duda , Tommy Lee , and DJ Aero . In 2007 , he founded his own record label , Mau5trap . Deadmau5 is currently one of the highest paid electronic music producers in the world , and is a masked music artist similar to Marshmello and Daft Punk . In 2000 , an early 12 single produced on vinyl titled I Do n't Want No Other was released by Joel Zimmerman and Derek Caesar under the group name Dred and Karma . A 2006 compilation album titled Deadmau5 Circa 1998-2002 was self-released under the alias Halcyon441 . His debut studio album , Get Scraped was released in 2005 , with follow-up Vexillology in 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Ripa", "text": "Kelly Maria Ripa ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American actress , dancer , talk show hostess , and television producer . Ripa portrayed Hayley Vaughan on the ABC daytime soap opera , All My Children , between 1990 and 2002 . She is the co-host of the syndicated morning talk show , Live ! with Kelly and Ryan , in various formats since 2001 . She also played Faith Fairfield on the ABC sitcom , Hope & Faith , from 2003 to 2006 . Ripa and her husband , Mark Consuelos , own a New York-based production company , Milojo . In 2014 , The Hollywood Reporter named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clayton,_Georgia", "text": "Clayton is a city in Rabun County , Georgia , United States . The population was 2,047 at the 2010 census . The city is the county seat of Rabun County and is located in the Blue Ridge Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vancouver_Canucks", "text": "The Vancouver Canucks are a professional ice hockey team based in Vancouver . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference . The Canucks play their home games at Rogers Arena , formerly known as General Motors Place , which has an official capacity of 18,910 . Travis Green is the head coach and Jim Benning is the general manager . The Canucks joined the league in 1970 as an expansion team along with the Buffalo Sabres . In its NHL history , the team has advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals three times , losing to the New York Islanders in 1982 , the New York Rangers in 1994 and the Boston Bruins in 2011 . They have won the Presidents ' Trophy in back-to-back seasons as the team with the league 's best regular season record in the 2010-11 and 2011-12 seasons . They won three division titles as a member of the Smythe Division from 1974 to 1993 , and seven titles as a member of the Northwest Division from 1998 to 2013 . The Canucks , along with fellow expansion team , the Buffalo Sabres , are the two oldest teams to have never won the Stanley Cup . The Canucks have retired six players ' jerseys in their history - Stan Smyl ( 12 ) , Trevor Linden ( 16 ) , Markus Naslund ( 19 ) , Daniel Sedin ( 22 ) , Henrik Sedin ( 33 ) , and Pavel Bure ( 10 ) ; all but Bure and Daniel Sedin have served as team captain . Smyl has the distinction of being the only Canuck to have his jersey number retired at their former arena , the Pacific Coliseum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anchorage,_Kentucky", "text": "Anchorage is a home rule-class city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States . The population was 2,348 at the 2010 census and an estimated 2,432 in 2018 . It is one of the wealthiest cities in Kentucky [ citation needed ] and a suburb of Louisville ."}
{"title": "/wiki/América_Futebol_Clube_(SP)", "text": "América Futebol Clube ( SP ) , usually known simply as América ( or as América-SP , or América ( SP ) ) , is a Brazilian football club from São José do Rio Preto , São Paulo state . It was named after America from Rio de Janeiro , even copying their team badge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rubens_Barrichello", "text": "Rubens Rubinho Gonçalves Barrichello ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈʁubẽjz ɡõ'sawviz baʁiˈkɛlʊ ] , [ ʁuˈbĩjʊ ] ; born 23 May 1972 ) is a Brazilian racing driver who competed in Formula One between 1993 and 2011 , scoring 11 Grand Prix wins and 68 podiums . Barrichello drove for Ferrari from 2000 to 2005 , as Michael Schumacher 's teammate , enjoying considerable success including finishing as championship runner-up in 2002 and 2004 . He also finished third in 2001 and 2009 . Barrichello holds the record for most race starts in Formula One ( 322 ) and has scored the eleventh highest points total in Formula One history . Schumacher 's retirement at the end of 2006 made Barrichello the most experienced driver on the grid , and at the 2008 Turkish Grand Prix he became the most experienced driver in F1 history . He became the first driver to reach 300 Grand Prix entries and 300 starts , doing so in 2010 . During his six years with Ferrari , Barrichello was involved in winning five constructors ' titles , as Schumacher won five drivers ' titles in a row between 2000 and 2004 . At the end of 2005 Barrichello left Ferrari to sign a contract with Honda . In 2009 , he finished third in the Drivers ' Championship for Brawn GP , as his teammate Jenson Button won the title . This meant Barrichello was involved in a sixth Constructors ' title . He was also appointed chairman of the Grand Prix Drivers ' Association in 2010 , but after losing his seat in Formula One , he was replaced by Pedro de la Rosa . Barrichello was renowned for his mechanical and technical expertise , with a sixth sense of predicting and detecting technical issues and opportunities for improvement in a car ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_I_of_England", "text": "Edward I ( 17/18 June 1239 - 7 July 1307 ) , also known as Edward Longshanks and the Hammer of the Scots ( Latin : Malleus Scotorum ) , was King of England from 1272 to 1307 . He was the fifth king of the House of Plantagenet . Before his accession to the throne , he was commonly referred to as Lord Edward . The first son of Henry III , Edward was involved from an early age in the political intrigues of his father 's reign , which included an outright rebellion by the English barons . In 1259 , he briefly sided with a baronial reform movement , supporting the Provisions of Oxford . After reconciliation with his father , however , he remained loyal throughout the subsequent armed conflict , known as the Second Barons ' War . After the Battle of Lewes , Edward was hostage to the rebellious barons , but escaped after a few months and defeated the baronial leader Simon de Montfort at the Battle of Evesham in 1265 . Within two years the rebellion was extinguished and , with England pacified , Edward joined the Ninth Crusade to the Holy Land . He was on his way home in 1272 when he was informed that his father had died . Making a slow return , he reached England in 1274 and was crowned at Westminster Abbey . Edward spent much of his reign reforming royal administration and common law . Through an extensive legal inquiry , he investigated the tenure of various feudal liberties , while the law was reformed through a series of statutes regulating criminal and property law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Charles_Kernot", "text": "William Charles Kernot ( 16 June 1845 - 14 March 1909 ) , was an Australian engineer , first professor of engineering at the University of Melbourne and president of the Royal Society of Victoria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Till", "text": "Eric Till ( born 24 November 1929 ) is an English film and television director working in Canada , the United States , and Europe since the 1960s . His 1977 film It Should n't Happen to a Vet was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Essex", "text": "Essex ( /ˈɛsɪks/ ) is a county in the southeast of England , northeast of London . One of the home counties , it borders Suffolk and Cambridgeshire to the north , Hertfordshire to the west , Kent across the estuary of the River Thames to the south , and London to the southwest . The county town is Chelmsford , the only city in the county . For government statistical purposes Essex is placed in the East of England region . There are three definitions of the extent of Essex , the widest being the Ancient County , the more usual being the smaller Ceremonial County and smallest being the administrative county - the area administered by the County Council and which excludes the two unitary authorities of Thurrock and Southend-on-Sea . The Ceremonial County occupies the eastern part of what was , during the Early Middle Ages , the Kingdom of Essex . As well as rural areas , the county also includes London Stansted Airport , the new towns of Basildon and Harlow , Lakeside Shopping Centre , the port of Tilbury and the borough of Southend-on-Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/R.U._Saint-Gilloise", "text": "Royale Union Saint-Gilloise , abbreviated to Union SG , unofficially simply called Union , is a Belgian football club originally located in the municipality of Saint-Gilles , in Brussels , although since the 1920s it has been based at the Stade Joseph Marien in the neighbouring municipality of Forest . The club is one of the most successful in the history of Belgian football , but currently plays in the second division . The club won eleven Belgian championships between 1904 and 1935 , making it the most successful Belgian club before World War II . The team colours are blue and yellow and its matricule is the n°10 . The team is traditionally popular with the native Flemish speaking natives of Brussels and both the French as the Flemish speaking free universities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panamá_Oeste_Province", "text": "Panamá Oeste ( Spanish pronunciation : [ panaˈma oˈeste ] ; West Panama in English ) is the newest province in Panama . It was created from the five districts of Panamá Province west of the Panama Canal on 1 January 2014 . The capital is La Chorrera ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ohrid", "text": "Ohrid ( Macedonian : Охрид [ ˈɔxrit ] ( listen ) ) is a city in North Macedonia and the seat of the Ohrid Municipality . It is the largest city on Lake Ohrid and the eighth-largest city in the country , with over 42,000 inhabitants as of 2002 . Ohrid once had 365 churches , one for each day of the year , and has been referred to as a Jerusalem of the Balkans . The city is rich in picturesque houses and monuments , and tourism is predominant . It is located southwest of Skopje , west of Resen and Bitola . In 1979 and in 1980 respectively , Ohrid and Lake Ohrid were accepted as Cultural and Natural World Heritage Sites by UNESCO . Ohrid is one of only 28 sites that are part of UNESCO 's World Heritage that are Cultural as well as Natural sites ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Right-wing_politics", "text": "Right-wing politics holds the view that certain social orders and hierarchies are inevitable , natural , normal , or desirable , typically supporting this position on the basis of natural law , economics , or tradition. : p . 693 , 721 Hierarchy and inequality may be viewed as natural results of traditional social differences or the competition in market economies . The term right-wing can generally refer to the conservative or reactionary section of a political party or system . The political terms Left and Right were first used during the French Revolution ( 1789-1799 ) and they originally referred to seating arrangements in the French parliament : those who sat to the right of the chair of the parliamentary president were broadly supportive of the institutions of the monarchist Old Regime . The original Right in France was formed as a reaction against the Left and comprised those politicians supporting hierarchy , tradition , and clericalism . :693 The use of the expression la droite ( the right ) became prominent in France after the restoration of the monarchy in 1815 , when it was applied to the Ultra-royalists . The people of English-speaking countries did not apply the terms right and left to their own politics until the 20th century . Although the term right-wing originated with traditional conservatives , monarchists , and reactionaries , the term extreme right-wing has been applied to movements including fascism , Nazism , and racial supremacy . From the 1830s to the 1880s , the Western world 's social class structure and economy shifted from nobility and aristocracy towards capitalism . This general economic shift towards capitalism affected centre-right movements such as the British Conservative Party , which responded by becoming supportive of capitalism . In the United States , the Right includes both economic and social conservatives . In Europe , economic conservatives are usually considered liberal and the Right includes nationalists , nativist opponents of immigration , religious conservatives , and , historically , a significant number of right-wing movements with anti-capitalist sentiments , including conservatives and fascists , opposed contemporary capitalism because they believed that selfishness and excessive materialism were inherent in it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Croatian_language", "text": "Croatian ( /kroʊˈeɪʃən/ ( listen ) ; hrvatski [ xř̩ʋaːtskiː ] ) is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language used by Croats , principally in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , the Serbian province of Vojvodina , and other neighboring countries . It is the official and literary standard of Croatia and one of the official languages of the European Union . Croatian is also one of the official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina and a recognized minority language in Serbia and neighboring countries . Standard Croatian is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian , Shtokavian , more specifically on Eastern Herzegovinian , which is also the basis of Standard Serbian , Bosnian , and Montenegrin . In the mid-18th century , the first attempts to provide a Croatian literary standard began on the basis of the Neo-Shtokavian dialect that served as a supraregional lingua franca pushing back regional Chakavian , Kajkavian , and Shtokavian vernaculars . The decisive role was played by Croatian Vukovians , who cemented the usage of Ijekavian Neo-Shtokavian as the literary standard in the late 19th and the beginning of the 20th century , in addition to designing a phonological orthography . Croatian is written in Gaj 's Latin alphabet . Besides the Shtokavian dialect , on which Standard Croatian is based , there are two other main dialects spoken on the territory of Croatia , Chakavian and Kajkavian . These dialects , and the four national standards , are usually subsumed under the term Serbo-Croatian in English , though this term is controversial for native speakers , and paraphrases such as Bosnian-Croatian-Montenegrin-Serbian are therefore sometimes used instead , especially in diplomatic circles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pure_Country_(radio_network)", "text": "Pure Country is a Canadian radio network , which airs on stations owned by Bell Media Radio . Launched in 2019 as a unifying branding for all of the company 's country-formatted stations across Canada , the network currently airs on 13 stations nationwide , as well as on selected digital subchannels of radio stations in markets where the company offers digital radio service but does not have a country-formatted primary station . Weekday programming on the network consists of local hosts at each station in morning and afternoon drive , a national midday program hosted by Shannon Ella , and the internationally syndicated The Bobby Bones Show in the evening . Sophie Moroz and Jeff Hopper , the morning hosts on the network 's Ottawa station , also host a national country music chart show on weekends . In January 2020 , the network 's station in Kingston committed to playing a 50/50 balance of male and female country artists for one week , to draw attention to continued gender inequity in the music business ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Araucanía_Region", "text": "The Araucanía ( /ˌærɔːˈkeɪniə/ ARR-aw-KAY-nee-ə [ citation needed ] ) , Araucanía Region ( Spanish : Región de La Araucanía pronounced [ aɾau̯kaˈni.a ] ) is one of Chile 's 16 first-order administrative divisions , and comprises two provinces : Malleco in the north and Cautín in the south . Its capital and largest city is Temuco ; other important cities include Angol and Villarrica . Chile did not incorporate the lands of the Araucanía Region until the 1880s , when it occupied the area to end resistance by the indigenous Mapuche by both military and political means . This opened up the area for Chilean and European immigration and settlement . In the 1900-1930 period , the population of Araucanía grew considerably , as did the economy despite recessions striking the rest of Chile . Araucanía became one of the principal agricultural districts of Chile , gaining the nickname of granary of Chile . The administrative Araucanía Region was established in 1974 , in what was the core of the larger historic region of Araucanía . In the 21st century , Araucanía is Chile 's poorest region in terms of GDP per capita . About a third of the region 's population is ethnic Mapuche , the highest proportion of any Chilean region . The Araucanía Region has been the main location of the confrontations of the ongoing Mapuche conflict , as the Mapuche have pressed their land claims against the central government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oshkosh,_Wisconsin", "text": "Oshkosh is a city in Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States , located where the Fox River enters Lake Winnebago from the west . The population was 66,083 at the 2010 census . The city is located adjacent to the Town of Oshkosh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pupil_(band)", "text": "Pupil is a Filipino rock band composed of Ely Buendia on lead vocals and guitars and Jerome Velasco on lead guitar . Dok Sergio and Wendell Garcia still plays bass and drums , respectively , for Pupil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_IAAF_Continental_Cup_–_Results", "text": "These are the results of the 2018 IAAF Continental Cup , which took place in Ostrava , Czech Republic on 8-9 September 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wind_in_the_Willows_(1995_film)", "text": "The Wind in the Willows is a 1995 British animated television film directed by Dave Unwin and written by Ted Walker , and based on the novel of the same name , a classic of children 's literature by Kenneth Grahame . It was produced by the now defunct TVC ( Television Cartoons ) in London . The films include live action starting and ending segments with Vanessa Redgrave as the grandmother ( who narrates ) , Alan Bennett , Michael Gambon , Rik Mayall , Michael Palin , Tom Stourton and Barry Foster , which changes into an animated setting as soon as the grandmother opens the book ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivete_Sangalo", "text": "Ivete Maria Dias de Sangalo Cady ( Brazilian Portuguese : [ iˈvɛtʃi sɐ̃ˈɡaɫu ] , born May 27 , 1972 ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , and occasional actress and television show host . She is one of the most popular and best-selling Brazilian female singers , with six albums released with Banda Eva , and seven more albums in a solo career . Sangalo is noted for her powerful voice , charisma and live performances . Her music is also very popular in Portugal . She has sold 15 million copies of her albums . As a child , Sangalo started to sing and play guitar at events , festivals and presentations of the school where she studied . Her debut show happened in Ondina , Salvador in August 1992 . With that show she won the Dorival Caymmi trophy , considered the Grammy of Bahia music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Utah_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Utah Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Utah in the Miss Teen USA pageant . From 2001 to 2007 , the pageant was produced by Red Curtain Productions . Casting Crowns Productions directed the pageant from 2007 to 2018 under the directorship of former Miss Missouri USA Britt Boyse . Smoak Productions became the new director for Miss and Teen pageants in 2019 under executive director and Miss USA 1995 Shanna Moakler . Utah is one of the least successful states at Miss Teen USA , having only placed five times . The first placement came in 1995 , when Loni Sorden placed 2nd runner-up to Keylee Sue Sanders of Kansas . Utah was the fourth-to-last state ( equal ) to place at Miss Teen USA . Utah 's second placement was in 2009 , with Tasha Smedley making the top 15 . The third placement was the following year , when Angelia Layton placed 3rd runner-up . In 2012 , Keilara McCormick finished in the top 16 , in 2017 Rachel Bell placed in the top 15 , and in 2018 Madilen Kellogg placed top 10 . Four Utah teens have won the Miss Utah USA title and competed at Miss USA . The most recent of these is Marin Poole , Miss Utah Teen USA 2002 and Miss Utah USA 2005 , who is also part of Red Curtain Productions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Logie_Baird", "text": "John Logie Baird FRSE ( /ˈloʊɡi bɛərd/ ; 13 August 1888 - 14 June 1946 ) was a Scottish engineer , innovator , one of the inventors of the mechanical television , demonstrating the first working television system on 26 January 1926 , and inventor of both the first publicly demonstrated colour television system , and the first purely electronic colour television picture tube . In 1928 the Baird Television Development Company achieved the first transatlantic television transmission . Baird 's early technological successes and his role in the practical introduction of broadcast television for home entertainment have earned him a prominent place in television 's history . Baird was ranked number 44 in the BBC 's list of the 100 Greatest Britons following a UK-wide vote in 2002 . In 2006 , Baird was named as one of the 10 greatest Scottish scientists in history , having been listed in the National Library of Scotland 's 'Scottish Science Hall of Fame ' . In 2015 he was inducted into the Scottish Engineering Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season ended with Notre Dame winning the national championship . The Fighting Irish won the title via a 34-21 defeat of previously unbeaten West Virginia in the Fiesta Bowl in Tempe , Arizona . With 4 of the final Top 5 teams being independents ( with the University of Miami and Florida State joining the Fighting Irish and Mountaineers ) , 1988 became a focus for fans and critics who wondered how the traditional conferences would deal with the indies ( the answer ultimately involved all of these teams joining major conferences ) . Notre Dame had several notable victories this season , including a 19-17 victory over # 9 Michigan , won on a last drive field goal , which started off the championship season . The season 's marquee game was a 31-30 victory over # 1 Miami . Entering the game , Miami had a 36-game regular season winning streak , 20 straight road victories and a 16-game winning streak overall . This year was also the first time Notre Dame and USC had ever met when ranked # 1 and # 2 . Most notable about this game is Notre Dame coach Lou Holtz 's decision to leave behind two of his stars , Tony Brooks and Ricky Watters because they were late , cementing discipline as the main theme of this championship team . This year 's edition of the UCLA-USC rivalry game featured a second ranked USC and a fourth ranked UCLA . For the second year in a row the Rose Bowl berth was on the line but for USC it also had national title implications as the rivalry game with Notre Dame was the following week . USC beat UCLA but lost to Notre Dame , and then lost to Michigan in the Rose Bowl . Oklahoma State running back Barry Sanders ran the Wing T offense all the way to the Heisman Trophy and numerous rushing records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1958_FIFA_World_Cup", "text": "The 1958 FIFA World Cup , the sixth staging of the World Cup , was hosted by Sweden from 8 to 29 June . The tournament was won by Brazil , who beat Sweden 5-2 in the final in the Stockholm suburb of Solna for their first title . The tournament is also notable for marking the debut on the world stage of a then 17-year-old Pelé ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Batchworth", "text": "Batchworth was once a hamlet and is now a civil parish and part of Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire . Batchworth Parish Council was created in 2017 consisting of two Three Rivers District Council wards , namely , Rickmansworth Town and Moor Park & Eastbury . The first election was on 4 May 2017 . There are eight councillors ; four in each ward . The Grand Union Canal passes through Batchworth . The Batchworth Canal Centre is alongside the Grand Union lock , near the junction of the A404 and A4145 roads . This is the home of the Rickmansworth Waterways Trust who run a visitors centre , a working heritage boat , a small outdoor cafe and co-ordination of the annual Rickmansworth Canal Festival . The future of the historic cotton mill is uncertain following its need of urgent repairs . Batchworth Sea Scouts have their headquarters alongside the canal . The Batchworth Dragons dragon boat club were born out of the scout group and competes at a national and international level . Batchworth Lake , created by the extraction of gravel for the original Wembley Stadium , is used for water skiing and forms part of Rickmansworth Aquadrome . Batchworth Heath is four hectares ( ten acres ) of designated common land around the junction of Batchworth Heath Hill , Batchworth Lane and White Hill , owned and managed by Three Rivers District Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/30-06", "text": "The .30-06 Springfield cartridge ( pronounced thirty-aught-six ) , 7.62×63mm in metric notation and called .30 Gov't '06 by Winchester , was introduced to the United States Army in 1906 and later standardized ; it remained in use until the late-1970s . The .30 refers to the caliber of the bullet in inches . The 06 refers to the year the cartridge was adopted , 1906 . It replaced the .30-03 , 6mm Lee Navy , and .30-40 Krag cartridges . The .30-06 remained the U.S. Army 's primary rifle and machine gun cartridge for nearly 50 years before being replaced by the 7.62×51mm NATO ( commercial .308 Winchester ) and 5.56×45mm NATO ( commercial .223 Remington ) , both of which remain in current U.S. and NATO service . It remains a very popular sporting round , with ammunition produced by all major manufacturers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinect_Party", "text": "Kinect Party is the sequel to Double Fine Happy Action Theater , Double Fine 's Kinect motion-sensing based casual video game for the Xbox 360 . It was published by Microsoft in 2012 . It was tentatively titled Double Fine Happy Action TV , before the game 's final name was announced when the game was announced at PAX Prime 2012 . The game was released on December 17 , 2012 . The game was delayed in Australia and New Zealand . It was added to the Xbox store for this region on March 29 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doresia_Krings", "text": "Doresia Krings ( born 13 April 1977 ) is an Austrian snowboarder . She won bronze medals at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2005 in the parallel giant slalom and parallel slalom events . She won a further bronze medal at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2007 in the parallel slalom event . Krings participated in the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Davao_del_Norte", "text": "Davao del Norte ( Cebuano : Amihanang Dabaw ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao . Its capital is Tagum City . Davao del Norte also includes Samal Island to the south in the Davao Gulf . Before 1967 , the five provinces - Davao de Oro , Davao del Norte , Davao del Sur , Davao Occidental , and Davao Oriental - were administered as a single province named Davao . The Davao Region is coterminous with this former province . Davao del Norte is also known as the banana capital of the Philippines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bournemouth_University", "text": "Bournemouth University ( abbreviated BU ) is a public university in Bournemouth , Dorset , England , with its main campus situated in neighbouring Poole . The university was founded in 1992 ; however , the origins of its predecessor date back to the early 1900s . The university currently has over 16,000 students , including over 3,000 international students . The university is recognised for its work in the media industries . Graduates from the university have worked on a number of Hollywood films , including Gravity , which was awarded the Achievement in Visual Effects Oscar at the 86th Academy Awards in 2015 . In 2017 Bournemouth University received a silver rating in the Teaching Excellence Framework , a government assessment of the quality of undergraduate teaching in universities and other higher education providers in England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Live_at_the_Half-Note", "text": "Live at the Half-Note is an album by Art Farmer 's Quartet featuring guitarist Jim Hall recorded in 1963 at the Half Note Club and released on the Atlantic label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Daniel_Alcides_Carrión", "text": "Estadio Daniel Alcides Carrión is a multi-use stadium located in Cerro de Pasco , Peru . It is used by football team Unión Minas . The stadium holds 8,000 people and is the highest stadium in the world , with an altitude of 4,380 meters ( 13,973 ft ) above sea level . This makes it very difficult for players who are not used to playing at this height and has caused some controversy . Coordinates : 10°41′06″S 76°14′53″W / 10.6850°S 76.2480°W / -10.6850 ; -76.2480"}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Köhler", "text": "Thomas Köhler ( born 25 June 1940 ) is an East German former luger who competed during the 1960s . He won three Winter Olympic medals in men 's luge with two golds ( Singles : 1964 , Doubles : 1968 ) and one silver ( Singles : 1968 ) . Köhler won five medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with three golds ( singles : 1962 , 1967 ; doubles : 1967 ) and one silver ( doubles : 1965 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buckden,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Buckden is a village and civil parish 3.7 miles ( 6.0 km ) north of St Neots and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south-west of Huntingdon , England . It lies in Huntingdonshire , a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire and a historic county . The hamlets of Stirtloe and Hardwick are also in the parish . Buckden lies close to three major transport routes of past and present . The River Great Ouse forms the eastern boundary of the parish ; the Great North Road used to pass through the centre of the village , although now there is a bypass just to the west ; the East Coast Mainline runs along the eastern side of the Great Ouse valley in the neighbouring parish of The Offords ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meriwether_Lewis", "text": "Meriwether Lewis ( August 18 , 1774 - October 11 , 1809 ) was an American explorer , soldier , politician , and public administrator , best known for his role as the leader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , also known as the Corps of Discovery , with William Clark . Their mission was to explore the territory of the Louisiana Purchase , establish trade with , and sovereignty over the natives near the Missouri River , and claim the Pacific Northwest and Oregon Country for the United States before European nations . They also collected scientific data , and information on indigenous nations . President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Governor of Upper Louisiana in 1806 . He died of gunshot wounds in what was either a murder or suicide , in 1809 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_City,_Colorado", "text": "The City of Central , commonly known as Central City , is the Home Rule Municipality in Gilpin and Clear Creek counties that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Gilpin County , Colorado , United States . The city population was 663 at the 2010 United States Census . The city is a historic mining settlement founded in 1859 during the Pike 's Peak Gold Rush and came to be known as the Richest Square Mile on Earth . Central City and the adjacent city of Black Hawk form the federally designated Central City/Black Hawk Historic District . The city is now a part of the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kashihara,_Nara", "text": "Kashihara ( 橿原市 , Kashihara-shi ) is a city located in Nara Prefecture , Japan . As of April 1 , 2015 , the city has an estimated population of 124,829 , with 52,034 households . Population density is around 3,176.79 persons per km² , and the total area is 39.52 km² . [ citation needed ] The city was founded on February 11 , 1956 . The former mayor was Yutaka Asoda , who was elected to his third term of office in 2003 . The present mayor is Yutaka Morishita , who was elected in 2007 . The exact spot of Emperor Jimmu 's descent to earth was debated for centuries until in 1863 an area that is now part of the city was claimed to be the exact location . The city was the location of the Imperial capital Fujiwara-kyō , from 694 to 710 . In the late 16th century it was said to be one of the two richest autonomous cities of Japan , as in Umi no Sakai , Riku no Imai ( tr . by the sea , Sakai - inland , Imai - Imai or ja : 今井町 is now a part of Kashihara ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helena_Lucas", "text": "Helena Lucas MBE ( born 29 April 1975 ) is a British Paralympic sailor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chet_Simmons", "text": "Chester Robert Chet Simmons ( July 11 , 1928 - March 25 , 2010 ) was a television executive . He worked at ABC Sports , NBC Sports and ESPN , and was the first Commissioner of the USFL . From 1957 to 1964 , he helped build ABC Sports into a leader in sports programming and was a key part of the development of Wide World of Sports . He joined NBC Sports in 1964 where he stayed for 15 years becoming the first President in 1977 . At NBC , he pioneered instant replay and coverage of the Olympics and NCAA Men 's Basketball Final Four . In 1979 , he left NBC to join the soon to launch ESPN becoming its second President . At ESPN , he oversaw the launch of the Network , the development of SportsCenter , the first broadcasts of the NFL Draft , coverage of the early rounds of the NCAA Men 's Basketball Final Four and the development of Chris Berman , Bob Ley , George Grande , Greg Gumbel and Dick Vitale . In 1982 , he became the first Commissioner of the United States Football League and led it through three Championships and players including Herschel Walker , Jim Kelly , Reggie White , Steve Young and Anthony Carter . He is the 2005 recipient of the Sports Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award and a member of the University of Alabama College of Communications and Information Sciences Hall of Fame . He was inducted into the Sports Broadcasting Hall of Fame in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1933_Pittsburgh_Panthers_football_team", "text": "The 1933 Pittsburgh Panthers football team was an American football team that represented the University of Pittsburgh as an independent during the 1933 college football season . In its tenth season under head coach Jock Sutherland , the team compiled an 8-1 record , shut out seven of its nine opponents , and outscored all opponents by a total of 147 to 13 . The team played its home games at Pitt Stadium in Pittsburgh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Houston_Oilers_season", "text": "The 1995 Houston Oilers season was the 36th season overall and 26th with the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team bested their previous seasons output of 2-14 , winning seven games , but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season . The Oilers draft Quarterback Steve McNair with the third overall draft pick . However , McNair would start the season on the bench behind free agent signee Chris Chandler . Chandler would play solid football as the Oilers showed improvement in their first full year under Jeff Fisher finishing with a 7-9 record . However , the story of the season came on November 16th when Bud Adams announced plans to move the team to Nashville when the lease at the Astrodome expired in 1998 . The Oilers were the debut opponent of expansion team the Jacksonville Jaguars , just as they had been with the previous NFL expansion and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metiskow,_Alberta", "text": "Metiskow is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Provost No . 52 . It is located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) southwest of Highway 13 , approximately 105 kilometres ( 65 mi ) southwest of Lloydminster . Also , Metiskow is approximately 28 kilometres away from Provost , Alberta , according to Google Maps . The mayor of Metiskow is Amanda Hunter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FK_Austria_Wien", "text": "Fußballklub Austria Wien ( German pronunciation : [ ˈaʊ̯stri̯aː ˈviːn ] ; known in English as Austria Vienna , and usually shortened to Austria in German-speaking countries ) , is an Austrian association football club from the capital city of Vienna . It has won the most national titles of any Austrian club from the top flight . It has won 24 Austrian Bundesliga titles and is one of only two sides that have never been relegated from the Austrian top flight . With 27 victories in the Austrian Cup and six in the Austrian Supercup , Austria Wien is also the most successful club in each of those tournaments . The club reached the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup final in 1978 , and the semi-finals of the European Cup the season after . The club plays at the Franz Horr Stadium , known as the Generali Arena since a 2010 naming rights deal with an Italian insurance company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bristol_Buckmaster", "text": "The Bristol Buckmaster was an advanced British training aircraft operated by the Royal Air Force during the 1950s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buckingham", "text": "Buckingham ( /ˈbʌkɪŋ ( h ) əm/ BUK-ing- ( h ) əm ) is a town in north Buckinghamshire , England , close to the borders of Northamptonshire and Oxfordshire , which had a population of 12,043 at the 2011 Census . It is a civil parish with a town council . Buckingham was the county town of Buckinghamshire from the 10th century , when it was made the capital of the newly formed shire of Buckingham , until Aylesbury took over this role early in the 18th century . Buckingham has a variety of restaurants and pubs , typical of a small market town . It has a number of local shops , both national and independent . Market days are Tuesday and Saturday which take over Market Hill and the High Street cattle pens . Buckingham is twinned with Mouvaux , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/3.7_cm_Infanteriegeschütz_M.15", "text": "The 3.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz M.15 was an Austro-Hungarian cannon developed for use in the trenches during the First World War . The name indicates the caliber in centimeters , the gun 's role Infanteriegeschütz which in German means infantry support gun and the model according to the year of introduction . Captured Austrian guns and Italian produced copies were first designated Cannon 37F and later as 37/10 F. Mod . 1915 in the 1930s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KK_Zemun", "text": "Košarkaški klub Zemun ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кошаркашки клуб Земун ) , commonly referred to as KK Zemun Fitofarmacija for sponsorship reasons , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Belgrade , Serbia . They are currently competing in the Second Men 's League of Serbia ( 2nd-tier ) . Since 2015 , the club has been organizing the Dado Trophy of Zemun in honor of their former player and coach Vladimir Dado Arnautović ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whittier_Law_School", "text": "Whittier Law School was a law school in Costa Mesa , California founded in 1966 . The law school was part of Whittier College , a private institution . After several years of being ranked among the poorest performing law schools in the country based on bar passage rate and job placement , on April 15 , 2017 , Whittier Law School announced it would no longer be admitting students and would discontinue its legal program . The closure of Whittier Law School will make it the first law school with full accreditation by the American Bar Association ( ABA ) to shut down in at least 30 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thailand_Masters", "text": "The Thailand Masters was a professional snooker tournament . Previously known as Asian Open and Thailand Open , it was a ranking tournament from 1989/90 to 2001/02 . An event called the Thailand Masters also formed part of the World Series in 1991/92 , with Steve Davis beating Stephen Hendry 6-3 . The final champion was Marco Fu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westlake,_Los_Angeles", "text": "Westlake is a residential and commercial neighborhood in Central Los Angeles , California . It was developed in the 1920s , but many of its elegant mansions have been turned into apartments , and many new multiple-occupancy buildings have been constructed . Westlake is a high-density area , with a young and heavily Latino population . It has a score of primary and secondary schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_H._W._Bush", "text": "George Herbert Walker Bush ( June 12 , 1924 - November 30 , 2018 ) was an American politician and businessman who served as the 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993 . Since around 2000 he has usually been called George H. W. Bush , Bush Senior , or Bush 41 to distinguish him from his eldest son , George W. Bush , who served as the 43rd president from 2001 to 2009 . A member of the Republican Party , Bush also served in the U.S. House of Representatives , as U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations , as Director of Central Intelligence , and as the 43rd vice president of the United States . Bush was raised in Greenwich , Connecticut and attended Phillips Academy before serving in the United States Navy during World War II . After the war , he graduated from Yale University and moved to West Texas , where he established a successful oil company . After an unsuccessful run for the United States Senate , he won election to the 7th congressional district of Texas in 1966 . President Richard Nixon appointed Bush to the position of Ambassador to the United Nations in 1971 and to the position of chairman of the Republican National Committee in 1973 . In 1974 , President Gerald Ford appointed him as the Chief of the Liaison Office to the People 's Republic of China , and in 1976 Bush became the Director of Central Intelligence . Bush ran for president in 1980 , but was defeated in the Republican presidential primaries by Ronald Reagan . He was then elected vice president in 1980 and 1984 as Reagan 's running mate . In the 1988 presidential election , Bush defeated Democrat Michael Dukakis , becoming the first incumbent vice president to be elected president in 152 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Racketeer_Influenced_and_Corrupt_Organizations_Act", "text": "The Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations ( RICO ) Act is a United States federal law that provides for extended criminal penalties and a civil cause of action for acts performed as part of an ongoing criminal organization . The RICO Act focuses specifically on racketeering and allows the leaders of a syndicate to be tried for the crimes they ordered others to do or assisted them in doing , closing a perceived loophole that allowed a person who instructed someone else to , for example , murder , to be exempt from the trial because they did not actually commit the crime personally . RICO was enacted by section 901 ( a ) of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970 ( Pub.L . 91-452 , 84 Stat . 922 , enacted October 15 , 1970 ) and is codified at 18 U.S.C . ch . 96 as 18 U.S.C . §§ 1961-1968 . G. Robert Blakey , an adviser to the United States Senate Government Operations Committee , drafted the law under the close supervision of the committee 's chairman , Senator John Little McClellan . It was enacted as Title IX of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970 , and signed into law by Richard M. Nixon . While its original use in the 1970s was to prosecute the Mafia as well as others who were actively engaged in organized crime , its later application has been more widespread . Beginning in 1972 , 33 states adopted state RICO laws to be able to prosecute similar conduct ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Small_Voices", "text": "Small Voices or Mga Munting Tinig is a 2002 Philippine drama film directed by Gil Portes and Adolfo Alix , Jr . The film set in a public school won 11 awards and was nominated for 11 other including Gawad Urian Awards . It is the only Filipino film to be released by Warner Bros. Pictures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Steelers", "text": "The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) North division . Founded in 1933 , the Steelers are the seventh-oldest franchise in the NFL , and they are the oldest franchise in the AFC . In contrast with their status as perennial also-rans in the pre-merger NFL , where they were the oldest team never to have won a league championship , the Steelers of the post-merger ( modern ) era are among the most successful NFL franchises . The team is tied with the New England Patriots for the most Super Bowl titles at six , and they have both played in ( 16 times ) and hosted ( 11 times ) more conference championship games than any other team in the NFL . The Steelers have also won eight AFC championships , tied with the Denver Broncos , but behind the Patriots ' record 11 AFC championships . The team is tied with the Broncos and Dallas Cowboys for the second-most Super Bowl appearances with eight . They lost their most recent championship appearance , Super Bowl XLV , on February 6 , 2011 . The Steelers , whose history may be traced to a regional pro team that was established in the early 1920s , joined the NFL as the Pittsburgh Pirates on July 8 , 1933 . The team was owned by Art Rooney and took its original name from the baseball team of the same name , as was common practice for NFL teams at the time . To distinguish them from the baseball team , local media took to calling the football team the Rooneymen , an unofficial nickname that persisted for decades after the team had adopted its current nickname . The ownership of the Steelers has remained within the Rooney family since the organization 's founding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FBI", "text": "The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) is the domestic intelligence and security service of the United States and its principal federal law enforcement agency . Operating under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Justice , the FBI is also a member of the U.S. Intelligence Community and reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence . A leading U.S. counter-terrorism , counterintelligence , and criminal investigative organization , the FBI has jurisdiction over violations of more than 200 categories of federal crimes . Although many of the FBI 's functions are unique , its activities in support of national security are comparable to those of the British MI5 and the Russian FSB . Unlike the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , which has no law enforcement authority and is focused on intelligence collection abroad , the FBI is primarily a domestic agency , maintaining 56 field offices in major cities throughout the United States , and more than 400 resident agencies in smaller cities and areas across the nation . At an FBI field office , a senior-level FBI officer concurrently serves as the representative of the Director of National Intelligence . Despite its domestic focus , the FBI also maintains a significant international footprint , operating 60 Legal Attache ( LEGAT ) offices and 15 sub-offices in U.S. embassies and consulates across the globe . These foreign offices exist primarily for the purpose of coordination with foreign security services and do not usually conduct unilateral operations in the host countries . The FBI can and does at times carry out secret activities overseas , just as the CIA has a limited domestic function ; these activities generally require coordination across government agencies . The FBI was established in 1908 as the Bureau of Investigation , the BOI or BI for short . Its name was changed to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) in 1935 . The FBI headquarters is the J. Edgar Hoover Building , located in Washington , D.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baljit_Singh_Deo", "text": "Baljit Singh Deo is an Indian music video and movie director in the Punjabi language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lacrosse_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "A field lacrosse game was played between Canada and Great Britain at the 1908 Summer Olympics . The game marked the second appearance of lacrosse at the Olympics , the first being at the 1904 Summer Olympics . Only two teams competed - one fewer than in 1904 . South Africa was slated to send a team but then withdrew prior to the tournament . Both teams held try-outs to select the players to represent their country . The game was tied 9-9 in the fourth period , before Canada scored 5 straight goals to pull ahead . Canada won 14-10 to earn their second of two gold medals , the only lacrosse gold medals given out in the Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Road_Games_(EP)", "text": "Road Games is an EP ( or , according to its vinyl sleeve , a specially-priced 6-cut mini album ) by guitarist Allan Holdsworth , released in 1983 through Warner Bros. Records originally on vinyl only ; a CD edition was reissued through Gnarly Geezer Records in 2001 . Holdsworth claimed to have received no royalties from either release , naming it as one of his least favourite recordings due to numerous creative differences with executive producer Ted Templeman . Road Games nonetheless received a nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1984 Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finnish_Meteorological_Institute", "text": "The Finnish Meteorological Institute ( Finnish : Ilmatieteen laitos , Swedish : Meteorologiska institutet , or simply FMI ) is the government agency responsible for gathering and reporting weather data and forecasts in Finland . It is a part of the Ministry of Transport and Communications but it operates semi-autonomously . The Institute is an impartial research and service organisation with expertise covering a wide range of atmospheric science activities other than gathering and reporting weather data and forecasts . The headquarters of the Institute is in Kumpula Campus , Helsinki , Finland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rude_Mood", "text": "Rude Mood is the sixth track on Stevie Ray Vaughan 's debut album Texas Flood . It is a blues shuffle instrumental in 4/4 ( common time ) and played at a challenging 264 beats per minute . The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance in 1984 but lost to Sting 's Brimstone and Treacle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Intercontinental_Cup_(baseball)", "text": "The 2006 IBAF Intercontinental Cup was held in Taichung , Taiwan from November 9 through the 19th . Eight countries contested the tournament , which was played at Taichung Baseball Field and the newly built Taichung Intercontinental Baseball Stadium . The participating countries were Cuba , Australia , Italy , the Netherlands , Japan , South Korea , the Philippines in addition to the hosts from Chinese Taipei ( Taiwan ) . The tournament was sanctioned by the International Baseball Federation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italo_Tajo", "text": "Italo Tajo ( April 25 , 1915March 28 , 1993 ) was an Italian operatic bass , particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles . Tajo was born in Pinerolo , Piedmont , Italy and studied violin and voice at the Music Conservatory of Turin with Nilde Stichi-Bertozzi . He made his stage debut in 1935 , as Fafner ( Das Rheingold ) , under Fritz Busch . At Busch 's invitation , he followed him to Glyndebourne , where he became a member of the chorus , also appearing in comprimario roles . In 1939 , he returned to Italy , where he became a member of the Rome Opera , in 1942 taking part in the Italian premiere of Berg 's Wozzeck . In 1940 , he joined the Teatro alla Scala in Milan , where he sang regularly until 1956 . He appeared with the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in 1942 , as Leporello in Don Giovanni , a role he would sing numerous times during his career . In 1961 , the bass performed in the world premiere of Luigi Nono 's Intolleranza 1960 , in Venice . The war over , his career quickly took an international turn , with debuts in Paris , London , Edinburgh and Buenos Aires . In 1946 , he made his debut at the Chicago Opera Company , and 1948 saw his debut at both the San Francisco Opera and Metropolitan Opera in New York ( Don Basilio in The Barber of Seville , with Giuseppe Valdengo ) ; his other roles at the Met included Figaro , Leporello , Don Basilio , Dulcamara , Don Pasquale , Gianni Schicchi , etc . Although he made a specialty of comic roles , he sang a fair number of serious roles , notably Verdi 's Attila and Banco , and Mussorgsky 's Boris Godunov . He also created Samuel in Darius Milhaud 's David , as well as roles in operas by Berio , Lualdi , Malipiero and Nono ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ullevaal_Stadion", "text": "Ullevaal Stadion ( Norwegian pronunciation : [ ˈʉ̀lːəvɔl ] ) is an all-seater football stadium located in Oslo , Norway . It is the home ground of the Norway national football team , and the site of the Norwegian Cup Final . From its opening in 1926 to 2009 it was the home ground of FK Lyn and from 1999 to 2017 was a home ground of Vålerenga IF . With a capacity of approximately 28,000 , it is the largest football stadium in Norway . The national stadium is fully owned by the Football Association of Norway ( NFF ) . The stadium opened on 26 September 1926 as the home ground for Lyn and several other local teams . The first international match was played in 1927 , and NFF started gradually purchasing part of the stadium company . The peak attendance dates from 1935 , when 35,495 people saw Norway play Sweden . Since 1948 , Ullevaal has hosted the finals of the Norwegian Football Cup , and in 1967 the Japp Stand was completed . A new renovation started with the completion of the single-tier West Stand in 1985 , and continued with the two-tier North and East Stands in 1990 and the South Stand in 1998 . Ullevaal hosted the finals of the UEFA Women 's Euro in 1987 and 1997 . In conjunction with the stadium is the head office of many sports federations , a bandy field , and commercial property including a conference center , hotel and shopping mall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_Delahanty", "text": "Edward James Delahanty ( October 30 , 1867 - July 2 , 1903 ) , nicknamed Big Ed , was an American professional baseball player , who spent his Major League Baseball ( MLB ) playing career with the Philadelphia Quakers , Cleveland Infants , Philadelphia Phillies , and Washington Senators . He was renowned as one of the game 's early power hitters , and while primarily a left fielder , also spent time as an infielder . Delahanty won a batting title , batted over .400 three times , and has the fifth-highest career batting average in MLB history . He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame , in 1945 . Delahanty died falling into Niagara Falls or the Niagara River , after being removed from a train while intoxicated . Delahanty 's biographer argues that :"}
{"title": "/wiki/U.S._Open_(golf)", "text": "The United States Open Championship , commonly known as the U.S. Open , is the annual open national championship of golf in the United States . It is the third of the four major championships in golf , and is on the official schedule of both the PGA Tour and the European Tour . Since 1898 the competition has been 72 holes of stroke play ( 4 rounds on an 18-hole course ) , with the winner being the player with the lowest total number of strokes . It is staged by the United States Golf Association ( USGA ) in mid-June , scheduled so that , if there are no weather delays , the final round is played on the third Sunday . The U.S. Open is staged at a variety of courses , set up in such a way that scoring is very difficult , with a premium placed on accurate driving . As of 2019 the U.S. Open awards a $ 12.5 million purse , the largest of all 4 major championships and tied for largest of all PGA Tour events ( The Players Championship also with $ 12.5 million ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Manitoba", "text": "The University of Manitoba ( U of M , UManitoba , or UM ) is a public research university in the province of Manitoba , Canada . Its main campus is located in the Fort Garry neighbourhood of southern Winnipeg with other campuses throughout the city . Founded in 1877 , it is the first university of western Canada . The university maintains a reputation as a top research-intensive post-secondary educational institution and conducts more research annually than any other university in the region . The U of M is the largest university both by total student enrollment and campus area in the province of Manitoba , and the 17th-largest in all of Canada . The campus boasts dozens of faculties and hundreds of degree programs . The U of M is a member of the U15 and of Universities Canada , while its global affiliations include the International Association of Universities and the Association of Commonwealth Universities . Its increased global outreach has resulted in one of the most internationally diverse student bodies in Canada , while its competitive academic and research programs have consistently ranked among the top in the Canadian Prairies . The Manitoba Bisons represent the team in athletics as a member of U Sports and Canada West Universities Athletic Association ( CWUAA ) . University of Manitoba alumni include Nobel Prize recipients , Academy Award winners , Order of Merit recipients , and Olympic medalists , among many others . As of 2019 [ update ] , there have been 99 Rhodes Scholarship recipients from the University of Manitoba , more than that of any other university in western Canada . Likewise , the university has produced countless government figures , including provincial premiers , Supreme Court justices , and Members of Parliament ( MPs ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Green_Stadium,_Awendo", "text": "Green Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Awendo , Kenya . It used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Sony Sugar . The stadium holds 5,000 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kowloon_Tong_station", "text": "Kowloon Tong ( Chinese : 九龍塘 ; Cantonese Yale : Gáulùngtòng ) is a station on MTR 's Kwun Tong Line and East Rail Line in New Kowloon , Hong Kong . The station serves Kowloon Tong and its vicinity , including Yau Yat Tsuen , the Festival Walk shopping centre , City University of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Baptist University . It is in both Kowloon City District and Sham Shui Po District . This station serves as one of the two interchange stations for the East Rail Line , leading up to the New Territories and entry point to mainland China . Therefore , it is one of the busiest stations in the system ( the other interchange Tsim Sha Tsui/East Tsim Sha Tsui is less convenient ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stanground,_Peterborough", "text": "Stanground is a residential area in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . For electoral purposes it comprises Stanground South and Fletton & Stanground wards in North West Cambridgeshire constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bremen", "text": "The City Municipality of Bremen ( /ˈbreɪmən/ , also US : /ˈbrɛmən/ ; German : Stadtgemeinde Bremen , IPA : [ ˈʃtatɡəˌmaɪndə ˈbʁeːmən ] ( listen ) ; Low German also : Breem or Bräm ) is the capital of the German federal state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen ( also called just Bremen for short ) , a two-city-state consisting of the cities of Bremen and Bremerhaven . With around 570,000 inhabitants , the Hanseatic city is the 11th largest city of Germany as well as the second largest city in Northern Germany after Hamburg . Bremen is the largest city on the River Weser , the longest river flowing entirely in Germany , lying some 60 km ( 37 mi ) upstream from its mouth into the North Sea , and is surrounded by the state of Lower Saxony . A commercial and industrial city , Bremen is , together with Oldenburg and Bremerhaven , part of the Bremen/Oldenburg Metropolitan Region , with 2.5 million people . Bremen is contiguous with the Lower Saxon towns of Delmenhorst , Stuhr , Achim , Weyhe , Schwanewede and Lilienthal . There is an exclave of Bremen in Bremerhaven , the Citybremian Overseas Port Area Bremerhaven ( Stadtbremisches Überseehafengebiet Bremerhaven ) . Bremen is the fourth largest city in the Low German dialect area after Hamburg , Dortmund and Essen . Bremen 's port , together with the port of Bremerhaven at the mouth of the Weser , is the second largest port in Germany after the Port of Hamburg . The airport of Bremen ( Flughafen Bremen Hans Koschnick ) lies in the southern borough of Neustadt-Neuenland and is Germany 's 12th busiest airport . Bremen is a major cultural and economic hub of Northern Germany . The city is home to dozens of historical galleries and museums , ranging from historical sculptures to major art museums , such as the Bremen Overseas Museum ( Übersee-Museum Bremen ) . The Bremen City Hall and the Bremen Roland are UNESCO World Heritage Sites ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rush_(band)", "text": "Rush was a Canadian rock band consisting of Geddy Lee ( bass , vocals , keyboards ) , Alex Lifeson ( guitars ) , and Neil Peart ( drums , percussion , lyricist ) . Formed in 1968 , the band went through several configurations until arriving at its longest and classic line-up when Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974 , two weeks before the group 's first tour of the United States . Rush is known for its musicianship , complex compositions , and eclectic lyrical motifs drawing heavily on science fiction , fantasy , and philosophy . The band 's musical style has changed several times over the years , from a blues-inspired hard rock beginning , later moving into progressive rock , and including a period marked by heavy use of synthesizers . In the early 1990s , Rush returned to a guitar-driven hard rock sound , which continued for the rest of their career . Rush announced plans to cease large-scale touring at the end of 2015 , following the conclusion of their R40 Live Tour . After nearly three years of an uncertain future , Lifeson reluctantly announced in January 2018 that the band was not going to continue . Peart died of brain cancer at the age of 67 on January 7 , 2020 . According to the RIAA , Rush ranks 88th with sales of 25 million units in the U.S . Although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity , several industry sources estimated Rush 's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units as of 2017 . The group has been awarded 24 gold , 14 platinum , and 3 multi-platinum albums . Rush has been nominated for seven Grammy Awards , has won several Juno Awards , and won an International Achievement Award at the 2009 SOCAN Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_Branco_Esporte_Clube", "text": "Rio Branco Esporte Clube , usually known simply as Rio Branco or as Rio Branco-SP , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) club based in the city of Americana in the São Paulo state of Brazil . It plays in the Série A2 , the second division , of the Campeonato Paulista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Masters_Tournament", "text": "The Masters Tournament ( usually referred to as simply The Masters , or the U.S. Masters outside of North America ) is one of the four major championships in professional golf . Scheduled for the first full week of April , the Masters is the first major of the year , and unlike the others , it is always held at the same location , Augusta National Golf Club , a private course in the southeastern United States , in the city of Augusta , Georgia . The Masters was started by amateur champion Bobby Jones and investment banker Clifford Roberts . After his grand slam in 1930 , Jones acquired the former plant nursery and co-designed Augusta National with course architect Alister MacKenzie . First played 86 years ago in 1934 , the tournament is an official money event on the PGA Tour , the European Tour , and the Japan Golf Tour . The field of players is smaller than those of the other major championships because it is an invitational event , held by the Augusta National Golf Club . The tournament has a number of traditions . Since 1949 , a green jacket has been awarded to the champion , who must return it to the clubhouse one year after his victory , although it remains his personal property and is stored with other champions ' jackets in a specially designated cloakroom . In most instances , only a first-time and currently reigning champion may remove his jacket from the club grounds . A golfer who wins the event multiple times uses the same green jacket awarded upon his initial win ( unless he needs to be re-fitted with a new jacket ) . The Champions Dinner , inaugurated by Ben Hogan in 1952 , is held on the Tuesday before each tournament , and is open only to past champions and certain board members of the Augusta National Golf Club . Beginning in 1963 , legendary golfers , usually past champions , have hit an honorary tee shot on the morning of the first round to commence play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hosni_Karamosly", "text": "Hosni Karamosly ( born ) is a former Tunisian male volleyball player . He was part of the Tunisia men 's national volleyball team . He competed with the national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece . He played with CS Sfaxien in 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anatomically_modern_human", "text": "Homo sapiens is the only extant human species . The name is Latin for 'wise man ' and was introduced in 1758 by Carl Linnaeus ( who is himself the lectotype for the species ) . Extinct species of the genus Homo include Homo erectus , extant from roughly 1.9 to 0.4 million years ago , and a number of other species ( by some authors considered subspecies of either H. sapiens or H. erectus ) . The divergence of the lineage leading to H. sapiens out of ancestral H. erectus ( or an intermediate species such as Homo antecessor ) is estimated to have occurred in Africa roughly 500,000 years ago . The earliest fossil evidence of early Homo sapiens appears in Africa around 300,000 years ago , with the earliest genetic splits among modern people , according to some evidence , dating to around the same time . [ note 1 ] Sustained archaic admixture is known to have taken place both in Africa and ( following the recent Out-Of-Africa expansion ) in Eurasia , between about 100,000 and 30,000 years ago . The term anatomically modern humans ( AMH ) is used to distinguish H. sapiens having an anatomy consistent with the range of phenotypes seen in contemporary humans from varieties of extinct archaic humans . This is useful especially for times and regions where anatomically modern and archaic humans co-existed , for example , in Paleolithic Europe . Omo-Kibish I ( Omo I ) from southern Ethiopia is the oldest anatomically modern Homo sapiens skeleton currently known ( 196 ± 5 ka ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinerolo", "text": "Pinerolo ( Italian pronunciation : [ pineˈrɔːlo ] ; Piedmontese : Pinareul [ pinaˈrøl ] ; French : Pignerol ; Occitan : Pineròl ) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin , Piedmont , northwestern Italy , 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Turin on the river Chisone . The Lemina torrent has its source at the boundary between Pinerolo and San Pietro Val di Lemina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Standing_Room_Only_(1944_film)", "text": "Standing Room Only is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Fred MacMurray and Paulette Goddard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellevue,_Washington", "text": "Bellevue ( /ˈbɛlvjuː/ BEL-vyoo ) is a city in the Eastside region of King County , Washington , United States , across Lake Washington from Seattle . As the third-largest city in the Seattle metropolitan area , Bellevue has variously been characterized as an edge city , a suburb , boomburb , or satellite city . Its population was 122,363 at the 2010 census and 147,599 in a 2018 census estimate . As of 2019 , the city promotes itself as a diverse , global city at the heart of Seattle 's Eastside , and home to some of the world 's most innovative technology companies . Prior to 2008 , downtown Bellevue underwent rapid change , with many high-rise projects under construction , and was relatively unaffected by the economic downturn . The downtown area is currently the second-largest city center in Washington state , with 1,300 businesses , 45,000 employees , and 10,200 residents . Based on per capita income , Bellevue is the sixth-wealthiest of 522 communities in the state of Washington . In 2008 , Bellevue was number one in CNNMoney 's list of the best places to live and launch a business , and in 2010 was again ranked as the fourth-best place to live in America . In 2014 , Bellevue was ranked as the second-best place to live by USA Today . More than 145 companies have been located in Bellevue . Current companies with headquarters in Bellevue include PACCAR Inc , T-Mobile , and Valve . The name Bellevue is derived from the French words for beautiful view ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Taylor_(referee)", "text": "Anthony Taylor ( born 20 October 1978 ) is an English professional football referee from Wythenshawe , Manchester . In 2010 , he was promoted to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate primarily in the Premier League , and in 2013 became a listed referee for FIFA allowing him to referee European and international matches . In 2015 , he officiated the Football League Cup final at Wembley Stadium . Taylor later returned to Wembley in 2017 to officiate the 2017 FA Cup final between Chelsea and Arsenal , making it his second final appearance as referee with the first one being in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_J._Hirsch", "text": "William James Buddy Hirsch ( January 11 , 1909 - October 25 , 1997 ) was an American Hall of Fame trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses . He was born in San Francisco , California , the son of Hall of Fame trainer Max Hirsch . A trainer from 1932 to 1982 , Buddy Hirsch served as a trainer for the King Ranch of Texas for more than 40 years . Although best remembered for his affiliation with King Ranch , in California he trained horses for several other prominent owners from the East Coast such as Harry Isaacs , Alfred Vanderbilt Jr. , Joan and John Hay Whitney 's Greentree Stable as well as Edward Lasker and his wife , the actress Jane Greer . Hirsch graduated from Georgetown University and worked during the Great Depression era at a Wall Street brokerage owned by Thoroughbred racing fan and stable owner Bernard Baruch . During World War II , Hirsch served with the United States Army and earned a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart . In 1977 , Hirsch turned over training duties for King Ranch to his son , Bill . In 1982 , Hirsch was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1982 . He died at age 88 in 1997 at Bal Harbour , Florida , and was buried next to his parents in the Cemetery of the Holy Rood in Westbury , Long Island , New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Starting_pitcher", "text": "In baseball ( hardball or softball ) , a starting pitcher or starter is the first pitcher in the game for each team . A pitcher is credited with a game started if they throw the first pitch to the opponent 's first batter of a game . Starting pitchers are expected to pitch for a significant portion of the game , although their ability to do this depends on many factors , including effectiveness , stamina , health , and strategy . A starting pitcher in professional baseball usually rests three , four , or five days after pitching a game before pitching another . Therefore , most professional baseball teams have four , five or six starting pitchers on their rosters . These pitchers , and the sequence in which they pitch , is known as the rotation . In modern baseball , a five-man rotation is most common . In contrast , a pitcher who enters the game after the first pitch of the game is a relief pitcher . Occasionally , an opening pitcher is used for only a few innings , and is replaced by a long reliever or a pitcher who would typically be a starting pitcher ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta_Falcons", "text": "The Atlanta Falcons are a professional American football team based in Atlanta , Georgia . The Falcons compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) South division . The Falcons joined the NFL in 1965 as an expansion team , after the NFL offered then-owner Rankin Smith a franchise to keep him from joining the rival American Football League ( AFL ) . In their 53 years of existence ( through 2018 ) , the Falcons have compiled a record of 368-466-6 ( 358-452-6 in the regular season and 10-14 in the playoffs ) , winning division championships in 1980 , 1998 , 2004 , 2010 , 2012 , and 2016 . The Falcons have appeared in two Super Bowls , the first during the 1998 season in Super Bowl XXXIII , where they lost to the Denver Broncos 34-19 , and the second was 18 years later , a 34-28 overtime loss to the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LI . The Falcons ' current home field is Mercedes-Benz Stadium , which opened for the 2017 season ; the team 's headquarters and practice facilities are located at a fifty-acre ( 20 ha ) site in Flowery Branch , northeast of Atlanta in Hall County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benwick", "text": "Benwick is a village and civil parish in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire , England . It is approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) from Peterborough and 30 miles ( 48 km ) from Cambridge . The population of Benwick was recorded as 1137 in the United Kingdom Census 2011 with 452 households ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FFB_Field", "text": "FFB Stadium is a football stadium in Belmopan , Belize . It has a capacity of 5,000 spectators . It is the home stadium for the Belize national football team , and is also used by the Premier League of Belize team Police United . Between April and July 2014 , FFB stadium received an upgrade to meet CONCACAF standards to hold international and club games . These upgrades which included installation of 1100 - 1600 lux stadium lights , a FIFA certified field with certified bleachers and sanitary facilities with team lockers , as well as a complete enhancement of existing buildings . These upgrades were possible thanks to two million dollar donation by FIFA . However , in August 2014 , CONCACAF ruled that the stadium did not meet standards to host matches in the 2014-15 CONCACAF Champions League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bodie_Island_Light", "text": "The current Bodie Island Lighthouse is the third that has stood in this vicinity of Bodie Island on the Outer Banks in North Carolina and was built in 1872 . It stands 156 feet ( 48 m ) tall and is located on the Roanoke Sound side of the first island that is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore . The lighthouse is just south of Nags Head , a few miles before Oregon Inlet . It was renovated from August 2009 to March 2013 , and was made climbable by the public . There are 214 steps that spiral to the top . The 170-foot structure is one of only a dozen remaining tall , brick tower lighthouses in the United States - and one of the few with an original first-order Fresnel lens to cast its light ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeremy_Child", "text": "Sir Coles John Jeremy Child , 3rd Baronet ( born 20 September 1944 ) is an English actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deirdre_Gogarty", "text": "Deirdre Gogarty ( born November 10 , 1969 ) is a retired Irish female boxer and current coach of the Ragin ' Cajun Boxing Club who hails from Drogheda , Ireland . She attended Drogheda Grammar School . Due to legal issues regarding Women 's Boxing in Ireland at the time , Gogarty could not engage in competition there . She currently fights out of Lafayette , Louisiana and is managed and trained by Beau Williford . However , before the law was passed in Ireland , preventing women from engaging in boxing events , Gogarty was able to begin her career there with a six-round decision win against Anne-Marie Griffin . The law preventing females from participating in the sport of boxing in Ireland has since been revoked and there is an increasing number of females becoming involved with the sport thanks to its Olympic acceptance and the consistent international success of Katie Taylor . After leaving Ireland , Gogarty 's next three fights took her to London and Kansas City , Missouri . In London , she defeated Jane Johnson twice , by a four-round knockout and by and eight-round decision . In Kansas City , she drew after six rounds with Stacy Prestage After the rematch with Johnson , she obtained her first knockout in the first round , beating Jane McGhee . Another win followed this and she was matched with Prestage again , resulting in another draw after six rounds . Following the emerging pattern , another win followed this tie and she was matched against Prestage for a rubber match . However , this time Gogarty suffered her first loss when Prestage won a ten-round decision over her ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans_Rinn", "text": "Hans Rinn ( born 19 March 1953 in Langewiesen , Bezirk Suhl ) is an East German former luger who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s . He won three medals at the Winter Olympics , including two gold ( doubles : 1976 , 1980 ) and one bronze ( singles : 1976 ) . Rinn also won eight medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with four golds ( singles : 1973 , 1977 , doubles : 1975 , 1977 ) , three silvers ( singles : 1974 , doubles : 1973 , 1979 ) , and one bronze ( 1978 ) . At the FIL European Luge Championships , Rinn won 13 medals . This included seven golds ( Men 's singles : 1973 , 1974 , 1979 ; Men 's doubles : 1973 , 1975 , 1978 , 1980 ) , six silvers ( Men 's singles : 1977 , 1978 ; Men 's doubles : 1974 , 1977 , 1979 , 1982 ) , and one bronze ( Men 's singles : 1975 ) . Rinn was inducted into the International Luge Federation Hall of Fame in 2005 along with Josef Feistmantl ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christian_Duke", "text": "Christian Duke ( born June 5 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Sporting Kansas City II in the USL Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brothers_of_the_Head", "text": "Brothers of the Head is a 2005 mockumentary featuring the story of Tom and Barry Howe ( Harry and Luke Treadaway respectively ) , conjoined twins living in the United Kingdom . It was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by science fiction writer Brian Aldiss . Tony Grisoni started working on the screenplay in 1984 . He met the directors when they were filming Lost in La Mancha about the making of the The Man Who Killed Don Quixote ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans_Granfelt", "text": "Hans Granfelt ( 26 October 1897 - 5 September 1963 ) was a Swedish fencer and discus thrower . At the 1920 Summer Olympics he competed in the discus throw and served as the Swedish flag bearer . At 1936 Summer Olympics he competed in the individual and team épée and won a team silver medal . His brothers Nils and Erik were Olympic gymnasts , and his nephew Nils Rydström became an Olympic fencer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josef_Philipp_Vukassovich", "text": "Baron Josef Philipp Vukassovich ( Croatian : Barun Josip Filip Vukasović ; [ a ] 1755 - 9 August 1809 ) was a Croatian soldier who joined the army of Habsburg Monarchy and fought against both Ottoman Empire and the First French Republic . During the French Revolutionary Wars , he commanded a brigade in the 1796-1797 Italian campaign against Napoleon Bonaparte . He led a division during the Napoleonic Wars and received a fatal wound in action . While serving in the Grenz infantry from the Croatian Military Frontier , Vukassovich received a coveted military award for notable actions in battle against the Ottomans . Still leading his Grenzers , he fought against the French in Italy . While still a colonel , he was entrusted with the command of an infantry brigade in early 1796 . Finally appointed a general officer , he participated in nearly every battle in Italy that year , including all four Austrian attempts to raise the Siege of Mantua . In 1799 , he led troops in Italy against the French with success . The following year saw him leading troops against Bonaparte again . Appointed to lead a division in Italy in 1805 , Vukassovich was soon sacked for failing to halt a French attack . The year 1809 found him leading a division in the invasion of Bavaria . He fought capably in several actions near Regensburg in April ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shanghai_Greenland_Shenhua_F.C.", "text": "Shanghai Greenland Shenhua Football Club ( simplified Chinese : 上海绿地申花足球俱乐部 ; traditional Chinese : 上海綠地申花足球俱樂部 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Lǜdì Shēnhuā Zúqiú Jùlèbù ) , is a Chinese professional football club that participates in the Chinese Super League under licence from the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) . The term shen hua literally translates as the Flower of Shanghai in English - shen is one of the alternative names of Shanghai and hua means flower in Chinese . The team is based in Kangqiao , Shanghai and their home stadium is the Hongkou Football Stadium , which has a seating capacity of 33,060 . Their majority shareholder is Chinese developer Greenland Group who took over the operation of the club when they bought the 28.5% share from previous majority shareholder Zhu Jun in 2014 . The club 's predecessor was called Shanghai F.C . and they predominantly played in the top tier , where they won several domestic league and cup titles . On 10 December 1993 the club was reorganised to become a completely professional football club so they could play in the 1994 Chinese Jia-A League season making them one of the founding members of the first fully professional top tier league in China . Since then , they have won one league title and three Chinese FA Cups . According to Forbes , Shenhua are the 6th most valuable football team in China , with a team value of $ 106 million , and an estimated revenue of $ 29 million in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anton_Maria_Schyrleus_of_Rheita", "text": "Anton ( or Antonius ) Maria Schyrleus ( also Schyrl , Schyrle ) of Rheita ( 1604-1660 ) ( ( in Czech ) Antonín Maria Šírek z Reity ) was an astronomer and optician . He developed several inverting and erecting eyepieces , and was the maker of Keplers telescope . Things appear more alive with the binocular telescope , he wrote , doubly as exact so to speak , as well as large and bright . His binocular telescope is the precursor to our binoculars . ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kataja_Basket_Club", "text": "Kataja Basket Club is a professional basketball club of sports club Kataja from Joensuu , Finland . The team plays in the Korisliiga , the highest tier of Finnish basketball . In 2015 , Kataja won its first national championship , after it beat Bisons Loimaa 3-2 in the Finnish Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._B._Bukauskas", "text": "Jacob Allen J . B. Bukauskas ( born October 11 , 1996 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks organization . He played college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bilbao_Airport", "text": "Bilbao Airport ( IATA : BIO , ICAO : LEBB ) is a public airport located 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) north of Bilbao , in the municipality of Loiu , in Biscay . It is the largest airport in the Basque Country and northern Spain , with 5,469,453 passengers in 2018 . It is famous for its new main terminal opened in 2000 designed by Santiago Calatrava ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iwaidō_Caves", "text": "Iwaidō Caves ( 岩井堂洞窟 , Iwaidō dōkutsu ) is an archaeological site containing the ruins of a Jōmon period cave dwelling located in what is now part of the city of Yuzawa , Akita in the Tōhoku region of Japan . The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quebec_City", "text": "Quebec City ( /kwɪˈbɛk/ ( listen ) or /kəˈbɛk/ ; French : Québec [ kebɛk ] ( listen ) ; French : Ville de Québec , Western Abnaki : Kephek ) , officially Québec , is the capital city of the Canadian province of Quebec . As of July 2016 the city has a population of 531,902 , and the metropolitan area had a population of 800,296 . It is the eleventh largest city and the seventh largest metropolitan area in Canada . The Algonquian people had originally named the area Kébec , an Algonquin [ note 1 ] word meaning where the river narrows , because the Saint Lawrence River narrows proximate to the promontory of Quebec and its Cape Diamant . Explorer Samuel de Champlain founded a French settlement here in 1608 , and adopted the Algonquin name . Quebec City is one of the oldest European cities in North America . The ramparts surrounding Old Quebec ( Vieux-Québec ) are the only fortified city walls remaining in the Americas north of Mexico . This area was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985 as the Historic District of Old Québec . The city 's landmarks include the Château Frontenac hotel that dominates the skyline and the Citadelle of Quebec , an intact fortress that forms the centrepiece of the ramparts surrounding the old city and includes a secondary royal residence . The National Assembly of Quebec ( provincial legislature ) , the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec ( National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec ) , and the Musée de la civilisation ( Museum of Civilization ) are found within or near Vieux-Québec ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kazakhstan", "text": "Kazakhstan , [ b ] officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , [ c ] is a transcontinental country largely located in Central Asia with the most western parts of it being located in Eastern Europe . It is the world 's largest landlocked country , and the ninth largest country in the world , with an area of 2,724,900 square kilometres ( 1,052,100 sq mi ) . Kazakhstan is the most dominant nation of Central Asia economically , generating 60% of the region 's GDP , primarily through its oil and gas industry . It also has vast mineral resources . Kazakhstan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage . Kazakhstan shares borders with Russia , China , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , and Turkmenistan , and also adjoins a large part of the Caspian Sea . The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands , steppe , taiga , rock canyons , hills , deltas , snow-capped mountains , and deserts . Kazakhstan has an estimated 18.3 million people as of 2018 [ update ] . Its population density is among the lowest , at less than 6 people per square kilometre ( 15 people per sq mi ) . Since 1997 and independence , the capital is Nur-Sultan , formerly known as Astana . It was moved from Almaty , the country 's largest city . The territory of Kazakhstan has historically been inhabited by nomadic groups and empires ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada", "text": "Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corinne_Raux", "text": "Corinne Raux , born 16 August 1976 at Combourg , is a French duathlete who was duathon world champion in 2002 . She also practiced the marathon successfully , taking 15th in the 2004 Athens Olympic marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Leake", "text": "Old Leake is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 2,022 . Old Leake is situated approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) north-east from Boston , and on the A52 road between Leverton and Wrangle at the junction of the B1184 ( from Sibsey ) . Areas included in the parish are The Gride to the north-west , Leake Commonside and Lade Bank to the north , and Leake Hurns End to the south-east . The coast of The Wash lies 3 miles ( 5 km ) to the east of the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lima", "text": "Lima ( /ˈliːmə/ , Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈlima ] ; Quechua : Limaq ) is the capital and the largest city of Peru . It is located in the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers , in the central coastal part of the country , overlooking the Pacific Ocean . Together with the seaport of Callao , it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area . With a population of more than 9 million , Lima is the most populous metropolitan area of Peru and the third-largest city in the Americas ( as defined by city proper ) , behind São Paulo and Mexico City . Lima was named by natives in the agricultural region known by native Peruvians as Limaq , a name that it had acquired over time . It became the capital and most important city in the Viceroyalty of Peru . Following the Peruvian War of Independence , it became the capital of the Republic of Peru ( República del Perú ) . Around one-third of the national population lives in the metropolitan area . Lima is home to one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in the New World . The National University of San Marcos , founded on 12 May 1551 , during the Spanish colonial empire , is the first officially established and the oldest continuously functioning university in the Americas . Nowadays the city is considered as the political , cultural , financial and commercial center of the country . Internationally , it is one of the thirty most populated urban agglomerations in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Generation_Adidas", "text": "Generation Adidas is a joint venture between Major League Soccer and U.S. Soccer aimed at raising the level of young professional soccer talent in the United States . The program , sponsored by Adidas , offers professional-ready players in the U.S. developmental system not yet eligible for the MLS SuperDraft early entry , allowing MLS to compete with foreign professional clubs without comparable restrictions on player signing . From its establishment in 1997 to 2005 , the program was sponsored by Nike and was called Project-40 . Originally intended to improve the U.S. national team player pool , American national team eligibility is no longer required for program entry . Carlos Parra was the first Project-40 player when he signed with the league and was allocated to the New York/New Jersey MetroStars in 1997 . Since then , the program has included players such as Tim Howard , DaMarcus Beasley , Maurice Edu , Carlos Bocanegra , Clint Dempsey , Jozy Altidore , Ben Olsen , Sacha Kljestan , Freddy Adu , Brad Guzan , Michael Bradley , Nick Rimando and Kyle Beckerman . Generation Adidas players do not count against the MLS senior roster and usually earn a much higher salary than the league minimum . Entering into the program automatically classifies a player as professional , and thus disqualifies them from playing college soccer . As a result , Generation Adidas players are also guaranteed scholarships to continue their college education should their professional career not pan out . From 1998 to 2000 , MLS entered a team of Project-40 players , supplemented by other MLS players who did not get much playing time , into the A-League in the USL . In 2017 , MLS introduced Canadian Generation Adidas players , part of a new initiative with the Canadian Soccer Association . Canadian Generation Adidas players count as domestic players on US based MLS teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stefan_Billborn", "text": "Stefan Billborn ( born 15 November 1972 ) is a Swedish football manager who is the head coach of Hammarby IF in Allsvenskan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California_Golden_Bears", "text": "The California Golden Bears are the athletic teams that represent the University of California , Berkeley . Referred to in athletic competition as California or Cal , the university fields 30 varsity athletic programs and various club teams in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division I primarily as a member of the Pac-12 Conference , and for a limited number of sports as a member of the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation ( MPSF ) . Over the course of the school 's history , California has won team national titles in 13 men 's and 3 women 's sports and 107 team titles overall . Cal athletes have also competed in the Olympics for a host of different countries . Notable facilities used by the Bears include California Memorial Stadium ( football ) and Haas Pavilion ( basketball and other indoor sports ) . Cal finished the 2010-11 athletic season with 1,219.50 points , earning third place in the Director 's Cup standings , the Golden Bears ' highest finish ever . Cal did not receive any points for its national championships in rugby and men 's crew because those sports are not governed by the NCAA . Cal finished 12th in the 2014-15 standings . In 2014 , Cal instituted a strict academic standard for an athlete 's admission to the university . By the 2017 academic year 80 percent of incoming student athletes were required to comply with the University of California general student requirement of having a 3.0 or higher high school grade point average . California 's nickname originated in 1895 during California 's dominant track and field team 's tour of Midwest and Eastern universities . A blue silk banner with the golden grizzly bear , the state symbol , was displayed by the team during that tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fowler,_California", "text": "Fowler ( formerly , Fowler 's Switch ) is a city in Fresno County , California , United States . It is located within the San Joaquin Valley . It has a strong agricultural community , with lush grape vineyards and expansive farmland . Fowler is located 11 miles ( 18 km ) southeast of downtown Fresno , at an elevation of 102 feet ( 94 m ) . The population was 5,570 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Willen", "text": "Willen is a district of Milton Keynes , England and is also one of the ancient villages of Buckinghamshire to have been included in the designated area of the New City in 1967 . At the 2011 Census the population of the district was included in the civil parish of Campbell Park . The original village is now a small but important part of the larger district that contains it and to which it gives its name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tymień_Wind_Farm", "text": "The Tymień Wind Farm is a group of wind turbines located in the vicinity of Tymień , West Pomeranian Voivodeship near Kołobrzeg , in the district of Koszalin . The investment cost amounted to PLN 235 million zł . The recipient of energy is Koszalin Power Plant forming part of the group Energa . Built in 2006 , by 2008 it was the largest wind farm in the country , with power up to 50 MW , higher than the open in 2003 wind farm in Zagórze near Wolin 30 MW . Currently , the largest wind park in Poland is the Margonin wind farm of 120 MW ( 60 wind turbines , each with a capacity of 2.0 MW ) , developed by the company Neolica Poland Sp . z oo owned by Energias de Portugal ( EdP ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Arizona_Cardinals_season", "text": "The 1995 Arizona Cardinals season was the franchise 's 97th season , 76th season in the National Football League , the 8th in Arizona and the second as the Arizona Cardinal . Former Seattle Seahawks quarterback Dave Krieg started in his only season with the team . The Cardinals failed to improve upon their 8-8 record from 1994 and finished 4-12 , resulting in the firing of head coach Buddy Ryan and his entire staff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ray_Donovan", "text": "Ray Donovan is an American television crime drama series created by Ann Biderman for Showtime . The twelve-episode first season premiered on June 30 , 2013 . The pilot episode broke viewership records , becoming the biggest premiere of all time on Showtime . On February 4 , 2020 , Showtime cancelled the series after seven seasons . The show was cancelled without any advance warning , leaving fans and showrunner , David Hollander , in shock . Season 8 was supposed to have been the final season , and Hollander already had a plan in place creatively for the story . A week later , Liev Schreiber commented on his Instagram that due to fans ' support and activity in media , there will be more Ray Donovan . The drama is set primarily in Los Angeles , California ( during seasons 1-5 ) and primarily in New York City , New York ( during seasons 6-7 ) . The main character is Irish American Ray Donovan ( Liev Schreiber ) , originally from South Boston , who works for the powerful law firm Goldman & Drexler , representing the rich and famous . Donovan is a crime cleaner or fixer who arranges bribes , payoffs , threats and other illegal activities , to ensure the outcome desired by the client . Good at his job , he is also normally a devoted family man . He experiences problems when his menacing father , Mickey Donovan ( Jon Voight ) , is unexpectedly released from prison , as the FBI attempts to bring him and his associates down ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bjelašnica", "text": "Bjelašnica ( pronounced [ bjělaːʃnit͡sa ] ) is a mountain in central Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is found directly to the southwest of Sarajevo , bordering Mt . Igman . Bjelašnica 's tallest peak , by which the whole mountain group got its name , rises to an elevation of 2067 meters ( 6782 feet ) . Other notable peaks are Krvavac ( 2061 m ) , Mali Vlahinja ( 2055 m ) , and Hranisava ( 1964 m ) . The Bjelašnica range is bordered by the Rakitnica in the south , the Neretva in the west , Mt Igman in the north-east and Mt Ivan in the north-west . Only at 20 minutes distance of Sarajevo , it is a popular tourist attraction for hiking and skiing . Bjelašnica has been , in certain areas , the site of extensive combat during the 1992-'95 Siege of Sarajevo and particular areas pose a high mine risk . There are numerous trails set up and maintained by local mountain clubs that lead to the bald peaks higher up . The mountain is also popular with mountain bikers and has become recently a frequent base for paragliders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(1996_film)", "text": "The Adventures of Pinocchio is a 1996 fantasy adventure film based on Carlo Collodi 's original novel of the same name co-written and directed by Steve Barron . Barron collaborated with Sherry Mills , Tom Bender and Barry Berman on the screenplay . The film was an American , British , French , Czech and German venture produced by New Line Cinema , The Kushner-Locke Company , Savoy Pictures , Pangaea Holdings and Twin Continental Films . The film stars Martin Landau , Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Rob Schneider , Udo Kier , Bebe Neuwirth , David Doyle and Geneviève Bujold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wick,_Highland", "text": "Wick ( Scottish Gaelic : Inbhir Ùige , Scots : Week ) is a town and royal burgh in Caithness , in the far north of Scotland . The town straddles the River Wick and extends along both sides of Wick Bay . Wick Locality had a population of 6,954 at the time of the 2011 census , a decrease of 3.8% from 2001 . Pulteneytown , which was developed on the south side of the river by the British Fisheries Society during the 19th century , was officially merged into the burgh in 1902 . The town is on the main road ( the A99-A9 road ) linking John o ' Groats with southern Britain . The Far North railway line links Wick railway station with southern Scotland and with Thurso , the other burgh of Caithness . Wick Airport is on Wick 's northern outskirts . The airport has two usable runways . A third is derelict . The main offices of The John O'Groat Journal and The Caithness Courier are located in Wick , as are Caithness General Hospital ( run by NHS Highland ) , the Wick Carnegie Library and local offices of the Highland Council . Wick Sheriff Court is one of 16 sheriff courts serving the sheriffdom of Grampian , Highland and Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venice_Film_Festival", "text": "The Venice Film Festival or Venice International Film Festival ( Italian : Mostra Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica della Biennale di Venezia , International Exhibition of Cinematographic Art of the Venice Biennale ) is the oldest film festival in europe and one of the Big Three film festivals , alongside the Cannes Film Festival and Berlin International Film Festival . The Big Three are internationally acclaimed for giving creators the artistic freedom to express themselves through film . Founded in Venice , Italy in August 1932 , the festival is part of the Venice Biennale , one of the world oldest exhibitions of art , founded by the Venice City Council on 19 April 1893 . The range of work at the Venice Biennale now covers Italian and international art , architecture , dance , music , theatre , and cinema . These works are experienced at separate exhibitions : the International Art Exhibition , the International Festival of Contemporary Music , the International Theatre Festival , the International Architecture Exhibition , the International Festival of Contemporary Dance , the International Kids ' Carnival , and the annual Venice Film Festival , which is arguably the best-known of all the events . The festival is held in late August or early September on the island of the Lido in the Venice Lagoon . Screenings take place in the historic Palazzo del Cinema on the Lungomare Marconi . The festival continues to be one of the world 's most popular and fastest-growing . The 77th Venice International Film Festival will be held from 2 to 12 September 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_V-League", "text": "V-League 2008 was the 25th season of Vietnam 's professional football league . The league was held from January 6 , 2008 to August 24 , 2008 . Petro Vietnam was the league sponsor for the second season ( Since 2007 ) . Bình Dương F.C . won their second titles in this season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tales_from_Shakespeare", "text": "Tales from Shakespeare is an English children 's book written by brother and sister Charles and Mary Lamb in 1807 . The book is designed to make the stories of Shakespeare 's plays familiar to the young . Mary Lamb was responsible for the comedies , while Charles wrote the tragedies ; they wrote the preface between them . Marina Warner , in her introduction to the Penguin 2007 edition , says that Mary did not get her name on the title page till the seventh edition in 1838 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milton_Keynes_Bowl", "text": "The National Bowl ( originally the Milton Keynes Bowl ) is an entertainment venue located in Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . The site was a former clay-pit ( for brick-making ) , filled in and raised to form an amphitheatre using sub-soil excavated by the many new developments in the area and it has a current maximum capacity of 65,000 . The arena is open-air grassland , without seats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthias_Ward", "text": "Matthias Ward ( October 13 , 1805 - October 5 , 1861 ) was a lawyer and United States Senator from Texas . Born in Elbert County , Georgia , Ward was raised in Madison County , Alabama . In 1836 he settled in Bowie , Texas , moving to Clarksville , Texas in 1845 and later to Jefferson , Texas . Ward served in the Congress of the Republic of Texas and later in the state Senate as a Democrat . This was followed by unsuccessful campaigns for lieutenant governor in 1851 and United States Congress in 1855 . Upon J. Pinckney Hendersons death in 1858 , Ward was appointed to replace him in the United States Senate ; he failed to secure the nomination to run for the seat in election the next year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Antonio,_Texas", "text": "San Antonio ( /ˌsæn ænˈtoʊnioʊ/ ; from Spanish , Saint Anthony , Spanish pronunciation : [ sa.n‿anˈto.njo ] ) , officially the City of San Antonio , is the seventh-most populous city in the United States , and the second-most populous city in both Texas and the Southern United States , with more than 1.5 million residents . Founded as a Spanish mission and colonial outpost in 1718 , the city became the first chartered civil settlement in present-day Texas in 1731 . The area was still part of the Spanish Empire , and later of the Mexican Republic . It is the state 's oldest municipality , having celebrated its 300th anniversary on May 1 , 2018 . The city 's deep history is contrasted with its rapid growth over the past few decades . It was the fastest-growing of the top ten largest cities in the United States from 2000 to 2010 , and the second from 1990 to 2000 . Straddling the regional divide between South and Central Texas , San Antonio anchors the southwestern corner of an urban megaregion colloquially known as the Texas Triangle . The Greater San Antonio and Greater Austin areas are separated from each other by 80 miles along Interstate 35 between which lie the city of New Braunfels , Texas . San Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County ; San Antonio is the center of the San Antonio-New Braunfels metropolitan statistical area . Commonly called Greater San Antonio , the metro area has a population of 2,473,974 based on the 2017 U.S. census estimate , making it the 24th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and third-largest in Texas . San Antonio was named by a 1691 Spanish expedition for Saint Anthony of Padua , whose feast day is June 13 . The city contains five 18th-century Spanish frontier missions , including The Alamo and San Antonio Missions National Historical Park , which together were designated UNESCO World Heritage sites in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Negeri_Sembilan_FA", "text": "Negeri Sembilan Football Association or simply known as Negeri Sembilan is a Malaysian professional football club based in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan that competes in the Malaysia Premier League . Founded in 1923 , the club 's home ground Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium . Negeri Sembilan won their first major honour in 1948 Malaysia Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlie_Major", "text": "Charles Bernard Major ( born December 31 , 1954 ) is a Canadian country music artist . He has recorded seven studio albums and released more than twenty singles . In 2019 he was inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2014 AFC Cup was the 11th edition of the AFC Cup , a football competition organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) for clubs from developing countries in Asia . Al-Kuwait were the two-time defending champions , but were eliminated by Persipura Jayapura in the quarter-finals . In the final , Al-Qadsia of Kuwait defeated Erbil of Iraq 4-2 on penalties after a 0-0 draw , to win their first AFC Cup title after losing in the previous year 's final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1998_NFL_season", "text": "The 1998 NFL season was the 79th regular season of the National Football League . The season culminated with Super Bowl XXXIII , with the Denver Broncos defeating the Atlanta Falcons 34-19 at Pro Player Stadium . The Broncos had won their first thirteen games , the best start since the undefeated 1972 Dolphins , and were tipped by some to have a realistic chance at winning all nineteen games . The Minnesota Vikings became the first team since the 1968 Baltimore Colts to win all but one of their regular season games and not win the Super Bowl . After no team had won 14 regular season games since the 1992 49ers , three teams went 14-2 or better for the only time in a 16-game season . Football Outsiders noted :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Paula_Abdul", "text": "Paula Julie Abdul ( born June 19 , 1962 ) is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , choreographer , actress , and television personality . She began her career as a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers at the age of 18 and later became the head choreographer for the Laker Girls , where she was discovered by The Jacksons . After choreographing music videos for Janet Jackson , Abdul became a choreographer at the height of the music video era and soon thereafter she was signed to Virgin Records . Her debut studio album Forever Your Girl ( 1988 ) became one of the most successful debut albums at that time , selling 7 million copies in the United States and setting a record for the most number-one singles from a debut album on the Billboard Hot 100 chart : Straight Up , Forever Your Girl , Cold Hearted , and Opposites Attract . Her six number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 tie her with Diana Ross for seventh among the female solo performers who have topped the chart . Abdul was one of the original judges on the television series American Idol from 2002 to 2009 , and has since appeared as a judge on The X Factor , Live to Dance , and So You Think You Can Dance . Notably , she received choreography credits in numerous films , including Ca n't Buy Me Love ( 1987 ) , The Running Man ( 1987 ) , Big ( 1988 ) , Coming to America ( 1988 ) , Action Jackson ( 1988 ) , The Doors ( 1991 ) , Jerry Maguire ( 1996 ) , and American Beauty ( 1999 ) . She has received five MTV Video Music Award nominations , winning twice , as well as receiving the Grammy Award for Best Music Video for Opposites Attract in 1991 . She received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography twice for her work on The Tracey Ullman Show , and her own performance at the American Music Awards in 1990 . Abdul was honored with her own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , and is the first entertainer to be honored with the Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards ' Hall of Fame Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terry_Mercer", "text": "Terry M. Mercer ( born May 6 , 1947 ) is a Canadian Senator . A long-time fundraiser and organizer for the Liberal Party of Canada , Mercer was appointed to the Senate representing Nova Scotia by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien in November 2003 , shortly before Prime Minister Chrétien 's retirement . Mercer served as National Director of the Liberal Party during much of Chrétien 's tenure as party leader . Mercer has been an administrator and fundraiser for numerous charitable organizations such as the Kidney Foundation of Canada , St. John Ambulance , the Nova Scotia Lung Association , the YMCA and the Canadian Diabetes Association and is currently Past Chair of the Association of Fundraising Professionals ' Foundation for Philanthropy in Canada . Prior to entering the charitable sector , Mercer worked as Executive Assistant to Nova Scotia 's Minister of Labour and Housing from 1974 to 1978 . In February 2013 , Mercer became a subject of criticism for having spent the most out of any senator in the past year . On January 29 , 2014 , Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau announced all Liberal Senators , including Mercer , were removed from the Liberal caucus , and would continue sitting as Independents . The senators refer to themselves as the Senate Liberal Caucus even though they are no longer members of the parliamentary Liberal caucus . With the Senate Liberal Caucus facing losing official parliamentary caucus status in 2020 with a third of its caucus facing mandatory retirements on their turning age 75 , Senator Joseph Day announced that the Senate Liberal Caucus had been dissolved and a new Progressive Senate Group formed in its wake , with the entire membership joining the new group , including this senator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tees,_Alberta", "text": "Tees is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within Lacombe County . It is located 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) north of Highway 12 , approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Red Deer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dunedin_(New_Zealand_electorate)", "text": "Dunedin or the City of Dunedin or the Town of Dunedin was a parliamentary electorate in the city of Dunedin in Otago , New Zealand . It was one of the original electorates created in 1853 and existed , with two breaks , until 1905 . It was the only New Zealand electorate that was created as a single-member , two-member and three member electorate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avignon_–_Caumont_Airport", "text": "Avignon Provence Airport ( French : Aéroport Avignon Provence , IATA : AVN , ICAO : LFMV ) is an airport located in the city of Avignon and 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) west of Caumont-sur-Durance , in the Vaucluse department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethiopia", "text": "Ethiopia ( /ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə/ ; Amharic : ኢትዮጵያ , ʾĪtyōṗṗyā , listen ( help·info ) , Tigrinya : ኢትዮጵያ , Oromo : Itiyoophiyaa , Somali : Itoobiya , Afar : Itiyoophiyaa ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a landlocked country in the Horn of Africa . It shares borders with Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia , and the de facto state of Somaliland to the east , Kenya to the south , South Sudan to the west and Sudan to the northwest . With over 109 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world and the second-most populous nation on the African continent with a total area of 1,100,000 square kilometres ( 420,000 sq mi ) . Its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa , which lies a few miles west of the East African Rift that splits the country into the Nubian and Somali tectonic plates . Some of the oldest skeletal evidence for anatomically modern humans has been found in Ethiopia . It is widely considered as the region from which modern humans first set out for the Middle East and places beyond . According to linguists , the first Afroasiatic-speaking populations settled in the Horn region during the ensuing Neolithic era . Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BCE , Ethiopia 's governmental system was a monarchy for most of its history . Oral literature tells that the monarchy was founded by the Solomonic dynasty of the Queen of Sheba , under its first king , Menelik I . In the first centuries , the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region , followed by the Ethiopian Empire circa 1137 . During the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa , Ethiopia and Liberia were two nations that preserved their sovereignty from long-term colonisation by a European colonial power and many newly-independent nations on the continent subsequently adopted its flag colours . However , the country was later occupied by Italy in 1936 and became Italian Ethiopia ( part of Italian East Africa ) until it was liberated during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Western_Province,_Sri_Lanka", "text": "North Western Province ( Sinhala : වයඹ පළාත Wayamba Palata , Tamil : வட மேல் மாகாணம் Vada Mael Maakaanam ) is a province of Sri Lanka . The province consists of the districts of Kurunegala and Puttalam . Its capital is Kurunegala , which has a population of 28,571 . The province is known mainly for its numerous coconut plantations . Other main towns in this province are Chilaw ( 24,712 ) and Puttalam ( 45,661 ) , which are both small fishing towns . The majority of the population of Wayamba province is of Sinhalese ethnicity . There is also a substantial Sri Lankan Moor minority around Puttalam and Sri Lankan Tamils in Udappu and Munneswaram . Fishing , prawn farming and rubber tree plantations are other prominent industries of the region . The province has an area of 7,888 km² , and a population of 2,370,075 ( 2011 census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cass-Davenport_Historic_District", "text": "The Cass-Davenport Historic District is a historic district containing four apartment buildings in Detroit , Michigan , roughly bounded by Cass Avenue , Davenport Street , and Martin Luther King , Jr. Boulevard . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 . The Milner Arms Apartments ( originally known as the Hotel Stevenson ) abuts , but is not within , the district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beach_kabaddi_at_the_2010_Asian_Beach_Games", "text": "Beach kabaddi at the 2010 Asian Beach Games was held from 12 December to 16 December 2010 in Muscat , Oman . Competitions were held at the North Al-Hail ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts", "text": "Massachusetts ( /ˌmæsəˈtʃuːsɪts/ ( listen ) , /-zɪts/ ) , officially known as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . It borders on the Atlantic Ocean to the east , the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south , New Hampshire and Vermont to the north , and New York to the west . The capital of Massachusetts is Boston , which is also the most populous city in New England . It is home to the Greater Boston metropolitan area , a region influential upon American history , academia , and industry . Originally dependent on agriculture , fishing and trade , Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution . During the 20th century , Massachusetts 's economy shifted from manufacturing to services . Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade . Plymouth was the site of the second colony in New England after Popham Colony in 1607 in what is now Maine . Plymouth was founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower . In 1692 , the town of Salem and surrounding areas experienced one of America 's most infamous cases of mass hysteria , the Salem witch trials . In 1777 , General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory , which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances , including interchangeable parts . In 1786 , Shays ' Rebellion , a populist revolt led by disaffected American Revolutionary War veterans , influenced the United States Constitutional Convention ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Tennessee_State_Buccaneers_football", "text": "The East Tennessee State Buccaneers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for East Tennessee State University ( ETSU ) located in Johnson City , Tennessee . The team was dormant from the end of the 2003 season until being reinstated for the 2015 season . They played all of their 2015 home games and all but one of their 2016 home games at Kermit Tipton Stadium before the opening of the new William B. Greene Jr. Stadium for the 2017 season . The remaining 2016 home game , against Western Carolina on September 17 , was played at nearby Bristol Motor Speedway . Before ETSU dropped football , it competed in NCAA Division I as a Southern Conference ( SoCon ) football program . The revived program played as an independent in 2015 before returning to the SoCon in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seven_Network", "text": "The Seven Network ( commonly known as Channel Seven or simply Seven ) is a major Australian commercial free-to-air television network . It is owned by Seven West Media Limited , and is one of five main free-to-air television networks in Australia . Channel Seven 's head office is in Sydney . As of 2019 , the Seven Network is the second-highest rated television network and primary channel in Australia , behind the Nine Network and ahead of Network 10 , the ABC and SBS . The Seven Network is the broadcaster of popular franchises and programs , including the AFL , the Cricket , the Olympics , Sunrise , My Kitchen Rules , Big Brother Australia , The Chase Australia , Australia 's Got Talent , House Rules , Home and Away , Better Homes & Gardens and Seven News . In 2011 the Seven Network won all 40 out of 40 weeks of the ratings season for total viewers . Seven is the first to achieve this since the introduction of the OzTAM ratings system in 2001 . As of 2014 , it is the second largest network in the country in terms of population reach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pioneer_Football_League", "text": "The Pioneer Football League ( PFL ) is a collegiate athletic conference which operates in the United States . The conference participates in the NCAA 's Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) as a football-only conference . It has member schools that range from New York , North Carolina , and Florida in the east to California in the west . It is headquartered in St. Louis , in the same complex that also contains the offices of the Missouri Valley Conference and Missouri Valley Football Conference . Unlike most other Division I FCS conferences , the Pioneer League consists of institutions that choose not to award athletic scholarships ( grants-in-aid ) to football players . Most of the PFL 's members are private schools . Morehead State University is currently the only public school in the conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pentagón", "text": "Pentagón is a lucha libre , or professional wrestling , persona also referred to as a gimmick that has been portrayed by a number of different people over the years . The gimmick was created as an Evil twin of professional wrestler Octagón and is always a rudo , or heel character ( A character portraying the bad guy in wrestling . ) The gimmick was created by AAA owner Antonio Peña in 1995 , giving AAA the rights to the name Pentagón , which meant that when wrestlers who played Pentagón left AAA they had to modify the name such as Pentagón Black . There have been at least three distinctive versions of Pentagón Following the introduction of the Pentagón persona Peña also introduced Pentagoncito , a Mini-Estrellas of Pentagón to act as the protagonist against the Mini-Estrella Octagoncito . There has been at least two diffent people under the Pentagoncito character . In 2012 AAA introduced Octagón , Jr. , which led to the introduction of Pentagón Jr. a few months later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Exies", "text": "The Exies were an American rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 1997 . Their name , The Exies , is short for The Existentialists . Their two Virgin Records releases , Inertia ( 2003 ) and Head for the Door ( 2004 ) , have sold over 400,000 copies combined ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hartford_College_of_Law", "text": "The Hartford College of Law was a law school operating in Hartford , Connecticut from October 25 , 1921 to October 27 , 1948 , when it was fully merged into the University of Connecticut , which had taken over administrative control of the school by lease in 1942 . The school had close ties to the Travelers Insurance Company , and in 1939 also established the Hartford College of Insurance . After this establishment , it was sometimes referred to as the Hartford College of Law and Insurance . In 1943 , an act of the state legislature permitted the University of Connecticut to take over the institution for a trial period of five years , to determine whether the University could effectively operate it . At the end of that time , the operation of the college having been deemed successful , it was then permanently absorbed by the University of Connecticut . Alumni of the institution include Louis Shapiro , a past Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Coulthard", "text": "David Marshall Coulthard , MBE ( /ˈkoʊlθɑːrt/ ; born 27 March 1971 ) , known as DC , is a Scottish former Formula One racing driver turned presenter , commentator and journalist . He was runner-up in the 2001 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship , driving for McLaren . Coulthard began karting at the age of eleven and achieved early success before progressing to car racing in the British Formula Ford Championship and the Formula 3000 series . He first drove in Formula One with Williams in the 1994 season succeeding the late Ayrton Senna . The following year he won his first Grand Prix in Portugal , and then for the 1996 season he moved to McLaren . After winning two races in the 1997 season , he finished 3rd in the World Drivers ' Championship in the 1998 season . He won five races throughout 1999 and 2000 before finishing 2nd in the Drivers ' Championship to Michael Schumacher in 2001 . Two more victories followed between 2002 and 2003 before he left McLaren at the end of 2004 . He moved to Red Bull in 2005 and secured their first podium a year later . Coulthard retired from Formula One racing at the end of 2008 . After retiring from Formula One Coulthard continued working with Red Bull as a consultant and joined the BBC as a commentator and pundit for their coverage of Formula One . He returned to active motorsports in 2010 joining Mücke Motorsport in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters and retired at the end of 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marie-Theres_Nadig", "text": "Marie-Theres Nadig ( born 8 March 1954 ) is a retired Swiss alpine skier . Aged 17 , she won gold medals in the downhill and giant slalom events at the 1972 Winter Olympics . During her career Nadig won 28 world cup races and had 63 podium finishes . At the 1980 Winter Olympics , she was third in the downhill event . After retiring from competitions , between 1999 and 2005 she worked as a national coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giana_Romanova", "text": "Giana Romanova ( born 10 March 1954 ) is a retired female middle distance runner who represented the USSR in the 1970s . She set her personal best in the women 's 1500 metres ( 3:59.01 ) on 3 September 1978 at the European Championships in Prague , Czechoslovakia , winning the gold medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australopithecus_anamensis", "text": "Australopithecus anamensis is a hominin species that lived approximately between 4.2 and 3.8 million years ago and is the oldest known Australopithecus species . Nearly one hundred fossil specimens are known from Kenya and Ethiopia , representing over 20 individuals . It is usually accepted that A. afarensis emerged within this lineage . However , A. anamensis and A. afarensis appear to have lived side-by-side , and it is not fully settled whether the lineage that led to extant humans emerged in A. afarensis , or directly in A. anamensis . Fossil evidence determines that Australopithecus anamensis is the earliest hominin species in the Turkana Basin , but likely co-existed with afarensis towards the end of its existence . A. Anamensis and A. Afarensis may be treated as a single grouping . Preliminary analysis of the sole upper cranial fossil indicates A. anamensis had a smaller cranial capacity ( estimated 365-370 c.c . ) than A. afarensis . A. anamensis is the earliest known species of Australopithecus and the least studied because of lack of skeletal findings . The first fossils of the A. anamensis are dated to around 3.8 and 4.2 million years ago and were found in Kanapoi and Allia Bay in Northern Kenya . They are the earliest Australopithecus species , living during the Plio-Pleistocene era ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Islam", "text": "Islam ( /ˈɪslɑːm/ ; [ note 1 ] Arabic : اَلْإِسْلَامُ , romanized : al-Islām [ alʔɪsˈlaːm ] ( listen ) ) is an Abrahamic , monotheistic religion whose adherents believe that Muhammad is a messenger of God . It is the world 's second-largest religion with over 1.8 billion followers or 24.1% of the world 's population , commonly known as Muslims . Muslims make up a majority of the population in 49 countries . Islam teaches that God is merciful , all-powerful , and unique , and has guided mankind through prophets , revealed scriptures and natural signs . The primary scriptures of Islam are the Quran , believed to be the verbatim word of God , and the teachings and normative examples ( called the sunnah , composed of accounts called hadith ) of Muhammad ( c. 570 - 8 June 632 CE ) . Muslims believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed many times before through prophets including Adam , Abraham , Moses and Jesus . Muslims consider the Quran in its Arabic to be the unaltered and final revelation of God . Like other Abrahamic religions , Islam also teaches a final judgment with the righteous rewarded in paradise and unrighteous punished in hell . Religious concepts and practices include the Five Pillars of Islam , which are obligatory acts of worship , and following Islamic law ( sharia ) , which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society , from banking and welfare to women and the environment . The cities of Mecca , Medina and Jerusalem are home to the three holiest sites in Islam . Aside from the theological narrative , Islam is historically believed to have originated in the early 7th century CE in Mecca , and by the 8th century the Umayyad Caliphate extended from Iberia in the west to the Indus River in the east . The Islamic Golden Age refers to the period traditionally dated from the 8th century to the 13th century , during the Abbasid Caliphate , when much of the historically Muslim world was experiencing a scientific , economic and cultural flourishing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Kloor", "text": "Harry 'Doc ' Kloor is an American scientist , film producer , director , writer , and entrepreneur . Kloor was first to be awarded two PhDs simultaneously in two distinct academic disciplines ( i.e . Physics and Chemistry ) both earned at Purdue University . In recognition of this achievement he was named ABC person of the week in August 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holy_Resurrection_Church_(Kodiak,_Alaska)", "text": "The Holy Resurrection Church ( Russian : Свято-Воскресенская Церковь ) is a historic Russian Orthodox church located at the corner of Mission Road and Kashevaroff Avenue in Kodiak , Alaska . Now it is under Diocese of Alaska of the Orthodox Church in America It was built in 1945 as a replacement to a previous building that burnt in 1943 . The Russian Orthodox presence in Kodiak dates from 1796 , not long after the settlement 's founding . The current church is about 70 by 30 feet ( 21.3 m × 9.1 m ) in plan dimensions . The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 . The listing also includes a detached bell tower which is believed to be 19th century in construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romania", "text": "Romania ( /roʊˈmeɪniə/ ( listen ) ro-MAY-nee-ə ; Romanian : România [ romɨˈni.a ] ( listen ) ) is a country located at the crossroads of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern Europe . It has borders with the Black Sea to the southeast , Bulgaria to the south , Ukraine to the north , Hungary to the west , Serbia to the southwest , and Moldova to the east . It has a predominantly temperate-continental climate . With a total area of 238,397 square kilometers ( 92,046 square miles ) , Romania is the 8th largest country and also the 6th most populous member state of the European Union , having almost 20 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Bucharest , and other major urban areas include Cluj-Napoca , Timișoara , Iași , Constanța , Craiova , Brașov , and Galați . The River Danube , Europe 's second-longest river , rises in Germany 's Black Forest and flows in a general southeast direction for 2,857 km ( 1,775 mi ) , coursing through ten countries before emptying into Romania 's Danube Delta . The Carpathian Mountains , which cross Romania from the north to the southwest , include Moldoveanu Peak , at an altitude of 2,544 m ( 8,346 ft ) . Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia . The new state , officially named Romania since 1866 , gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1877 . Following World War I after declaring its neutrality in 1914 , when Romania fought on the side of the Allied powers starting with 1916 , Bukovina , Bessarabia , Transylvania as well as parts of Banat , Crișana , and Maramureș became part of the sovereign Kingdom of Romania . In June-August 1940 , as a consequence of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and Second Vienna Award , Romania was compelled to cede Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union , and Northern Transylvania to Hungary . In November 1940 , Romania signed the Tripartite Pact and , consequently , in June 1941 entered World War II on the Axis side , fighting against the Soviet Union until August 1944 , when it joined the Allies and recovered Northern Transylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wheel_of_Time", "text": "The Wheel of Time is a series of high fantasy novels written by American author James Oliver Rigney Jr. , under his pen name of Robert Jordan . Originally planned as a six-book series , The Wheel of Time spanned fourteen volumes , in addition to a prequel novel and two companion books . Jordan began writing the first volume , The Eye of the World , in 1984 , and it was published in January 1990 . Jordan died in 2007 while working on what was planned to be the twelfth and final volume in the series . He prepared extensive notes so another author could complete the book according to his wishes . Fellow fantasy author and long-time Wheel of Time fan Brandon Sanderson was brought in to complete the final book , but during the writing process , it was decided that the book would be far too large to be published in one volume and would instead be published as three volumes : The Gathering Storm ( 2009 ) , Towers of Midnight ( 2010 ) , and A Memory of Light ( 2013 ) . The series draws on numerous elements of both European and Asian mythology , most notably the cyclical nature of time found in Buddhism and Hinduism , the metaphysical concepts of balance and duality , and a respect for nature found in Taoism . Additionally , its creation story has similarities to Christianity 's Creator ( Light ) and Shai'tan , The Dark One ( Shaitan is an Arabic word that , in Islamic contexts , is used as a name for the Devil ) . It was also partly inspired by Leo Tolstoy 's War and Peace ( 1869 ) . The Wheel of Time is notable for its length , detailed imaginary world , well-developed magic system , and large cast of characters . The eighth through fourteenth books each reached number one on the New York Times Best Seller list . After its completion , the series was nominated for a Hugo Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2008", "text": "The 2008 UEFA European Football Championship , commonly referred to as UEFA Euro 2008 or simply Euro 2008 , was the 13th UEFA European Football Championship , a quadrennial football tournament contested by European nations . It took place in Austria and Switzerland ( both hosting the tournament for the first time ) from 7 to 29 June 2008 . The tournament was won by Spain , who defeated Germany 1-0 in the final . Spain were only the second nation to win all their group stage fixtures and then the European Championship itself - an accomplishment matched by France in 1984 . Spain were also the first team since Germany in 1996 to win the tournament undefeated . Greece were the defending champions going into the tournament , having won UEFA Euro 2004 . They recorded the worst finish in Euro 2008 , losing their three group fixtures and collecting the least amount of prize money . Throughout 31 matches , the participating nations totalled 77 goals , the same as the previous tournament . Austria and Switzerland automatically qualified as hosts ; the remaining 14 teams were determined through qualifying matches , which began in August 2006 . As European champions , Spain earned the right to compete for the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_(American_football)", "text": "Center ( C ) is a position in gridiron football . The center is the innermost lineman of the offensive line on a football team 's offense . The center is also the player who passes ( or snaps ) the ball between his legs to the quarterback at the start of each play . In recent years , the importance of centers for a football team has increased , due to the re-emergence of 3-4 defenses . According to Baltimore Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome , you need to have somebody who can neutralize that nose tackle . If you do n't , everything can get screwed up . Your running game wo n't be effective and you 'll also have somebody in your quarterback 's face on every play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Albert_Johnson", "text": "John Albert Johnson ( July 28 , 1861 - September 21 , 1909 ) was an American politician . He served in the Minnesota State Senate from January 1897 to January 1901 . He was the 16th Governor of Minnesota from January 4 , 1905 until his death on September 21 , 1909 . He was a Democrat . He was the first governor born in Minnesota to serve in office . He was only the second non-Republican governor in the previous 50 years and third since statehood . He was also first to serve a full term in the present state capitol , and the first to die in office . Johnson sought the 1908 Democratic presidential nomination but lost to William Jennings Bryan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Desperate_Housewives", "text": "Desperate Housewives is an American mystery comedy-drama television series created by Marc Cherry and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions . It originally aired for eight seasons on ABC from October 3 , 2004 until May 13 , 2012 . Executive producer Cherry served as showrunner . Other executive producers since the fourth season included Bob Daily , George W. Perkins , John Pardee , Joey Murphy , David Grossman , and Larry Shaw . Set on Wisteria Lane , a street in the fictional town of Fairview in the fictional Eagle State , Desperate Housewives follows the lives of a group of women as seen through the eyes of their friend and neighbor who took her life by suicide in the pilot episode . The storyline covers thirteen years of the women 's lives over eight seasons , set between the years 2004-2008 , and later 2013-2017 ( the storyline includes a five-year jump in time , as well as flashbacks and flashforwards ranging from the 1980s to the 2020s ) . They work through domestic struggles and family life , while facing the secrets , crimes , and mysteries hidden behind the doors of their - on the surface - beautiful and seemingly perfect suburban neighborhood . The series features an ensemble cast , headed by Teri Hatcher as Susan Mayer , Felicity Huffman as Lynette Scavo , Marcia Cross as Bree Van de Kamp , and Eva Longoria as Gabrielle Solis . Brenda Strong narrates the series as the late Mary Alice Young , appearing sporadically in flashbacks or dream sequences . Desperate Housewives was well received by viewers and critics alike . It won multiple Primetime Emmy , Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Awards . From the 2004-05 through the 2008-09 television seasons , its first five seasons were rated amongst the top ten most-watched series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada", "text": "Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ZX_Spectrum", "text": "The ZX Spectrum ( UK : /zɛd ɛks/ ) is an 8-bit personal home computer released in the United Kingdom in 1982 by Sinclair Research . Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , it was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's colour display , compared with the black and white display of its predecessor , the ZX81 . The Spectrum was released as eight different models , ranging from the entry level with 16 KB RAM released in 1982 to the ZX Spectrum +3 with 128 KB RAM and built in floppy disk drive in 1987 ; together they sold over 5 million units worldwide ( not counting clones ) . The Spectrum was among the first mainstream-audience home computers in the UK , similar in significance to the Commodore 64 in the US . The introduction of the ZX Spectrum led to a boom in companies producing software and hardware for the machine , the effects of which are still seen . Some credit it as the machine which launched the UK IT industry . Licensing deals and clones followed , and earned Clive Sinclair a knighthood for services to British industry . The Commodore 64 , Dragon 32 , Oric-1 , Oric Atmos , BBC Micro and later the Amstrad CPC range were rivals to the Spectrum in the UK market during the early 1980s . While the machine was officially discontinued in 1992 , new software titles continue to be released - over 40 were released in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_Broadcasting_Corporation", "text": "The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( French : Société Radio-Canada ) , branded as CBC/Radio-Canada , is a Canadian federal Crown corporation that serves as the national public broadcaster for both radio and television . The English- and French-language service units of the corporation are commonly known as CBC and Radio-Canada , respectively . Although some local stations in Canada predate the CBC 's founding , CBC is the oldest existing broadcasting network in Canada . The CBC was established on November 2 , 1936 . The CBC operates four terrestrial radio networks : The English-Language CBC Radio One and CBC Music , and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Première and Ici Musique . ( International radio service Radio Canada International historically transmitted via shortwave radio , but since 2012 its content is only available as podcasts on its website . ) The CBC also operates two terrestrial television networks , the English-Language CBC Television and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Télé , along with the satellite/cable networks CBC News Network , Ici RDI , Ici Explora , Documentary Channel ( part ownership ) , and Ici ARTV . The CBC operates services for the Canadian Arctic under the names CBC North and Radio-Canada Nord . The CBC also operates digital services including CBC.ca/Ici.Radio-Canada.ca , CBC Radio 3 , CBC Music/ICI.mu and Ici.TOU.TV , and owns 20.2% of satellite radio broadcaster Sirius XM Canada , which carries several CBC-produced audio channels . CBC/Radio-Canada offers programming in English , French and eight aboriginal languages on its domestic radio service , and in five languages on its web-based international radio service , Radio Canada International ( RCI ) . However , budget cuts in the early 2010s have contributed to the corporation reducing its service via the airwaves , discontinuing RCI 's shortwave broadcasts as well as terrestrial television broadcasts in all communities served by network-owned rebroadcast transmitters , including communities not subject to Canada 's over-the-air digital television transition . CBC 's federal funding is supplemented by revenue from commercial advertising on its television broadcasts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009–10_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2009-10 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 9 , 2009 , and ended with the 2010 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament 's championship game on April 5 , 2010 , on the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis . The opening round occurred on Tuesday , March 16 , 2010 , followed by first and second rounds on Thursday through Sunday , March 18-21 , 2010 . Regional games were played on Thursday through Sunday , March 25-28 , 2010 , with the Final Four played on Saturday and Monday , April 3 and 5 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wombles_(1996_TV_series)", "text": "The Wombles is a Canadian/British animated series for children transmitted in 1997 and 1998 , based on the 1973 series created by Elisabeth Beresford . The Wombles had remained popular with children into the 1980s . After FilmFair was acquired by the Canadian company Cinar Films in 1996 , a new series of episodes was made , with three new Womble characters . In the UK , the series was purchased by ITV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Livermore_Valley_Wine_Country_Championship", "text": "The Livermore Valley Wine Country Championship was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2006 to 2008 . It was played at The Course at Wente Vineyards in Livermore , California , United States . The 2008 purse was $ 600,000 , with $ 108,000 going to the winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Castle_Fieldhouse", "text": "New Castle High School is a public high school in New Castle , Indiana whose name is commonly abbreviated to NCHS . It is part of the New Castle Community School Corporation and has an enrollment of approximately 1,200 students . NCHS is the largest high school in Henry County . The present high school originated from the New Castle Academy in 1870 . In 1895 , New Castle High School was constructed . Because of its distinctive appearance , the building became known as The Castle . In response to a significant increase in enrollment , a new senior high school was constructed in 1923-24 at 14th and Walnut Streets . Plans to construct an additional wing and a multi-purpose facility were never developed . Instead , physical education classes were conducted at the National Guard Armory across the street and basketball games were played at the YMCA in the Church Street Gym . The Walnut Street location served as the senior high school until 1958 when the present high school facility was completed . The 1924 structure then joined the 1895 Castle building as a junior high school . In 1973 , eighth and ninth grade students began attending the newly constructed Parkview Junior High School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kamuli_District", "text": "Kamuli District is a district in the Eastern Region of Uganda . The town of Kamuli is the site of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mi_Marciana", "text": "Mi Marciana ( English : My Martian ) is a song recorded by the Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz . It was released as the third single from his ninth studio album La Música No Se Toca ( 2012 ) . The song was released for digital download on December 6 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bengt_Gustavsson", "text": "Bengt Olov Emanuel Julle Gustavsson ( 13 January 1928 - 16 February 2017 ) was a Swedish footballer and manager . As player he participated in the final of the World Cup 1958 and won national championships with IFK Norrköping . As coach he led Åtvidabergs FF into its golden era at the beginning of the 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1962_Texas_A&M_Aggies_football_team", "text": "The 1962 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 1962 NCAA University Division football season as a member of the Southwest Conference ( SWC ) . The Aggies were led by head coach Hank Foldberg in his first season and finished with a record of three wins and seven losses ( 3-7 overall , 3-4 in the SWC ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morat_(band)", "text": "Morat is a Colombian band formed in the country 's capital city , Bogotá . The band is formed by Juan Pablo Isaza ( guitars and vocals ) , Juan Pablo Villamil ( banjo and vocals ) and the brothers Simón Vargas ( bass and choruses ) and Martín Vargas ( percussion and choirs ) . Previously , until the end of 2016 , drummer Alejandro Posada had been in the band , but the percussionist had to leave the project . He was replaced by Martín Vargas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hush_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer)", "text": "Hush is the tenth episode in the fourth season of the supernatural drama television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( 1997-2003 ) . It was written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon and originally aired in the United States on December 14 , 1999 on The WB Television Network . After reading critical response to the series in which the dialogue was praised as the most successful aspect of the show , Whedon set out to write an episode almost completely devoid of speech . Only about 17 minutes of dialogue is presented in the entire 44 minutes of Hush . In Hush , a group of fairytale ghouls named The Gentlemen come to town and steal everyone 's voices , leaving them unable to scream when The Gentlemen cut out their hearts . Buffy and her friends must communicate with one another silently as they try to discover why no one can speak and find whoever is murdering the townspeople . They must also find ways to express their feelings about each other and keep some semblance of control as the town descends into chaos . The episode was highly praised when it aired and was the only episode in the entire series to be nominated for an Emmy Award in Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series ; it also received a nomination for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single Camera Series ( Michael Gershman ) . Hush addresses the limits and assets of language and communication and the disruption to society when communication breaks down . The Gentlemen are often counted as some of the series ' most frightening villains , and the episode is frequently included on lists of the best of Buffy the Vampire Slayer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_State_University", "text": "Kent State University ( KSU ) is a public research university in Kent , Ohio . The university also includes seven regional campuses in Northeast Ohio and additional facilities in the region and internationally . Regional campuses are located in Ashtabula , Burton , East Liverpool , Jackson Township , New Philadelphia , Salem , and Warren , Ohio , with additional facilities in Cleveland , Independence , and Twinsburg , Ohio , New York City , and Florence , Italy . The university was established in 1910 as a teacher-training school . The first classes were held in 1912 at various locations and in temporary buildings in Kent and the first buildings of the original campus opened the following year . Since then , the university has grown to include many additional baccalaureate and graduate programs of study in the arts and sciences , research opportunities , as well as over 1,000 acres ( 405 ha ) and 119 buildings on the Kent campus . During the late 1960s and early 1970s , the university was known internationally for its student activism in opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War , due mainly to the Kent State shootings in 1970 . As of September 2017 [ update ] , Kent State was one of the largest universities in Ohio with an enrollment of 39,367 students in the eight-campus system and 28,972 students at the main campus in Kent . Kent State offers over 300 degree programs , among them 250 baccalaureate , 40 associate , 50 master 's , and 23 doctoral programs of study , which include such notable programs as nursing , business , history , library science , aeronautics , journalism , fashion design and the Liquid Crystal Institute ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Impulse_(physics)", "text": "In classical mechanics , impulse ( symbolized by J or Imp ) is the integral of a force , F , over the time interval , t , for which it acts . Since force is a vector quantity , impulse is also a vector quantity . Impulse applied to an object produces an equivalent vector change in its linear momentum , also in the same direction . The SI unit of impulse is the newton second ( N⋅s ) , and the dimensionally equivalent unit of momentum is the kilogram meter per second ( kg⋅m/s ) . The corresponding English engineering units are the pound-second ( lbf⋅s ) and the slug-foot per second ( slug⋅ft/s ) . A resultant force causes acceleration and a change in the velocity of the body for as long as it acts . A resultant force applied over a longer time therefore produces a bigger change in linear momentum than the same force applied briefly : the change in momentum is equal to the product of the average force and duration . Conversely , a small force applied for a long time produces the same change in momentum - the same impulse - as a larger force applied briefly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996–97_Football_League", "text": "The 1996-97 Football League ( known as the Nationwide Football League for sponsorship reasons ) was the 98th completed season of The Football League . Bolton Wanderers returned to the Premiership in superb fashion , hitting 100 goals and taking 98 points . Barnsley were promoted to the top flight for the first time in their history , while Crystal Palace returned after a two-year absence by winning the play-offs . The decline of Oldham Athletic continued , falling into the third tier for the first time in 23 years , and just three years after being in the Premiership . Grimsby Town and Southend United joined them in relegation to the Second Division . Bury won their second consecutive promotion , taking the Second Division title , Stockport County joined them in automatic promotion , and play-off winners Crewe Alexandra completed the trio moving up . Going down were Peterborough United , Shrewsbury Town , Rotherham United and Notts County . County had been in the top division just five years earlier . Wigan Athletic won the Third Division title on goals scored from Fulham . Carlisle United and play-off winners Northampton Town also won promotion to the Second Division . Hereford United were the first club for four years to be relegated to the Conference after finishing bottom . Conference champions Macclesfield Town replaced Hereford ( two years after Town had been denied entry to the Third Division ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Fury", "text": "George Fury ( born 31 January 1945 , in Hungary ) is a retired Australian rally and racing car driver . For the majority of his career Fury was associated with Nissan , twice winning the Australian Rally Championship , and twice runner up in the Australian Touring Car Championship . Fury , a farmer living and working in the New South Wales country town of Talmalmo , was nicknamed Farmer George or The Talmalmo Farmer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jakob_Pöltl", "text": "Jakob Pöltl ( sometimes spelled Jakob Poeltl ; German pronunciation : [ 'ja : kop 'pœltl ] ; born October 15 , 1995 ) is an Austrian professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Utah Utes . In his sophomore year , Pöltl was a consensus second-team All-American , and won the Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award and Pete Newell Big Man Award as the top collegiate center and low-post player , respectively . After the season , he declared for the 2016 NBA draft , where the Toronto Raptors selected him in the first round with the ninth overall pick ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1966", "text": "Miss World 1966 , the 16th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 17 November 1966 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , UK . The winner was Reita Faria of India , first Asian delegate to win Miss World title . She was crowned by Miss World 1965 , Lesley Langley of United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Camus", "text": "Albert Camus ( /kæˈmuː/ also US : /kəˈmuː/ ; French : [ albɛʁ kamy ] ( listen ) ; 7 November 1913 - 4 January 1960 ) was a French philosopher , author , and journalist . He won the Nobel Prize in Literature at the age of 44 in 1957 , the second-youngest recipient in history . Camus was born in Algeria to French parents . He spent his childhood in a poor neighbourhood and later studied philosophy at the University of Algiers . He was in Paris when the Germans invaded France during World War II . Camus tried to flee but finally joined the French Resistance where he served as editor-in-chief at Combat , an outlawed newspaper . After the war , he was a celebrity figure and gave many lectures around the world . He married twice but had many extramarital affairs . Camus was politically active . He was part of the Left that opposed the Soviet Union because of its totalitarianism . Camus was a moralist and leaned towards anarcho-syndicalism . He was part of many organisations seeking European integration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey_Nets", "text": "The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team based in the New York City borough of Brooklyn . The Nets compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team plays its home games at Barclays Center . They are one of two NBA teams located in New York City ; the other is the New York Knicks . The team was established in 1967 as a charter franchise of the NBA 's rival league , the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) . They played in New Jersey as the New Jersey Americans during their first season , before moving to Long Island in 1968 and changing their name to the New York Nets . During this time , the Nets won two ABA championships ( in 1974 and 1976 ) . In 1976 , the ABA merged with the NBA , and the Nets were absorbed into the NBA along with three other ABA teams ( the San Antonio Spurs , Indiana Pacers , and Denver Nuggets , all of whom remain in the league today ) . In 1977 , the team returned to New Jersey and played as the New Jersey Nets from 1977 to 2012 . During this time , the Nets won two consecutive Eastern Conference championships ( in the 2001-02 and 2002-03 seasons ) , but failed to win a league title . In the summer of 2012 , the team moved to Barclays Center , and took its current geographic name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Bernardo_Futebol_Clube", "text": "São Bernardo Futebol Clube , generally known as São Bernardo , is a Brazilian football club from São Bernardo do Campo , São Paulo state . As of May 2010 , the club had its best performance , qualifying for the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 , the secondary level of football in São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bachelor_of_Science", "text": "A Bachelor of Science ( Latin Baccalaureus Scientiae , B.S. , BS , B.Sc . or BSc ; or , less commonly , S.B. , SB , or Sc.B. , from the equivalent Latin Scientiae Baccalaureus ) is an undergraduate academic degree awarded for programs that generally last three to five years . The first university to admit a student to the degree of Bachelor of Science was the University of London in 1860 . Whether a student of a particular subject is awarded a Bachelor of Science degree or a Bachelor of Arts degree can vary between universities . For example , an economics degree may be given as a Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) by one university but as a BS by another , and some universities offer the choice of either . Some liberal arts colleges in the United States offer only the BA , even in the natural sciences , while some universities offer only the BS , even in non-science fields . At universities that offer both BA and BS degrees in the same discipline , the BS degree is usually more extensive in that particular discipline and is targeted toward students who are pursuing graduate school or a profession in that field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Head_Coach", "text": "A head coach , senior coach , or manager is a professional at training and developing athletes . They typically hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches . In some sports , the head coach is instead called the manager , as in association football and professional baseball . In other sports such as Australian rules football , the head coach is generally termed a senior coach . Other coaches are usually subordinate to the head coach , often in offensive positions or defensive positions , and occasionally proceeding down into individualized position coaches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deportes_Quindío", "text": "Deportes Quindío is a professional Colombian football club based in Armenia , Colombia , that currently plays in the Categoría Primera B . The club was founded on 8 January 1951 , and its best achievement was win the 1956 tournament . They play their home games at the Centenario stadium . The club was called Atlético Quindío from 1953 to 1963 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saurashtra_University", "text": "Saurashtra University is one of the significant universities in Gujarat state in India . This university was established on 23 May 1967 , in Rajkot city , and the administrative headquarters are at Rajkot Saurashtra University was created on a rigorous demand , for a separate university out of Gujarat University ( Ahmedabad ) , from the eminent educationists and freedom fighters of the Saurashtra region . The demand was more prominent after the creation of Gujarat state on May 1 , 1961 . The Saurashtra University Act was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Gujarat in the year 1965 ( Gujarat Act No . 39 of 1965 ) . Saurashtra University , established on 23 May 1967 , having two headquarters in the initial stage i.e . Rajkot and Bhavnagar . After the incorporation of the Bhavnagar University , Rajkot became the sole headquarters of the Saurashtra University . The campus of the university is spread over 363 acres ( 147 ha ) of land . The present jurisdiction of the University includes Amreli , Jamnagar , Rajkot , Surendranagar , and Morbi districts . It has 29 Post Graduate Departments on its campus and 238 affiliated colleges . The university has important seats of learning spreading knowledge in the respective fields i.e ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Twickenham_Stoop", "text": "Twickenham Stoop Stadium ( informally referred to as The Stoop ) is a sports stadium located in south-west London , England . The stadium is home to Harlequins rugby union team , who play in the Gallagher Premiership . The stadium has a capacity of 14,800 and is situated just across the road from Twickenham Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baseball_at_the_1992_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Baseball had its debut as an official medal sport at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona . Eight nations competed , with the preliminary phase consisting of each team playing every other team . Playoffs were then held , with the four highest ranked teams advancing . For the semifinals , the 1st place team played the 4th place team and the 2nd place team played against the 3rd place team . The winners of those semifinals competed against each other for the gold medal , with the loser getting the silver medal . The teams defeated in the semifinal played a match for the bronze medal . Baseball was an event open only to amateurs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_the_Confessor", "text": "Edward the Confessor [ a ] ( Old English : Ēadƿeard Andettere [ æːɑdwæɑrˠd ɑndetere ] ; Latin : Eduardus Confessor [ ɛdʊˈardʊs kõːˈfɛssɔr ] , Ecclesiastical Latin : [ eduˈardus konˈfessor ] ; c. 1003 - 5 January 1066 ) , also known as Saint Edward the Confessor , was among the last Anglo-Saxon kings of England . Usually considered the last king of the House of Wessex , he ruled from 1042 to 1066 . Edward was the son of Æthelred the Unready and Emma of Normandy . He succeeded Cnut the Great 's son - and his own half brother - Harthacnut . He restored the rule of the House of Wessex after the period of Danish rule since Cnut ( better known as Canute ) conquered England in 1016 . When Edward died in 1066 , he was succeeded by Harold Godwinson , who was defeated and killed in the same year by the Normans under William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings . Edgar the Ætheling , who was of the House of Wessex , was proclaimed king after the Battle of Hastings in 1066 , but never ruled and was deposed after about eight weeks . Historians disagree about Edward 's fairly long ( 24-year ) reign . His nickname reflects the traditional image of him as unworldly and pious . Confessor reflects his reputation as a saint who did not suffer martyrdom , as opposed to King Edward the Martyr . Some portray Edward the Confessor 's reign as leading to the disintegration of royal power in England and the advance in power of the House of Godwin , due to the infighting that began after his heirless death . Biographers Frank Barlow and Peter Rex , on the other hand , portray Edward as a successful king , one who was energetic , resourceful and sometimes ruthless ; they argue that the Norman conquest shortly after his death tarnished his image ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erie,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Erie ( /ˈɪəri/ ; EER-ee ) is a city on the south shore of Lake Erie and the county seat of Erie County , Pennsylvania , United States . Named for the lake and the Native American Erie people who lived in the area until the mid-17th century , Erie is the fourth-largest city in Pennsylvania , as well as the largest city in Northwestern Pennsylvania , with a population of 101,786 at the 2010 census . The estimated population in 2018 had decreased to 96,471 . The Erie metropolitan area , equivalent to all of Erie County , consists of 276,207 residents . The Erie-Meadville , PA Combined Statistical Area has a population of 369,331 , as of the 2010 Census . Erie is halfway between the cities of Buffalo , New York , and Cleveland , Ohio , and due north of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Erie 's manufacturing sector remains prominent in the local economy , though healthcare , higher education , technology , service industries , and tourism are emerging as significant economic drivers . Over four million people visit Erie during summer months for recreation at Presque Isle State Park , as well as attractions such as Waldameer Park . Erie is known as the Flagship City because of its status as the home port of Oliver Hazard Perry 's flagship Niagara . Erie won the All-America City Award in 1972 , and in 2012 hosted the Perry 200 , a commemoration , celebrating 200 years of peace between Britain , America and Canada following the War of 1812 and Battle of Lake Erie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/'Amran", "text": "ʿAmrān ( Arabic : عمران ; Old South Arabian : 𐩲𐩣𐩧𐩬 ʿmrn ) is a small city in western central Yemen . It is the capital of the 'Amran Governorate , and was formerly in the Sana ' a Governorate . It is located 52.9 kilometres ( 32.9 mi ) by road northwest of the Yemeni capital of Sana ' a . According to the 2004 census it had a population of 76,863 , and an estimated population of 90,792 in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caroline_Rotich", "text": "Caroline Rotich ( born 13 May 1984 ) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in half marathon and marathon races . She has won the Las Vegas Marathon , New York Half Marathon and the Boston Marathon . She represented Kenya at the World Championships in Athletics in 2011 and has personal bests of 2:23:22 for the marathon and 1:09:09 for the half marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peggy_Kirk_Bell", "text": "Margaret Anne Peggy Kirk Bell ( October 28 , 1921 - November 23 , 2016 ) was an American professional golfer and golf instructor known for her strong advocacy of women 's golf . She was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame , class of 2019 , in the lifetime achievement category . Born in Findlay , Ohio , Peggy started playing golf at age 17 . She took to the game immediately and quickly won a number of titles . She played college golf at Rollins College . She was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma . She played the ladies amateur tour in the 1940s before the development of a professional tour , winning three Ohio Amateurs and the 1949 Titleholders Championship and North and South Women 's Amateur . She was also a member of the 1950 U.S. Curtis Cup team . At that time she competed as Peggy Kirk , and in 1953 she married her high school sweetheart , Warren Bullet Bell , who had played professional basketball with the Fort Wayne Pistons before turning to business . Warren died in 1984 . In 1990 , she was voted the Bob Jones Award , the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf . She became the first woman voted into the World Golf Teachers Hall of Fame in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/You_Got_It", "text": "You Got It is a song from Roy Orbison 's twenty-second studio album , Mystery Girl ( 1989 ) . The song was released in January 1989 with The Only One as the B-side , and according to the Official Roy Orbison Discography by Orbison researcher Marcel Riesco , released again with Crying ( version with k. d. lang ) shortly thereafter . The A-side reached number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the Adult Contemporary chart , returning Orbison to the Top 10 for the first time in 25 years . It also reached number three on the UK Singles Chart in early 1989 , posthumously released after Orbison 's heart attack on December 6 , 1988 . Although it is an Orbison solo single , Orbison 's fellow Traveling Wilburys bandmates , Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne , co-wrote the song and played instruments on the record . According to Riesco , the song was recorded at guitarist Mike Campbell 's garage in Los Angeles , California and mixed at Friar Park in Henley-on-Thames , England . Orbison gave his only public rendition of the hit at the Diamond Awards Festival in Antwerp , Belgium on November 19 , 1988 , 17 days before his death and before the single was released . This footage was incorporated into the song 's music video . A 2014 version incorporated videos of rehearsal and practice sessions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwalior", "text": "Gwalior ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is a major city in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and one of the Counter-magnet cities . Located 343 kilometres ( 213 mi ) south of Delhi , the capital city of India , 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) from Agra and 414 kilometres ( 257 mi ) from Bhopal , the state capital , Gwalior occupies a strategic location in the Gird region of India . The city and its fortress have been ruled by several historic northern Indian kingdoms . From the Kachchhapaghatas in the 10th century , Tomars in the 13th century , it was passed on to the Mughal Empire , then to the Maratha in 1754 , followed by the Scindia in the 18th century . A study of urban pollution in 2016 found the city to have the highest level of air pollution in India , and the second highest in the world . Besides being the administrative headquarters of Gwalior district and Gwalior division , Gwalior has many administrative offices of the Chambal division of northern Madhya Pradesh . Several administrative and judicial organisations , commissions and boards have their state and national headquarters situated in the city . Gwalior was the winter capital of the state of Madhya Bharat which later became a part of the larger state of Madhya Pradesh . Prior to Indian independence on 15 August 1947 , Gwalior remained a princely state of the British Raj with the Scindia as the local rulers . High rocky hills surround the city from all sides , on the north it just forms the border of the Ganga- Yamuna Drainage Basin . The city however is situated in the valley between the hills . Gwalior 's metropolitan area includes Gwalior city centre , Morar Cantonment , Lashkar Gwalior ( Lashkar Subcity ) , Maharaja Bada , Phool Bagh , Thatipur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kilbirnie", "text": "Kilbirnie ( Gaelic : Cill Bhraonaigh ) is a small town of 7642 inhabitants situated in the Garnock Valley area of North Ayrshire , on the west coast of Scotland . It is around 20 miles ( 30 km ) south-west of Glasgow and approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) from Paisley and Irvine respectively . Historically , the town 's main industries were flax production and weaving before iron and steelmaking took over in the 19th and early 20th centuries . The suburb of Kilbirnie in the New Zealand capital of Wellington is named after the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rockford,_Illinois", "text": "Rockford is a city in Winnebago County in the U.S. state of Illinois , in far northern Illinois . Located on the banks of the Rock River , Rockford is the county seat of Winnebago County ( a small portion of the city is located in Ogle County ) . The largest city in Illinois outside of the Chicago metropolitan area , Rockford is the third-largest city in the state and the 171st most populous in the United States . According to 2010 U.S. Census Data , the City of Rockford had a population of 152,871 , with an outlying metropolitan area population of 348,360 . The City of Rockford 's population is 147,051 as of 2017 , down 4.1% since 2010 . Settled in the mid-1830s , the position of the city on the Rock River made its location strategic for industrial development . In the second half of the 19th century , Rockford was notable for its output of heavy machinery , hardware and tools ; by the twentieth century , it was the second leading center of furniture manufacturing in the nation , and 94th largest city . During the second half of the 20th century , Rockford struggled alongside many Rust Belt cities . Since the late 1990s , efforts in economic diversification have led to growth of automotive , aerospace , and healthcare industries , as well as the undertaking of various tourism and downtown revitalization efforts . Nicknamed the Forest City , Rockford is presently known for various venues of cultural or historical significance , including Anderson Japanese Gardens , Klehm Arboretum , Tinker Swiss Cottage , the BMO Harris Bank Center , the Coronado Theatre , the Laurent House , and the Burpee Museum of Natural History . Its contributions to music are noted in the Mendelssohn Club , the oldest music club in the nation , and performers such as Phantom Regiment , Fred VanVleet , and Cheap Trick ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chalk_Point_Generating_Station", "text": "The Chalk Point Generating Station is a 2,647-MWe electricity-generating plant owned by NRG Energy , located near the tiny incorporated town of Eagle Harbor , Maryland , United States , on the Patuxent River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tara_Conner", "text": "Tara Elizabeth Conner ( born December 18 , 1985 ) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss USA 2006 and has also competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants . Apart from her role as Miss USA , Conner has been employed as a model . She was a featured model on the HDNet series Bikini Destinations in 2004 , posing in Lake Tahoe . She has also held the titles Miss Kentucky Teen USA 2002 , Miss Kentucky County Fair 2004 , and Miss Kentucky USA 2006 . In late 2006 , Conner became the center of a public scandal after she was caught drinking underage , using cocaine , and kissing Miss Teen USA Katie Blair at a New York nightclub . She was allowed to retain her title , provided she enter a drug rehabilitation program . Since then Conner has worked as an advocate against drug addiction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clinton_Young", "text": "Clinton Young ( born 16 February 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . Young is widely considered to be one of the best left foot kicks on the run in the AFL , often kicking in excess of 50 metres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grand_Junction,_Colorado", "text": "Grand Junction is a home rule municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Mesa County , Colorado , United States . The city has a council-manager form of government , and is the most populous municipality in all of western Colorado . Grand Junction is 247 miles ( 398 km ) west-southwest of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 58,566 . Grand Junction is the 15th most populous city in the state of Colorado and the most populous city on the Colorado Western Slope . It is a major commercial and transportation hub within the large area between the Green River and the Continental Divide . It is the principal city of the Grand Junction Metropolitan Statistical Area , which had a population of 146,723 in 2010 census . The city is along the Colorado River , at its confluence with the Gunnison River , which comes in from the south . Grand refers to the historical Grand River ; it was renamed the Upper Colorado River in 1921 . Junction refers to the confluence of the Colorado and Gunnison rivers . Grand Junction has been nicknamed River City . It is near the midpoint of a 30-mile ( 48 km ) arcing valley , known as the Grand Valley ; since the late 19th century it has been a major fruit-growing region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newcastle_United_F.C.", "text": "Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , Tyne and Wear , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . Founded in 1892 by the merger of Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End . Per the requirements from the Taylor Report , in response to the Hillsborough disaster , that all Premiership teams have an all-seater stadium , the grounds were adjusted in the mid-1990s and now has a capacity of 52,354. , The team plays its home matches at St James ' Park . The club has been a member of the Premier League for all but three years of the competition 's history , spending 86 seasons in the top tier as of May 2018 , and has never dropped below English football 's second tier since joining the Football League in 1893 . They have won four League Championship titles , six FA Cups and a Charity Shield , as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup , the ninth highest total of trophies won by an English club . The club 's most successful period was between 1904 and 1910 , when they won an FA Cup and three of their First Division titles . The club was relegated in 2009 and again in 2016 . The club won promotion at the first time of asking each time , returning to the Premier League as Championship winners in 2010 and 2017 for the 2017-18 season . Newcastle has a local rivalry with Sunderland , with whom they have contested the Tyne-Wear derby since 1898 . The club 's traditional kit colours are black and white striped shirts , black shorts and black socks . Their crest has elements of the city coat of arms , which features two grey seahorses . Before each home game , the team enters the field to Local Hero , and Blaydon Races is also sung during games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soyuz_T-12", "text": "Soyuz T-12 ( also known as Salyut 7 EP-4 ) was the seventh crewed spaceflight to the Soviet space station Salyut 7 . The name Soyuz T-12 is also the name of the spacecraft used to launch and land the mission 's three-person crew . The mission occurred in July 1984 , during the long-duration expedition Salyut 7 EO-3 . During the mission , crew member Svetlana Savitskaya became the first woman to ever perform a spacewalk , and the potential Buran Space shuttle pilot , Igor Volk , was given spaceflight experience . Unlike many Soyuz visiting missions , the Soyuz lifeboats were not swapped , and the crew returned to Earth in the same spacecraft in which they launched ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lang_Park", "text": "Lang Park , also known as Brisbane Stadium , and by the sponsored name Suncorp Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , located in the suburb of Milton . The current facility comprises a three-tiered rectangular sporting stadium with a capacity of 52,500 people . It is primarily used for rugby league , rugby union , and soccer , with a rectangular playing field of 136 metres by 82 metres . Lang Park was established in 1914 , on the site of the former North Brisbane Cemetery , and in its early days was home to a number of different sports , including cycling , athletics , and soccer . The lease of the park was taken over by the Brisbane Rugby League in 1957 and it became the home of the game in Queensland ( remaining so to this day ) . It has also been the home ground of major rugby union and soccer matches in Queensland since its modern redevelopment , including the Queensland Reds and the Brisbane Roar , and some Wallabies and Socceroos matches . It hosted the 2008 Rugby League World Cup Final and the 2017 Rugby League World Cup Final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gumbinnen", "text": "Gusev ( Russian : Гу́сев ) , previously known by its German name Gumbinnen ( Lithuanian : Gumbinė ; Polish : Gąbin ) , is a town and the administrative center of Gusevsky District of Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia , located at the confluence of the Pissa and Krasnaya Rivers , near the border with Poland and Lithuania , east of Chernyakhovsk . Population figures : 28,260 ( 2010 Census ) ; 28,467 ( 2002 Census ) ; 27,031 ( 1989 Census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madison,_Wisconsin", "text": "Madison is the capital of the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the seat of Dane County . As of July 1 , 2018 , Madison 's estimated population of 258,054 made it the second-largest city in Wisconsin by population , after Milwaukee , and the 81st-largest in the United States . The city forms the core of the Madison Metropolitan Area which includes Dane County and neighboring Iowa , Green , and Columbia counties for a population of 654,230 . Located on an isthmus and lands surrounding four lakes-Lake Mendota , Lake Monona , Lake Kegonsa and Lake Waubesa-the city is home to the University of Wisconsin-Madison , the Wisconsin State Capitol , Henry Vilas Zoo , lakes , and an extensive network of parks and bike trails . Madison has historically been a center for progressive political activity , protests , and demonstrations . The presence of the University of Wisconsin-Madison ( the largest employer in the state ) as well as other educational institutions has a significant impact on the economy , culture , and demographics of Madison . Madison is a growing technology economy and the region is home to the headquarters of Epic Systems , American Family Insurance , Exact Sciences , American Girl , Sub-Zero , Lands ' End , a regional office for Google , the University Research Park , as well as many biotech and health systems startups . A 2018 report ranked Madison 14th among the top fifteen cities worldwide for venture capital deals per capita . Madison , which is named for US Founding Father James Madison , is home to eight National Historic Landmarks , including one UNESCO World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Point,_Georgia", "text": "West Point is a city in Troup and Harris counties in the U.S. state of Georgia . It is located approximately halfway between Montgomery , Alabama and Atlanta along Interstate 85 . As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 3,474 , and in 2015 the estimated population was 3,728 . Most of the city is in Troup County , which is part of the LaGrange Micropolitan Statistical Area , and hence part of the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area . [ citation needed ] A sliver in the south is in Harris County , which is part of the Columbus Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baade_(crater)", "text": "Baade is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southwest limb of the Moon on the near side , to the southwest of the enormous Mare Orientale impact basin . The area to the east of this crater forms the junction between the 280-km-long Vallis Bouvard to the north and the narrower , 160-km-long Vallis Baade to the south-southeast . Both valleys radiate away from the impact basin to the north . The outer wall of Baade remains sharp-edged , with little appearance of erosion due to subsequent impacts . The rim is generally circular , with some terracing of the inner wall . The crater interior is rough and irregular , with a generally bowl-shaped appearance that lacks a sharply defined floor . There is no central peak at the midpoint of the interior , and no craterlets of note mark the surface . This crater lies within the Mendel-Rydberg Basin , a 630 km wide impact basin of Nectarian age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joachim_Van_Damme", "text": "Joachim Van Damme ( born 23 July 1991 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays in central defence as well as central midfield . He plays for KV Mechelen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Iron_Bridge", "text": "The Iron Bridge is a cast iron arch bridge that crosses the River Severn in Shropshire , England . Opened in 1781 , it was the first major bridge in the world to be made of cast iron , and was greatly celebrated after construction owing to its use of the new material . In 1934 it was designated a scheduled monument and closed to vehicular traffic . Tolls for pedestrians were collected until 1950 , when ownership of the bridge was transferred to Shropshire County Council . It now belongs to Telford and Wrekin Borough Council . The bridge , the adjacent settlement of Ironbridge and the Ironbridge Gorge form the UNESCO Ironbridge Gorge World Heritage Site . The bridge is a Grade I listed building , and a waypoint on the South Telford Heritage Trail ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missoula,_Montana", "text": "Missoula /mɪˈzuːlə/ ( listen ) is a city in the U.S. state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County . It is located along the Clark Fork River near its confluences with the Bitterroot and Blackfoot Rivers in western Montana and at the convergence of five mountain ranges , thus it is often described as the hub of five valleys . In 2018 [ update ] , the United States Census Bureau estimated the city 's population at 74,428 and the population of the Missoula Metropolitan Area at 118,791 . After Billings , Missoula is both the second largest city and metropolitan area in Montana . Missoula is home to the University of Montana , a public research university . William T. Hamilton first settled in the Missoula area in 1858 with a trading post near current Missoula along the Rattlesnake Creek along with Captain Richard Grant settling near Grant Creek , and David Pattee near Pattee Canyon . Missoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory . By 1866 , the settlement had moved east , 5 miles ( 8 km ) upstream , and renamed Missoula Mills , later shortened to Missoula . The mills provided supplies to western settlers traveling along the Mullan Road . The establishment of Fort Missoula in 1877 to protect settlers further stabilized the economy . The arrival of the Northern Pacific Railway in 1883 brought rapid growth and the maturation of the local lumber industry . In 1893 , the Montana Legislature chose the city as the site for the state 's first university ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bojan_Petrić", "text": "Bojan Petrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Петрић , born 29 November 1984 in Slavonski Brod ) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian football player currently plays as a defender for Polet Brod ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicholls_Town", "text": "Nicholls Town is a town located in North Andros , part of Andros island in the Bahamas . The town features a sweeping beachfront . It is named for Edward Nicolls , an Anglo-Irish military leader in the Caribbean in the early 19th century . He was an active abolitionist and because of him many former slaves were able to escape from the U.S . The founders of Nicholls Town were ex-slave refugees from the United States . :129 The Andros Island Beach Resort is located in Nicolls Town . The town is the centre for diving and snorkelling in North Andros . It has a population of 645 ( 2010 Census ) . The village is served by San Andros Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LVMH", "text": "LVMH Moët Hennessy - Louis Vuitton SE ( French pronunciation : ​ [ moɛt‿ɛnɛsi lwi vɥitɔ̃ ] ) , also known as LVMH , is a French multinational luxury goods conglomerate headquartered in Paris ( France ) . The company was formed in 1987 under the merger of fashion house Louis Vuitton with Moët Hennessy , a company formed after the 1971 merger between the champagne producer Moët & Chandon and Hennessy , the cognac manufacturer . It controls around 60 subsidiaries that each manage a small number of prestigious brands . The subsidiaries are often managed independently . The oldest of the LVMH brands is wine producer Château d'Yquem , which dates its origins back to 1593 . In November 2019 , LVMH acquired Tiffany & Co. for approximately US $ 16.2 billion . The deal was expected to close by June 2020 . As of 2018 , Tiffany operated 321 stores worldwide , with net sales of US $ 4.44 billion . Tiffany regions include the Americas , Asia-Pacific , Japan , Europe and the United Arab Emirates . Christian Dior SE is the main holding company of LVMH , owning 40.9% of its shares , and 59.01% of its voting rights . Bernard Arnault , majority shareholder of Dior , is Chairman and CEO of both companies . In 2017 , Arnault purchased all the remaining Christian Dior shares in a reported $ 13.1 billion buy out ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berry_van_Peer", "text": "Berry van Peer ( born August 23 , 1996 ) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harold_Mabern", "text": "Harold Mabern Jr. ( March 20 , 1936 - September 17 , 2019 ) was an American jazz pianist and composer , principally in the hard bop , post-bop , and soul jazz fields . He is described in The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings as one of the great post-bop pianists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Željko_Lučić", "text": "Željko Lučić ( born 24 February 1968 ) is a Serbian operatic baritone who has had an active international career since 1993 . He was a member of the Serbian National Theatre in Novi Sad from 1993-1998 and at the Frankfurt Opera from 1998-2008 . He is particularly well known for his performances in the operas of Giuseppe Verdi ; having portrayed a total of 23 leading roles from the great composer 's works ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Namyangju", "text": "Namyangju ( Korean pronunciation : [ na.mjaŋ.dʑu ] ) is a city in Gyeonggi Province , South Korea . To the east is Gapyeong County , to the west is Guri City , and to the north is Pocheon City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SC_Sagamihara", "text": "SC Sagamihara ( SC相模原 , SC Sagamihara ) is a Japanese association football club based in Sagamihara , Kanagawa Prefecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_Anne_style_architecture_in_the_United_States", "text": "In the United States , Queen Anne-style architecture was popular from roughly 1880 to 1910 . Queen Anne was one of a number of popular architectural styles to emerge during the Victorian era . Within the Victorian era timeline , Queen Anne style followed the Eastlake style and preceded the Richardsonian Romanesque and Shingle styles . The style bears almost no relationship to the Queen Anne style architecture , a toned-down version of English Baroque mostly used for gentry houses , produced in the actual reign of Queen Anne from 1702 to 1714 . It describes a wide range of picturesque buildings with free Renaissance ( non-Gothic Revival ) details rather than of a specific formulaic style in its own right . Queen Anne , as an alternative both to the French-derived Second Empire and the less domestic Beaux-Arts architecture , is broadly applied to architecture , furniture and decorative arts of the period 1880 to 1910 ; some Queen Anne architectural elements , such as the wraparound front porch , continued to be found into the 1920s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland_at_the_1948_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Switzerland was the host nation for the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz . It was the second time that Switzerland had hosted the Winter Games , after the 1928 Winter Olympics , also in St. Moritz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antes_de_Ti", "text": "Antes de Ti is a song by Chilean singer Mon Laferte released originally on February 2 , 2018 , through Universal Music Group as a non-album single . The song was written and produced by Laferte and Manuel Soto . A Japanese version of Antes de Ti was released on May 4 , 2018 and both versions were released in vinyl format on May 23 , 2018 . It received a Latin Grammy nomination for Song of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bracadale", "text": "Bracadale ( Scottish Gaelic : Bracadal ) is a settlement and parish on the Isle of Skye in Scotland . It lies on the west coast of the island , west-south-west of Portree , on Loch Beag , an inlet off Loch Harport . Nearby settlements include Struan to the west and Coillore on the opposite shore of Loch Beag ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Condor_Heroes_95", "text": "The Condor Heroes 95 is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha 's novel The Return of the Condor Heroes . It was first broadcast on TVB Jade in Hong Kong in 1995 . Many of the cast from The Legend of the Condor Heroes ( 1994 ) reprised their roles in this series , such as Lau Dan ( Hung Tsat-kung ) and Wayne Lai ( Chow Pak-tung ) . In addition , Jason Pai reprised his breakthrough role as Kwok Ching , whom he previously portrayed in The Legend of the Condor Heroes ( 1976 ) and The Return of the Condor Heroes ( 1976 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minute", "text": "The minute is a unit of time usually equal to ​1⁄60 ( the first sexagesimal fraction ) of an hour , or 60 seconds . In the UTC time standard , a minute on rare occasions has 61 seconds , a consequence of leap seconds ( there is a provision to insert a negative leap second , which would result in a 59-second minute , but this has never happened in more than 40 years under this system ) . Although not an SI unit , the minute is accepted for use with SI units . The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min ( without a dot ) . The prime symbol is also sometimes used informally to denote minutes of time . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Australia", "text": "South Australia ( abbreviated as SA ) is a state in the southern central part of Australia . It covers some of the most arid parts of the country . With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres ( 379,725 sq mi ) , it is the fourth-largest of Australia 's states and territories by area , and fifth largest by population . It has a total of 1.7 million people , and its population is the second most highly centralised in Australia , after Western Australia , with more than 77 percent of South Australians living in the capital , Adelaide , or its environs . Other population centres in the state are relatively small ; Mount Gambier , the second largest centre , has a population of 28,684 . South Australia shares borders with all of the other mainland states , and with the Northern Territory ; it is bordered to the west by Western Australia , to the north by the Northern Territory , to the north-east by Queensland , to the east by New South Wales , to the south-east by Victoria , and to the south by the Great Australian Bight . The state comprises less than 8 percent of the Australian population and ranks fifth in population among the six states and two territories . The majority of its people reside in greater Metropolitan Adelaide . Most of the remainder are settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray . The state 's colonial origins are unique in Australia as a freely settled , planned British province , rather than as a convict settlement . Colonial government commenced on 28 December 1836 , when the members of the council were sworn in near the Old Gum Tree . [ citation needed ] As with the rest of the continent , the region has a long history of human occupation by numerous tribes and languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tulane_University", "text": "Tulane University is a private research university in New Orleans , Louisiana . It was founded as a public medical college in 1834 and became a comprehensive university in 1847 . The institution was made private under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884 . Tulane is the 9th oldest private university in the Association of American Universities , which consists of major research universities in the United States and Canada . The Tulane University Law School and Tulane University Medical School are considered the 12th oldest and 15th oldest law and medical schools , respectively , in the United States . Alumni include prominent entrepreneurs , founders , and inventors in technology , medical devices , entertainment , retail , mass media , fashion , and public policy ; the President of Costa Rica ; U.S. State governors ; Federal judges ( including a Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court ) ; U.S . Senators ; U.S. Members of Congress ( including a Speaker of the House ) ; heads of Federal agencies ; two Surgeons General of the United States ; U.S. diplomats ; at least 23 undergraduate Marshall scholars ( which ranks Tulane 18th among all universities and colleges ) ; at least 18 Rhodes scholars ; at least 12 Truman scholars ; 155 Fulbright scholars ; prominent screenwriters ; Emmy-award winners ; Oscar-Award winners ; Pulitzer-prize-winning authors ; chief executive officers ; major law firm partners ; university presidents ; living billionaires including Ricardo Salinas Pliego ; Stanley Motta ; David Filo ; and Jerry Springer . At least two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Hampshire", "text": "New Hampshire ( /ˈhæmpʃər/ ) is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . It is bordered by Massachusetts to the south , Vermont to the west , Maine and the Atlantic Ocean to the east , and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north . New Hampshire is the 5th smallest by area and the 10th least populous U.S. state . Concord is the state capital , while Manchester is the largest city . New Hampshire has no general sales tax , nor income tax other than on interest and dividends . The New Hampshire primary is the first primary in the U.S. presidential election cycle . Its license plates carry the state motto , Live Free or Die . The state 's nickname , The Granite State , refers to its extensive granite formations and quarries . In January 1776 , it became the first of the British North American colonies to establish a government independent of the Kingdom of Great Britain 's authority , and it was the first to establish its own state constitution . Six months later , it became one of the original 13 colonies that signed the United States Declaration of Independence , and in June 1788 it was the ninth state to ratify the United States Constitution , bringing that document into effect . Historically , New Hampshire was a major center for textile manufacturing , shoemaking , and papermaking , with Amoskeag Manufacturing Company in Manchester at one time being the largest cotton textile plant in the world . Numerous mills were located along various rivers in the state , especially the Merrimack and Connecticut rivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ruth_Hale_(feminist)", "text": "Ruth Hale ( 1887 - September 18 , 1934 ) was an American journalist who worked for women 's rights in New York City during the era before and after World War I . She was married to journalist Heywood Broun and was an associate of the Algonquin Round Table . Hale was the founder of the Lucy Stone League , an organization whose motto was My name is the symbol for my identity and must not be lost . Hale 's cause led her to fight for women to be able to legally preserve their maiden names after marriage . She challenged in the courts any government edict that would not recognize a married woman by the name she chose to use ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magat_River", "text": "Magat River is a river in the Philippine island of Luzon . It originates in the Nueva Vizcaya municipality of Aritao , where the Santa Fe River joins the Marang . It is the largest tributary of the Cagayan River by discharge volume of water , with an estimated drainage area of 5,110 square kilometres ( 1,970 sq mi ) , roughly twenty percent of the total drainage area of the Cagayan River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2001_AFC_Women's_Championship", "text": "The 2001 AFC Women 's Championship was a women 's football tournament held in Taipei County , Taiwan ( Chinese Taipei ) between 4 and 16 December 2001 . It was the 13th staging of the AFC Women 's Asian Cup , consisting of fourteen teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Retail", "text": "Retail is the process of selling consumer goods or services to customers through multiple channels of distribution to earn a profit . Retailers satisfy demand identified through a supply chain . The term retailer is typically applied where a service provider fills the small orders of many individuals , who are end-users , rather than large orders of a small number of wholesale , corporate or government clientele . Shopping generally refers to the act of buying products . Sometimes this is done to obtain final goods , including necessities such as food and clothing ; sometimes it takes place as a recreational activity . Recreational shopping often involves window shopping and browsing : it does not always result in a purchase . Retail markets and shops have a very ancient history , dating back to antiquity . Some of the earliest retailers were itinerant peddlers . Over the centuries , retail shops were transformed from little more than rude booths to the sophisticated shopping malls of the modern era . Most modern retailers typically make a variety of strategic level decisions including the type of store , the market to be served , the optimal product assortment , customer service , supporting services and the store 's overall market positioning . Once the strategic retail plan is in place , retailers devise the retail mix which includes product , price , place , promotion , personnel , and presentation . In the digital age , an increasing number of retailers are seeking to reach broader markets by selling through multiple channels , including both bricks and mortar and online retailing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Burning_Zone", "text": "The Burning Zone is an American science fiction drama television series created by Coleman Luck that originally aired for one season on United Paramount Network ( UPN ) from September 3 , 1996 to May 20 , 1997 . The series follows a government task force assigned to investigate chemical and biological threats . Initially , the program focused on the virologist Edward Marcase ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ) and Dr. Kimberly Shiroma ( Tamlyn Tomita ) . In response to the show 's low ratings , Marcase and Shiroma were removed in the middle of the season . Dr. Daniel Cassian ( Michael Harris ) became the lead character , and a new character , Dr. Brian Taft ( Bradford Tatum ) , joined the task force . The Burning Zone initially incorporated supernatural and religious elements , but shifted towards more action-oriented storylines . The series was only drama ordered by UPN for the 1996-97 television season . It was paired with the sitcoms Moesha and Homeboys in Outer Space . The Burning Zone has never been released on DVD or Blu-ray , or made available on online-streaming services . Critical response to The Burning Zone was primarily negative ; commentators were divided over its storylines and tone . It received comparisons to other science-fiction properties , especially The X-Files . Kasumi Mihori and Billy Pittard were nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Design for the 49th Primetime Emmy Awards for their contributions to the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IFPI_Denmark", "text": "IFPI Danmark , IFPI Denmark [ citation needed ] is the Danish branch of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) and is the official charts provider and recording sales certification body for Denmark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Barnes_(politician)", "text": "Benny Frank Barnes ( born April 17 , 1938 ) is an American real estate magnate , politician , and lobbyist , who formerly served as Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives from 1965 to 1969 and the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Texas from January 21 , 1969 to January 16 , 1973 , for two two-year terms . He was a vice-chair and top fund-raiser of John Kerry 's presidential campaign . Barnes was one of only eight persons who raised over $ 500,000 for Kerry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gilbert_Bayes", "text": "Gilbert William Bayes ( 4 April 1872 - 10 July 1953 ) was an English sculptor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/União_Leiria", "text": "União Desportiva de Leiria , commonly known as União de Leiria ( pronounced [ uniˈɐ̃w̃ dɨ lɐjˈɾiɐ ] ) , is a Portuguese football club based in Leiria , central Portugal . Founded on 6 June 1966 , it currently plays in the Campeonato de Portugal , holding home matches at Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa , with a 24,000-seat capacity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christina_Ricci", "text": "Christina Ricci ( /ˈriːtʃi/ ; born February 12 , 1980 ) is an American actress and producer . She is known for playing unconventional characters with a dark edge . Ricci is the recipient of several accolades , including a National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Satellite Award for Best Actress , as well as Golden Globe , Primetime Emmy , Screen Actors Guild , and Independent Spirit Award nominations . Ricci made her film debut at the age of ten in Mermaids ( 1990 ) , which was followed by a breakout role as Wednesday Addams in The Addams Family ( 1991 ) and its sequel . Subsequent appearances in Casper and Now and Then ( both 1995 ) brought her fame as a teen icon . At 17 , she moved into adult-oriented roles with The Ice Storm ( 1997 ) , which led to parts in films such as Buffalo '66 , Pecker and The Opposite of Sex ( all 1998 ) . She garnered acclaim for her performances in Sleepy Hollow ( 1999 ) and Monster ( 2003 ) . Her other credits include Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ( 1998 ) , Prozac Nation ( 2001 ) , Pumpkin ( 2002 ) , Anything Else ( 2003 ) , Black Snake Moan ( 2006 ) , Speed Racer ( 2008 ) , and The Smurfs 2 ( 2013 ) . Despite being known predominantly for her work in independent productions , Ricci has appeared in numerous box office hits - to date , her films have grossed in excess of US $ 1.4 billion . On television , Ricci appeared as Liza Bump in the final season of Ally McBeal ( 2002 ) , and received acclaim for her guest role on Grey 's Anatomy in 2006 . She also starred as Maggie Ryan on the ABC series Pan Am ( 2011-12 ) , and produced and starred in the series The Lizzie Borden Chronicles ( 2015 ) and Z : The Beginning of Everything ( 2017 ) . As well as voicing characters in several animated films , Ricci provided voices for the video games The Legend of Spyro : Dawn of the Dragon and Speed Racer : The Videogame ( both 2008 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Real_Monarchs", "text": "Real Monarchs is a professional soccer club playing in the USL Championship , the second division of American soccer . The team is owned by , and operates as the reserve team of , the Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake . While the senior club is based , and plays , in Rio Tinto Stadium , Sandy , Utah , Real Monarchs SLC are based in the Real Salt Lake training facility in Herriman , Utah , playing out of Zions Bank Stadium . In 2017 , Real Monarchs won the USL Regular Season Championship , the equivalent in the second division of the Supporters Shield . In 2019 , Real Monarchs won their first outright USL Championship , defeating two-time champions Louisville City FC 3-1 at Louisville Slugger Field , Louisville , Kentucky . The Monarchs are the second MLS reserve team , after New York Red Bulls II to win the second division title , and the first to do so as USL Championship Western Conference champion . As a fully owned MLS affiliate of Real Salt Lake , Real Monarchs do not enter the U.S. Open Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Ellis_(priest)", "text": "David Ellis ( 31 August 1736 - 1795 ) was a Welsh Anglican clergyman , poet and transcriber of manuscripts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palora_Canton", "text": "Palora Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Morona-Santiago Province . Its capital is the town of Palora . Its population at the 2001 census was 6,317 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cloud_Control", "text": "Cloud Control is an Australian alternative rock band , originating from the Blue Mountains near Sydney , Australia . As of 2013 [ update ] the band is signed to the Australian record label Ivy League Records , in which they released their debut album Bliss Release . They are also signed to Infectious Music in the UK/Europe ; and Votiv in North America . The band has supported a host of local and international acts , including Arcade Fire , Vampire Weekend , Supergrass , The Magic Numbers , Yves Klein Blue , The Temper Trap , Last Dinosaurs , Local Natives and Weezer . They have been nominated for a clutch of awards in Australia , including two ARIA Awards . The band won the Australian Music Prize on 3 March 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2018 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 23-27 . The top six regular season finishers of the league 's ten teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Sprenger Stadium in Avon , Ohio . Kent State won the tournament to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/70th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 70th Academy Awards ceremony , organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , took place on March 23 , 1998 , at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST . During the show , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories honoring films released in 1997 . The ceremony , which was televised in the United States by ABC , was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz . Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the sixth time . He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 , and he had hosted the previous year 's gala . Nearly a month earlier in an event held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California on February 28 , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Ashley Judd . Titanic won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for James Cameron and Best Picture . Other winners included As Good as It Gets , Good Will Hunting and L.A . Confidential with two awards , and The Full Monty , Geri 's Game , Karakter , The Long Way Home , Visas and Virtue , Men in Black and A Story of Healing with one . The telecast garnered more than 57 million viewers in the United States , making it the most watched Oscars broadcast in history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jessheim", "text": "Jessheim is a town in the Ullensaker municipality in Akershus of Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roberta_Flack", "text": "Roberta Cleopatra Flack ( born February 10 , 1937 ) is an American singer . She is known for her No . 1 singles The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face , Killing Me Softly with His Song , Feel Like Makin ' Love ; and Where Is the Love and The Closer I Get to You , two of her many duets with Donny Hathaway . Flack is the only solo artist to win the Grammy Award for Record of the Year on two consecutive years : The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face won at the 1973 Grammys and Killing Me Softly with His Song won at the 1974 Grammys ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S&T_Bank_Arena", "text": "S & T Bank Arena is a 1,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Indiana , Pennsylvania , USA . It hosts local sporting and other events . Current tenants include the men 's and women 's ACHA ice hockey teams of the IUP Crimson Hawks , Indiana Drillers a new independent Jr hockey team , Indiana Area High School and The Kiski School high school ice hockey teams , and various youth and recreation leagues . The arena was previously the home of the Indiana Ice Miners of the Mid-Atlantic Hockey League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yau_Tsim_Mong_District", "text": "Yau Tsim Mong District ( Chinese : 油尖旺區 ; Cantonese Yale : Yàuhjīmwohng kēui ) is one of 18 districts of Hong Kong , located on the western part of Kowloon Peninsula . It is the core urban area of Kowloon . The district has the second highest population density of all districts , at 49,115/km² . The 2016 By-Census recorded the total population of Yau Tsim Mong District at 342,970 . Formerly two districts , the Yau Tsim District and Mong Kok District , it was combined in 1994 as an acronym of three of its major areas : Yau Ma Tei , Tsim Sha Tsui , and Mong Kok ."}
{"title": "/wiki/US_Senate", "text": "The United States Senate is the upper chamber of the United States Congress , which , along with the United States House of Representatives - the lower chamber - constitutes the legislature of the United States . The Senate chamber is located in the north wing of the Capitol Building , in Washington , D.C . The composition and powers of the Senate are established by Article One of the United States Constitution . The Senate is composed of senators , each of whom represents a single state in its entirety . Each state , regardless of its population size , is equally represented by two senators who serve staggered terms of six years . There being at present 50 states in the Union , there are currently 100 senators . From 1789 to 1913 , senators were appointed by legislatures of the states they represented ; they are now elected by popular vote , following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment in 1913 . As the upper chamber of Congress , the Senate has several powers of advice and consent which are unique to it . These include the approval of treaties , and the confirmation of Cabinet secretaries , Supreme Court justices , federal judges , flag officers , regulatory officials , ambassadors , other federal executive officials and other federal uniformed officers . In addition to these , in cases wherein no candidate receives a majority of electors for vice president , the duty falls to the Senate to elect one of the top two recipients of electors for that office . Furthermore , the Senate has the responsibility of conducting the trials of those impeached by the House . The Senate is widely considered both a more deliberative and more prestigious body than the House of Representatives due to its longer terms , smaller size , and statewide constituencies , which historically led to a more collegial and less partisan atmosphere ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westin_Hotels_&_Resorts", "text": "Westin Hotels & Resorts is an American upscale hotel chain owned by Marriott International . As of December 31 , 2018 , the Westin Brand has 223 hotels with 82,153 rooms in multiple countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enix", "text": "Enix Corporation ( 株式会社エニックス , Kabushiki-gaisha Enikkusu ) was a Japanese video game publisher that produced video games , anime and manga . Enix is known for publishing the Dragon Quest series of role-playing video games . The company was founded by Yasuhiro Fukushima on September 22 , 1975 , as Eidansha Boshu Service Center ( 株式会社営団社募集サービスセンター , Kabushiki Gaisha Eidansha Boshū Sābisu Sentā ) . The name Enix is a play on the words phoenix , a mythical bird that is reborn from its own ashes , and ENIAC , the world 's first digital computer . The company merged with rival Square in 2003 to form Square Enix ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Charles_Bunnell", "text": "Frank Charles Bunnell ( March 19 , 1842 - September 11 , 1911 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guerra_de_Titanes_(2009)", "text": "Guerra de Titanes ( 2009 ) ( War of the Titans ) was the thirteenth annual Guerra de Titanes professional wrestling show promoted by AAA since 1997 . The show took place on December 11 , 2009 in the Ciudad Madero , Tamaulipas Convention center , a site that AAA has used for many of their major shows . Guerra de Titanes is AAA 's End of year show and the fifth of their big shows they hold every year . The Main Event saw Dr. Wagner Jr. defend the AAA Mega Championship against El Mesias in a Domo De La Muerte cage match . The show also featured two AAA championship matches as Nicho el Millonario and Joe Líder defended the AAA World Tag Team Championship and Mini Charly Manson defended the AAA World Mini-Estrella Championship . Furthermore a Mask vs . Hair , Lucha de Apuesta match between Faby Apache and Sexy Star took place as well . Finally the show featured a Six-man Lucha Libre rules tag team match and a four on four AAA vs. La Legion Extranjera elimination match where the winner would receive a title match for the AAA Mega Championship as AAA 's 2010 Rey de Reyes show ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chhattisgarh", "text": "Chhattisgarh ( Chhattīsgaṛh , Hindi pronunciation : [ /ˈtʃʰət̪ːisgəɽʱ/ ] , translation : Thirty-Six Forts ) is one of the 28 states of India , located in the centre-east of the country . It is the ninth-largest state in India , with an area of 135,192 km2 ( 52,198 sq mi ) . With a 2011 population of 25.5 million , Chhattisgarh is the 16th-most populated state in the country . A resource-rich state , it is a source of electricity and steel for the country , accounting for 15% of the total steel produced as well as large contributor of coal . Chhattisgarh is one of the fastest-developing states in India . The state was formed on 1 November 2000 by partitioning ten Chhattisgarhi and six Gondi-speaking southeastern districts of Madhya Pradesh . The capital city is Raipur . Chhattisgarh borders the states of Madhya Pradesh in the northwest , Uttar Pradesh in the north , Jharkhand in northeast , Maharashtra in the southwest , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh in the south , and Odisha in the southeast . Currently the state comprises 30 districts . The Gross State Domestic Product ( GSDP ) of Chhattisgarh is ₹3.63 lakh crore ( US $ 51 billion ) and the per capita GSDP ₹102,762 ( US $ 1,400 )"}
{"title": "/wiki/WUBB", "text": "WUBB is a country music formatted radio station targeted towards Savannah and Hilton Head known as Bob 106.9 . At one time the station was on 104.9 , which did not provide as strong a signal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brave_Little_Tailor", "text": "Brave Little Tailor is a 1938 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures . It is an adaptation of the fairy tale The Valiant Little Tailor with Mickey Mouse in the title role . It was directed by Bill Roberts and features original music by Albert Hay Malotte . The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey , Marcellite Garner as Minnie , and Eddie Holden as the Giant . The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 11th Academy Awards in 1939 , but lost to Disney 's own Ferdinand the Bull . In 1994 it was chosen as the 26th greatest cartoon of all time by members of the animation field . The list was compiled in the book The 50 Greatest Cartoons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Don_Wright_Faculty_of_Music", "text": "The Don Wright Faculty of Music is the faculty of music at the University of Western Ontario , commonly referred to among Canadian universities as Western University , in London , Ontario , Canada . 465 undergraduate students and 125 graduate students were enrolled in 2009-2010 . It is situated on Western 's main campus in Talbot College and the Music Building . Both buildings underwent extensive renovations and additions which were completed in 2018 . The Dean is Betty Anne Younker , Associate Deans are John Cuciurean ( Undergraduate Admissions & Programs ) and Catherine Nolan ( Graduate Studies ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Napaskiak,_Alaska", "text": "Napaskiak ( Napaskiaq in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a city in Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States . At the 2010 census the population was 405 , up from 390 in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brandon_Shores_Generating_Station", "text": "The Brandon Shores Generating Station is an electric generating station located on Fort Smallwood Road north of Orchard Beach in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , near Glen Burnie , and is operated by Raven Power Holdings , Inc. Brandon Shores consists of two Babcock & Wilcox coal-fired boilers and two General Electric steam turbines with a combined nominal generating capacity of 1370 MWe . Unit 1 went into operation in May 1984 and Unit 2 in May 1991 . The station shares a 483-acre ( 195 ha ) site adjacent to the Patapsco River with the Herbert A. Wagner Generating Station . The Brandon Shores plant dominates the site with its 700-foot ( 210 m ) exhaust and 400-foot ( 120 m ) flue-gas desulfurization ( FGD ) system stacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shallot", "text": "The shallot is a type of onion , specifically a botanical variety of the species Allium cepa . The shallot was formerly classified as a separate species , A. ascalonicum , a name now considered a synonym of the currently accepted name . Its close relatives include the garlic , leek , chive , and Chinese onion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soul_Man_(song)", "text": "Soul Man is a 1967 song written and composed by Isaac Hayes and David Porter , first successful as a number 2 hit single by Atlantic Records soul duo Sam & Dave , which consisted of Samuel Sam Moore and David Dave Prater . In 2019 , Soul Man was selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry as culturally , historically , and aesthetically significant by the Library of Congress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Landmark_(video_game)", "text": "Landmark was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game developed and published by Daybreak Game Company ( originally Sony Online Entertainment ) for Microsoft Windows . The game 's original name was EverQuest Next Landmark , but was switched to Landmark in March 2014 . The original purpose for EverQuest Next Landmark was mainly as a player content creation tool for EverQuest Next . Landmark was released in June 2016 , and was playable until the servers were shut down in February 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Area", "text": "Area is the quantity that expresses the extent of a two-dimensional figure or shape or planar lamina , in the plane . Surface area is its analog on the two-dimensional surface of a three-dimensional object . Area can be understood as the amount of material with a given thickness that would be necessary to fashion a model of the shape , or the amount of paint necessary to cover the surface with a single coat . It is the two-dimensional analog of the length of a curve ( a one-dimensional concept ) or the volume of a solid ( a three-dimensional concept ) . The area of a shape can be measured by comparing the shape to squares of a fixed size . In the International System of Units ( SI ) , the standard unit of area is the square metre ( written as m2 ) , which is the area of a square whose sides are one metre long . A shape with an area of three square metres would have the same area as three such squares . In mathematics , the unit square is defined to have area one , and the area of any other shape or surface is a dimensionless real number . There are several well-known formulas for the areas of simple shapes such as triangles , rectangles , and circles . Using these formulas , the area of any polygon can be found by dividing the polygon into triangles . For shapes with curved boundary , calculus is usually required to compute the area . Indeed , the problem of determining the area of plane figures was a major motivation for the historical development of calculus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KVUU", "text": "KVUU ( 99.9 MHz ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Pueblo , Colorado , and serving the Colorado Springs-Pueblo radio market . It airs a Hot AC radio format and is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc . The station is known by its moniker My 99.9 . Studios and offices are in the iHeart radio complex on South Circle Drive in Colorado Springs . Its transmitter is also in Colorado Springs , on a tower shared with other FM and TV stations on Cheyenne Mountain . KVUU broadcasts in the HD Radio format . Its HD-2 subchannel carries the Way-FM Christian Contemporary music network . That subchannel feeds two translator stations , 93.9 K230BO Monument , and 99.3 K257FO Colorado Springs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richmond_Olympic_Oval", "text": "The Richmond Olympic Oval ( French : Anneau olympique de Richmond ) is an indoor multi-sports arena in the Canadian city of Richmond , British Columbia . The oval was built for the 2010 Winter Olympics and was originally configured with a speed skating rink . The venue has since been reconfigured and now serves as a community multi-sport park and includes two ice hockey rinks , two running tracks , a climbing wall , a rowing tank and a flexible area which can be used for , among other sports , basketball , volleyball , indoor soccer and table tennis . The Olympic bid called for the oval to be located on the grounds of Simon Fraser University ( SFU ) in Burnaby , but Richmond was instead selected in 2004 . Although twice the price of the SFU alternative , the location was selected because the city offered to cover all costs exceeding $ 60 million . Construction started in 2006 , cost $ 178 million CAD and the venue opened on 12 December 2008 . In addition to speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics , the venue has hosted the 2009 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships . Designed by CannonDesign , the oval 's elements are made to resemble the heron ."}
{"title": "/wiki/8888_Uprising", "text": "The 8888 Nationwide Popular Pro-Democracy Protests ( MLCTS : hrac le : lum : ) , also known as the 8-8-88 Uprisings , or the People Power Uprising , the People 's Democracy Movement and the 1988 Uprising , were a series of nationwide protests , marches and civil unrest in Burma ( Myanmar ) that peaked in August 1988 . Key events occurred on 8 August 1988 and therefore it is known as the 8888 Uprising . The protests began as a student movement and were organised largely by university students at the Rangoon Arts and Sciences University and the Rangoon Institute of Technology ( RIT ) . Since 1962 , the Burma Socialist Programme Party had ruled the country as a totalitarian one-party state , headed by General Ne Win . Under the government agenda , called the Burmese Way to Socialism , which involved economic isolation and strengthening the military , Burma became one of the world 's most impoverished countries . Many firms in the formal sector of the economy were nationalised , and the government combined Soviet-style central planning with Buddhist and traditional beliefs . The 8888 uprising was started by students in Yangon ( Rangoon ) on 8 August 1988 . Student protests spread throughout the country . Hundreds of thousands of monks , children , university students , housewives , doctors and common people protested against the government . The uprising ended on 18 September after a bloody military coup by the State Law and Order Restoration Council ( SLORC ) . Thousands of deaths have been attributed to the military during this uprising , while authorities in Myanmar put the figure at around 350 people killed . During the crisis , Aung San Suu Kyi emerged as a national icon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta_Flames", "text": "The Atlanta Flames were a professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta , Georgia , from 1972 until 1980 . They played out of the Omni Coliseum and were members of the West and later Patrick divisions of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Along with the New York Islanders , the Flames were created in 1971 as part of the NHL 's conflict with the rival World Hockey Association ( WHA ) . The team enjoyed modest success on the ice , qualifying for the playoffs in six of its eight seasons , but failed to win a playoff series and won only two post-season games total . The franchise struggled to draw fans , and after averaging only 10,000 per game in 1979-80 , was sold and relocated to Alberta to become the Calgary Flames . Eric Vail was the Flames ' top goal scorer with 174 while Tom Lysiak led with 431 points . Guy Chouinard was the lone player to score 50 goals in one season . Goaltender Dan Bouchard led the team in wins ( 166 ) and shutouts ( 20 ) . Two Flames players won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the NHL 's top rookie : Vail in 1974-75 and Willi Plett in 1975-76 . Bob MacMillan won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy as the most gentlemanly player in 1978-79 . General manager Cliff Fletcher is the lone member of the Atlanta team to be named to the Hockey Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Trump_Building", "text": "40 Wall Street , also known as the Trump Building , is a 71-story neo-gothic skyscraper between Nassau Street and William Street in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City . Erected by The Manhattan Company as its headquarters , the building was originally known as the Bank of Manhattan Trust Building , and also as the Manhattan Company Building , until its founding tenant merged to form the Chase Manhattan Bank . The structure was completed in 1930 after 11 months of construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FK_Austria_Wien", "text": "Fußballklub Austria Wien ( German pronunciation : [ ˈaʊ̯stri̯aː ˈviːn ] ; known in English as Austria Vienna , and usually shortened to Austria in German-speaking countries ) , is an Austrian association football club from the capital city of Vienna . It has won the most national titles of any Austrian club from the top flight . It has won 24 Austrian Bundesliga titles and is one of only two sides that have never been relegated from the Austrian top flight . With 27 victories in the Austrian Cup and six in the Austrian Supercup , Austria Wien is also the most successful club in each of those tournaments . The club reached the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup final in 1978 , and the semi-finals of the European Cup the season after . The club plays at the Franz Horr Stadium , known as the Generali Arena since a 2010 naming rights deal with an Italian insurance company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas_Longhorns_baseball", "text": "The Texas Longhorns baseball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's baseball competition . The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas began varsity intercollegiate competition in baseball in 1894 . Texas is the winningest NCAA Division I college baseball program in terms of win percentage , with an all-time win-loss record of 3585-1354-32 ( .724 ) as of the end of the 2019 season . The Longhorns rank second in all-time wins as of June 11 , 2018 , behind the Fordham Rams . As of the end of the 2018 conference season , Texas has won 78 regular season conference championships and 16 conference tournament championships in baseball . The Longhorns have won six NCAA baseball national championships ( 1949 , 1950 , 1975 , 1983 , 2002 , 2005 ) - tied with LSU and second to Southern California 's total of 12 - and have been the runner-up in the College World Series ( CWS ) Championship Games on six other occasions ( 1953 , 1984 , 1985 , 1989 , 2004 , 2009 ) . Texas holds the records for most appearances in the College World Series ( 36 ) , most individual CWS games won ( 85 ) , most overall NCAA Tournament games won ( 240 ) , and most NCAA Tournament appearances ( 59 ) ; the second-place programs in these categories have 25 CWS appearances ( Miami ) , wins in 74 CWS games ( Southern California ) , 192 overall NCAA Tournament wins ( Florida State and Miami ) , and 56 NCAA Tournament appearances ( Florida State ) , as of June 11 , 2018 . Former Longhorns who have gone on to success in Major League Baseball include Roger Clemens , Calvin Schiraldi , Burt Hooton , Keith Moreland , Spike Owen , Mark Petkovsek , Greg Swindell , Brandon Belt , and Huston Street . From 1997 to 2016 , the Longhorns were led by head coach Augie Garrido , who holds the record for most wins in NCAA baseball history . The team is currently led by third-year head coach David Pierce . Texas plays its home games at UFCU-Disch-Falk Field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics_–_Men's_mass_start", "text": "The men 's mass start competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler , British Columbia on February 21 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kostas_Papanikolaou", "text": "Konstantinos Kostas Papanikolaou ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Κώστας Παπανικολάου ; born July 31 , 1990 ) is a Greek professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the EuroLeague . Standing at 2.04 m ( 6 ' 8 ​1⁄2 ) tall , he plays at the small forward position . He has previously played in the NBA for the Houston Rockets and Denver Nuggets , and is also a member of the senior Greek nationals Player profil : A player who with his energy and athletic ability fills every corner of the parquet . It is a modern guard-forward with the ability to fight at least three positions ( 2-3-4 ) with great success . He loves to run in surprise and often finish the stages with striking nails . It has a prestigious winning mindset and thanks to this it has already celebrated many national and collective titles . Excellent defender , thanks to his long legs and elusive abilities , while helping him play left-handed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1984 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , California , United States ( and other venues around the United States ) . This was the second time that Los Angeles had hosted the Games , the first being in 1932 . California was the home state of then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan , who officially opened the Games . The logo for the 1984 Games , branded Stars in Motion , featured red , white and blue stars arranged horizontally and struck through with alternating streaks . The official mascot of the Games was Sam the Olympic Eagle . These were the first Summer Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Juan Antonio Samaranch . The 1984 Games were boycotted by a total of fourteen Eastern Bloc countries , including the Soviet Union and East Germany , in response to the American-led boycott of the previous 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan ; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc nation that opted to attend the Games . Iran and Libya also chose to boycott the Games for unrelated reasons . Despite the field being depleted in certain sports due to the boycott , 140 National Olympic Committees took part , which was a record at the time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , followed by Romania and West Germany . The 1984 Summer Olympics are widely considered to be the most financially successful modern Olympics and served as an example of how to run the model Olympic Games . As a result of low construction costs , coupled with a reliance on private corporate funding , the 1984 Olympic Games generated a profit of more than $ 250 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eden_Hazard", "text": "Eden Michael Hazard ( French pronunciation : ​ [ edɛn azaʁ ] ; born 7 January 1991 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and captains the Belgium national team . Widely considered as one of the best players in the world , Hazard is known for his creativity , speed , acceleration , dribbling and passing . Hazard is the son of two former footballers and began his career in Belgium playing for local youth clubs . In 2005 , he moved to France , where he began his senior career with Ligue 1 club Lille . Hazard spent two years in the club 's academy and , at the age of 16 , made his professional debut in November 2007 . He went on to become an integral part of the Lille team under manager Rudi Garcia , making over 190 appearances . In his first full season as a starter , he won the Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year award , becoming the first non-French player to win the award . In the 2009-10 season , Hazard captured the award again , becoming the first player to win the award twice . He was also named to the Ligue 1 Team of the Year . In the 2010-11 season , he was a part of the Lille team that won the league and cup double and , as a result of his performances , was named the Ligue 1 Player of the Year , the youngest player to win the award . Hazard was also given the Bravo Award by Italian magazine Guerin Sportivo for his performances during this season . In June 2012 Hazard signed for English club Chelsea ; he won the UEFA Europa League in his first season and the PFA Young Player of the Year in his second ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_White_Sox", "text": "The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The White Sox are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf , and play their home games at Guaranteed Rate Field , located on the city 's South Side . They are one of two major league clubs in Chicago ; the other is the Chicago Cubs of the National League ( NL ) Central division . One of the American League 's eight charter franchises , the franchise was established as a major league baseball club in 1901 . The club was originally called the Chicago White Stockings , but this was soon shortened to Chicago White Sox . The team originally played home games at South Side Park before moving to Comiskey Park in 1910 , where they played until Guaranteed Rate Field ( originally known as Comiskey Park and then known as U.S. Cellular Field ) opened in 1991 . The White Sox won the 1906 World Series with a defense-oriented team dubbed the Hitless Wonders , and the 1917 World Series led by Eddie Cicotte , Eddie Collins , and Shoeless Joe Jackson . The 1919 World Series was marred by the Black Sox Scandal , in which several members of the White Sox were accused of conspiring with gamblers to fix games . In response , Major League Baseball 's new Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis banned the players from Major League Baseball for life . In 1959 , led by Early Wynn , Nellie Fox , Luis Aparicio and manager Al López , the White Sox won the American League pennant . They won the AL pennant in 2005 , and went on to win the World Series , led by World Series MVP Jermaine Dye , Paul Konerko , Mark Buehrle , catcher A. J. Pierzynski , and the first Latino manager to win the World Series , Ozzie Guillén ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jinan", "text": "Jinan , alternately romanized as Tsinan , [ a ] is the capital of Shandong province in Eastern China . The area of present-day Jinan has played an important role in the history of the region from the earliest beginnings of civilization and has evolved into a major national administrative , economic , and transportation hub . The city has held sub-provincial administrative status since 1994 . Jinan is often called the Spring City for its famous 72 artesian springs . Its population was 6.8 million at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nice", "text": "Nice ( /niːs/ , NEESS ; French pronunciation : ​ [ nis ] ; Niçard Occitan : Niça , classical norm , or Nissa , nonstandard , pronounced [ ˈnisa ] ; Italian : Nizza [ ˈnittsa ] ; Greek : Νίκαια ; Latin : Nicaea ) is the seventh most populous urban area in France and the capital of the Alpes-Maritimes department . The metropolitan area of Nice extends beyond the administrative city limits , with a population of about 1 million on an area of 721 km2 ( 278 sq mi ) . Located in the French Riviera , on the south east coast of France on the Mediterranean Sea , at the foot of the Alps , Nice is the second-largest French city on the Mediterranean coast and the second-largest city in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region after Marseille . Nice is approximately 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) from the principality of Monaco and 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) from the French-Italian border . Nice 's airport serves as a gateway to the region . The city is nicknamed Nice la Belle ( Nissa La Bella in Niçard ) , which means Nice the Beautiful , which is also the title of the unofficial anthem of Nice , written by Menica Rondelly in 1912 . The area of today 's Nice contains Terra Amata , an archaeological site which displays evidence of a very early use of fire 380,000 years ago . Around 350 BC , Greeks of Marseille founded a permanent settlement and called it Nikaia , after Nike , the goddess of victory . Through the ages , the town has changed hands many times . Its strategic location and port significantly contributed to its maritime strength . For centuries it was a dominion of Savoy , and was then part of France between 1792 and 1815 , when it was returned to the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia until its re-annexation by France in 1860 . The natural environment of the Nice area and its mild Mediterranean climate came to the attention of the English upper classes in the second half of the 18th century , when an increasing number of aristocratic families took to spending their winters there ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Otago_District", "text": "Central Otago District is local government district in New Zealand . It is administered by the Central Otago District Council and it is in the Otago region , the top tier of local government in New Zealand . The major towns in the district are Alexandra ( the seat of local government ) , Cromwell , Roxburgh , Clyde and Ranfurly . The Central Otago District is part of what is informally known as Central Otago . It was formed in 1989 from the merger of the former Vincent and Maniototo Counties . The current mayor is Tim Cadogan , who comfortably unseated the incumbent , Tony Lepper in the 2016 local elections . Mr Cadogan polled 5047 votes , more than double that polled by Mr Lepper , with 2521 votes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London saw fifteen shooting events . Most of the events were held at Bisley , Surrey while the trap shooting events were held at Uxendon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Muskegon,_Michigan", "text": "North Muskegon is a city in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was 3,786 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hirsch_Jacobs", "text": "Hirsch Jacobs ( April 8 , 1904 - February 13 , 1970 ) was an American thoroughbred horse trainer and owner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelvin_Ogilvie", "text": "Kelvin Kenneth Ogilvie , ( born November 6 , 1942 ) , is a Canadian academic and politician . A former president of Acadia University in Wolfville , he was named to the Senate of Canada as a Conservative on August 27 , 2009 , and served until his retirement on November 6 , 2017 . He is an international expert in biotechnology , bio-organic chemistry and genetic engineering ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shell_Canada", "text": "Shell Canada Limited ( French : Shell Canada Limitée ) is the subsidiary of Anglo-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell and one of Canada 's largest integrated oil companies . Exploration and production of oil , natural gas and sulphur is a major part of its business , as well as the marketing of gasoline and related products through the company 's approximately 1,800 stations across Canada . After a global reorganization by the European parent , Shell 's North American operations are controlled by Shell Energy North America , which is headquartered in Houston , Texas . Shell Energy North America 's Canadian operational unit , Shell Canada , maintains a regional corporate office in Calgary , Alberta . Shell Canada also maintains a major office in Toronto , Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jafar_Salmasi", "text": "Mohammad-Jafar Salmasi ( Persian : محمدجعفر سلماسی , 22 September 1918 - 31 January 2000 ) was an Iranian weightlifter who won Iran 's first Olympic medal at 1948 Summer Olympics . He was born in Kadhimiya , Iraq but originally from Salmas , West Azerbaijan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netherlands", "text": "The Netherlands ( Dutch : Nederland , [ ˈneːdərlɑnt ] ( listen ) ) , informally Holland , is a country in Northwestern Europe with some overseas territories in the Caribbean . In Europe , it consists of 12 provinces that border Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , with maritime borders in the North Sea with those countries and the United Kingdom . Together with the Caribbean Netherlands - Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba - it forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . The official language is Dutch and a secondary official language in the province of Friesland is West Frisian . In the north and east of the country , Low Saxon is also spoken , and in the southeast , Limburgish . In the Caribbean Netherlands English and Papiamento are recognised languages . The five largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague , Utrecht and Eindhoven . Amsterdam is the country 's most populous city and nominal capital , while The Hague holds the seat of the States General , Cabinet and Supreme Court . The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest seaport in Europe , and the busiest in any country outside Asia . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the busiest airport in the Netherlands , and the third busiest in Europe . The country is a founding member of the EU , Eurozone , G10 , NATO , OECD and WTO , as well as a part of the Schengen Area and the trilateral Benelux Union . It hosts several intergovernmental organisations and international courts , many of which are centered in The Hague , which is consequently dubbed 'the world 's legal capital ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phil_Esposito", "text": "Philip Anthony Esposito OC ( /ˌɛspəˈziːtoʊ/ ESP-ə-ZEE-toh , Italian : [ eˈspɔːzito ] ; born February 20 , 1942 ) is a Canadian broadcaster , and former professional ice hockey executive , coach and player . A member of the Hockey Hall of Fame , he played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks , Boston Bruins and New York Rangers . He is considered one of the greatest players of all time , and is the older brother of fellow Hall-of-Famer Tony Esposito , a goaltender . After retiring as a player , Esposito served as head coach and general manager of the New York Rangers before co-founding the Tampa Bay Lightning . He was the principal studio analyst for the NHL on Fox 1995-1998 . He now serves as Tampa Bay 's radio colour commentator . In 2017 , Esposito was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players ' in history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Debbie_Ferguson", "text": "Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie ( born 16 January 1976 ) is a former Bahamian sprint athlete who specialised in the 100 and 200 metres . Ferguson-Mckenzie participated in five Olympics . Ferguson-McKenzie is assistant coach of track and field at University of Kentucky . Previously , she coached for four years at the University of Houston . In 1995 , she was awarded the Austin Sealy Trophy for the most outstanding athlete of the 1995 CARIFTA Games . In total she won 7 gold , 9 silver , and 2 bronze CARIFTA Games medals . She had her first major successes with the Bahamian 4×100 metres relay team , winning gold at the Pan American Games and World Championships in Athletics in 1999 , and taking another gold at the Olympic Games the following year . She won her first individual gold medal at the 2001 World Championships - having initially won silver , gold medallist Marion Jones was later disqualified . The 2002 season was a career high for Ferguson-McKenzie : she won five gold medals , with victories at the IAAF World Cup and Grand Prix Final , and a 100 m , 200 m and relay gold at the 2002 Commonwealth Games . Her performance in the 100 m remains a personal best , and her time in the 200 m was a commonwealth games record and fastest by any athlete that year . She won her only individual Olympic medal in 2004 , taking bronze in the 200 m. Injury ruled her out for the whole of 2005 . She failed to reach the finals at the 2007 World Championships , unable to compete with the new generation of American and Jamaican sprinters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skeid_Fotball", "text": "Skeid is a Norwegian football club from Oslo that currently plays in 2. divisjon , the third tier of the Norwegian football league system . Its current home field is Nordre Åsen , after the club stopped playing at Bislett after the 2012 season . In past decades it has gained a reputation as a talent factory for the larger clubs in Norwegian football , and it has produced several players for the national team such as Daniel Braaten , Daniel Fredheim Holm , Omar Elabdellaoui and Mohammed Abdellaoue . Other notable players include Paul Miller . Skeid played in 1. divisjon in 2009 after a short stint in the 2. divisjon . They finished champions of the Second Group of 2. divisjon in 2008 . However , Skeid relegated again to 2. divisjon at end of 2009 season in 16th and last position despite a good start . In 2018 , Skeid won 2. divisjon group 1 and was promoted to the 1. divisjon . They played in the Norwegian top flight between 1938-1970 ( Norwegian League did n't play between 1940-1947 due to World War II ) , 1972-1975 ( 4 seasons ) , 1978-1980 ( 3 seasons ) , 1996-1997 ( 2 seasons ) . Their recent season in the top division was in the 1999 Tippeligaen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hungarian_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The Hungarian Open is an annual table tennis tournament held in Hungary by the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It is currently part of the ITTF World Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Banaadir", "text": "Benaadir ( Somali : Banaadir , Arabic : بنادر , Italian : Benadir ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in southeastern Somalia . It covers the same area as the city of Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital . It is bordered to the northwest by the Shabelle river , and to the southeast by the Somali Sea . Although by far the smallest administrative region in Somalia , it has the largest population , estimated at 1,650,227 ( including 369,288 internally displaced persons ) in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AS_Dragons", "text": "Amicale Sportive Dragons is a Congolese football club based in Kinshasa . As of the 2007/2008 season they play in the Linafoot league , the top level of professional football in DR Congo . Their home games are played at Stade 24 Novembre . In the past , the club was also called Amicale Sportive Bilima ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bahrain", "text": "Bahrain ( /bɑːˈreɪn/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : البحرين al-Baḥrayn Arabic pronunciation : [ al baħrajn ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain ( Arabic : مملكة البحرين Mamlakat al-Baḥrayn ) , is a sovereign state in the Persian Gulf . The island nation comprises a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25-kilometre ( 16 mi ) King Fahd Causeway . According to the most recent 2010 census , Bahrain 's population is over 1.2 million , of which around half are non-nationals . At 780 square kilometres ( 300 sq mi ) in size , it is the third-smallest nation in Asia after the Maldives and Singapore . The capital and largest city is Manama . Bahrain is the site of the ancient Dilmun civilization . It has been famed since antiquity for its pearl fisheries , which were considered the best in the world into the 19th century . Bahrain was one of the earliest areas to convert to Islam , in 628 AD . Following a period of Arab rule , Bahrain was occupied by the Portuguese in 1521 , who in turn were expelled in 1602 by Shah Abbas I of the Safavid dynasty under the Persian Empire . In 1783 , the Bani Utbah clan captured Bahrain from Nasr Al-Madhkur and it has since been ruled by the Al Khalifa royal family , with Ahmed al Fateh as Bahrain 's first hakim . In the late 1800s , following successive treaties with the British , Bahrain became a protectorate of the United Kingdom . In 1971 , it declared independence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCME", "text": "KCME ( 88.7 MHz ) is an independent public radio station in Manitou Springs , Colorado , serving the Colorado Springs - Pueblo radio market . It is owned by the Cheyenne Mountain Public Broadcast House , Inc. and it airs a classical music radio format . KCME 's studios and administrative offices are at 1921 N. Weber Street in Colorado Springs . Its main broadcasting tower is on Cheyenne Mountain . KCME may be heard worldwide via Internet streaming on www.kcme.org . KCME also broadcasts in the HD Radio digital format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dr._Mario", "text": "Dr. Mario [ a ] ( stylized as D℞ . Mario ) is a 1990 action puzzle video game produced by Gunpei Yokoi and designed by Takahiro Harada . Nintendo developed and published the game for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles . The game 's soundtrack was composed by Hirokazu Tanaka . In this falling block puzzle game , the player 's objective is to destroy the viruses populating the on-screen playing field by using colored capsules that are tossed into the field by Mario , who assumes the role of a doctor . The player manipulates each capsule as it falls , with the goal being to align similar colors which removes the viruses . The player progresses through the game by eliminating all the viruses on the screen in each level . Dr. Mario received positive reception , appearing on several Best Nintendo Games of All Time lists . The game has been ported , remade , or has had a sequel on every Nintendo home console since the NES as well as most portable consoles , including a re-release in 2004 on the Game Boy Advance as part of the Classic NES Series . Modified versions of Dr. Mario exist as minigames in WarioWare , Inc. : Mega Microgames ! , Brain Age 2 : More Training in Minutes a Day ! , and Brain Age : Concentration Training . A Wii U spin-off game , Dr. Luigi , was released in 2013 as part of the Year of Luigi celebration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whitehouse,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Whitehouse is a civil parish that covers a large new development area on the western flank of Milton Keynes , As the first tier of Local Government , the parish council is responsible for the people , living and working in this area of Milton Keynes . As of January 2019 [ update ] , it is bounded by Calverton Lane ( prospectively , the Monks Way ( H3 ) extension ) to the north , Watling Street ( V4 ) to the east , Dansteed Way ( H4 ) to the south , and a hedgerow line [ c ] with Calverton to the west . The district covers 228 hectares ( 560 acres ) ( including open space ) and is projected to have 4,400 homes and 6.5 hectares ( 16 acres ) of employment land ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nara_National_Museum", "text": "The Nara National Museum ( 奈良国立博物館 , Nara Kokuritsu Hakubutsukan ) is one of the pre-eminent national art museums in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Mets", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Mets are a Rookie-level minor league affiliate of the New York Mets that play in the Gulf Coast League . The team plays at First Data Field in Port St. Lucie , Florida . The franchise entered the league in 1983 playing their home games in Sarasota , Florida at Twin Lakes Park . The team moved their base of operations to St. Lucie when the league expanded to Florida 's east coast . Gulf Coast League team rosters are thirty-five players , and can not have more than twelve players over twenty years old , and no more than four players over 21 . No player can have more than two years of prior service , excluding Rookie leagues outside the United States and Canada . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents from the United States , Canada , Dominican Republic , Venezuela , and other countries . On December 20 , 2011 , it was announced the Mets would eliminate their Rookie level team due to financial reasons . On November 8 , 2012 , the Mets announced the re-establishment of a Gulf Coast League team based in Port St. Lucie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Heidfeld", "text": "Nick Lars Heidfeld ( born 10 May 1977 ) is a German professional racing driver . Despite scoring regular podium finishes in 2005 with Williams , and in 2007 and 2008 with BMW Sauber , Heidfeld never won a race after debuting in Formula One in 2000 . Heidfeld currently holds three Formula One records ; most podium finishes without a Grand Prix win ( 13 ) , most second-place finishes without a win ( 8 ) , and the most consecutive race classifications ( 41 ) . In 2011 , Heidfeld raced in Formula One for the Renault team as a replacement for the injured Robert Kubica , his former BMW Sauber teammate , before being replaced by Bruno Senna . He currently drives for the Rebellion Racing team in the FIA World Endurance Championship and for Mahindra Racing Formula E Team in Formula E ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-32", "text": "STS-32 was the 33rd mission of NASA 's Space Shuttle program , and the ninth launch of Space Shuttle Columbia . Launched on 9 January 1990 , it marked the first use of Launch Pad A at Kennedy Space Center 's Complex 39 since 1986 ; it also marked the first use of Mobile Launcher Platform-3 ( MLP-3 ) in the Space Shuttle program . STS-32 was , at the time , the longest shuttle mission yet conducted , with a duration of nearly 11 days . Before STS-32 , the only mission of the same duration had been STS-9 in 1983 . On 20 January 1990 , STS-32 executed the third night landing of the shuttle program . STS-32 was also the first shuttle launch of the 1990s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rutherglen_Glencairn_F.C.", "text": "Rutherglen Glencairn Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Rutherglen , South Lanarkshire , near Glasgow . Nicknamed The Glens and formed in 1896 , they play at The Celsius Stadium ( New Southcroft Park ) . Glencairn are the current ( 2018-19 ) SJFA West Region Championship title holders . Other recent trophy successes include the Stagecoach Central District League Division One championship in the 2008-09 season and the Stagecoach West Region Super League Division One title in the 2009-10 season . The latter gave the club the right to compete in the West Region Super Premier League for the first time in the 2010-11 season . Willie Patterson and Scott Smith managed the club jointly from October 2005 until they left at the end of the 2010-11 season . The club is currently ( as of January 2020 ) managed by Willie Harvey and assistant manager Joe Pryce and coached by Tony Fraser , Robert Kielty and Stevie Hutchison . It competes in the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jayuya,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Jayuya ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xaˈʝuʝa ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico ( U.S. ) located in the mountainous center region of the island , north of Ponce ; east of Utuado ; and west of Ciales . Jayuya is spread over 10 wards and Jayuya Pueblo ( The downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is the principal city of the Jayuya Micropolitan Statistical Area . Named after the Taino tribal leader , Hayuya , Jayuya is known for its skilled wood carvers . Among its monuments are the statue of Nemesio Canales and the bust of Hayuya , both by the Puerto Rican sculptor Tomás Batista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/EC_Santo_André", "text": "Esporte Clube Santo André , also known as Santo André , is a Brazilian football team from Santo André , São Paulo state . Santo André greatest rival is São Caetano , the other team in ABC region . The club 's mascot name is Ramalhão ( Big Ramalho ) after the bandeirante João Ramalho . João Ramalho founded the city of Santo André in 1553 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dumfries", "text": "Dumfries ( /dʌmˈfriːs/ ( listen ) dum-FREESS ; possibly from Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Phris ) is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland . It is located near the mouth of the River Nith into the Solway Firth . Dumfries is the traditional county town of the historic county of Dumfriesshire . Dumfries is nicknamed Queen of the South . The nickname has also given name to the town 's professional football club . People from Dumfries are known colloquially in Scots language as Doonhamers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacramento_Kings", "text": "The Sacramento Kings are an American professional basketball team based in Sacramento , California . The Kings compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . The Kings are the only team in the major professional North American sports leagues located in Sacramento . The team plays its home games at the Golden 1 Center . Their best seasons to date in the city were in the early 2000s , including the 2001-02 season when they had the best record in the NBA at 61-21 ( a winning percentage of .744 ) . The Sacramento Kings are the latest and current version of one of the oldest continuously operating professional basketball franchises in the nation . They originated in Rochester , New York , as the Rochester Seagrams ( a semi-professional team ) in 1923 , hosting a number of teams there over the next 20 years . They joined the National Basketball League in 1945 as the renamed Rochester Royals , winning that league 's championship in their first season , 1945-46 . They later jumped with three other NBL teams to the Basketball Association of America , forerunner of the NBA , in 1948 . As the Royals , the team was often successful on the court , winning the NBA championship in 1951 . The team , however , found it increasingly difficult to turn a profit in the comparatively small market of Rochester and relocated to Cincinnati in 1957 , becoming the Cincinnati Royals . In 1972 the team relocated again , this time to Kansas City , Missouri , and was renamed the Kansas City-Omaha Kings because it initially split its home games between Kansas City and Omaha , Nebraska ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manchester_City_F.C.", "text": "Manchester City Football Club is an English football club based in Manchester that competes in the Premier League , the top flight of English football . Founded in 1880 as St. Mark 's ( West Gorton ) , it became Ardwick Association Football Club in 1887 and Manchester City in 1894 . The club 's home ground is the City of Manchester Stadium in east Manchester , to which it moved in 2003 , having played at Maine Road since 1923 . Manchester City entered the Football League in 1899 , and won their first major honour with the FA Cup in 1904 . It had its first major period of success in the late 1960s , winning the League , FA Cup and League Cup under the management of Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison . After losing the 1981 FA Cup Final , the club went through a period of decline , which eventually saw them relegated as far down as third tier of English football by the end of the 1997-98 season . They since regained promotion to the top tier in 2001-02 and have remained a fixture in the Premier League since 2002-03 . In 2008 , Manchester City was purchased by Abu Dhabi United Group for £210 million and received considerable financial investment . The club have won six domestic league titles . Under the management of Pep Guardiola they won the Premier League in 2018 becoming the only Premier League team to attain 100 points in a single season . In 2019 , they won four trophies , completing an unprecedented sweep of all domestic trophies in England and becoming the first English men 's team to win the domestic treble . Manchester City 's revenue was the fifth highest of a football club in the world in the 2018-19 season at €568.4 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lemony_Snicket", "text": "Lemony Snicket is the pen name of American novelist Daniel Handler ( born February 28 , 1970 ) . Snicket is the author of several children 's books , also serving as the narrator of A Series of Unfortunate Events ( his best known work ) and a character within it and All the Wrong Questions . Thus , Lemony Snicket may refer to either the fictional character or Handler . As a character , Snicket is a harried , troubled writer and photographer who is falsely accused of various felonies and continuously hunted by the police and his enemies , the fire-starting side of the secret organization VFD ( Volunteer Fire Department ) . As a child , he was kidnapped and inducted as a neophyte into VFD , where he was trained in rhetoric and sent on seemingly pointless missions , while all connections were severed from his former life , apart from his siblings Jacques and Kit ( who were also kidnapped and inducted ) . In the organization , he met and fell in love with a peer named Beatrice , to whom he got engaged . He was falsely accused of murder and arson ; eventually , the fallacies grew so much that The Daily Punctilio reported his death . Beatrice later moved on and married Bertrand Baudelaire , becoming the mother of Violet , Klaus , and Sunny Baudelaire , the protagonists of A Series of Unfortunate Events . Fourteen years thereafter , Beatrice and Bertrand were supposedly murdered in a house fire , leaving the Baudelaire children orphaned and then pursued by Snicket 's former associate , Count Olaf . Snicket feels indebted to his former fiancée and embarks on a quest to chronicle the lives of the Baudelaire children until they become old enough to face the troubles of the world on their own . Snicket is the subject of a fictional autobiography entitled Lemony Snicket : The Unauthorized Autobiography which contains an introduction from a fictionalized version of Daniel Handler . A pamphlet called 13 Shocking Secrets You 'll Wish You Never Knew About Lemony Snicket was released in promotion of The End ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Stiller", "text": "Benjamin Edward Meara Stiller ( born November 30 , 1965 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , producer , musician and director . He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara . After beginning his acting career with a play , Stiller wrote several mockumentaries and was offered his own show , titled The Ben Stiller Show , which he produced and hosted for its 13-episode run . Having previously acted in television , he began acting in films . He made his directorial debut with Reality Bites . Throughout his career he has written , starred in , directed , or produced more than 50 films including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , Zoolander , The Cable Guy , There 's Something About Mary , the Meet the Parents trilogy , DodgeBall , Tropic Thunder , the Madagascar series , and the Night at the Museum trilogy . He has also made numerous cameos in music videos , television shows , and films . Stiller is a member of a group of comedic actors colloquially known as the Frat Pack . His films have grossed more than $ 2.6 billion in Canada and the United States , with an average of $ 79 million per film . Throughout his career , he has received various awards and honors , including an Emmy Award , multiple MTV Movie Awards , a Britannia Award and a Teen Choice Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Toronto", "text": "The University of Toronto ( U of T or UToronto ) is a public research university in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located on the grounds that surround Queen 's Park . It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King 's College , the first institution of higher learning in the colony of Upper Canada . Originally controlled by the Church of England , the university assumed its present name in 1850 upon becoming a secular institution . As a collegiate university , it comprises eleven colleges each with substantial autonomy on financial and institutional affairs and significant differences in character and history . The university also operates two satellite campuses located in Scarborough and Mississauga . Academically , the University of Toronto is noted for influential movements and curricula in literary criticism and communication theory , known collectively as the Toronto School . The university was the birthplace of insulin and stem cell research , and was the site of the first practical electron microscope , the development of deep learning , multi-touch technology , the identification of the first black hole Cygnus X-1 , and the development of the theory of NP-completeness . It receives the most annual scientific research funding of any Canadian university and is one of two members of the Association of American Universities outside the United States , the other being McGill University . The Varsity Blues are the athletic teams that represent the university in intercollegiate league matches , with long and storied ties to gridiron football , rowing and ice hockey . The earliest recorded college football game was played in the University of Toronto 's University College in the early 1860s . The university 's Hart House is an early example of the North American student centre , simultaneously serving cultural , intellectual , and recreational interests within its large Gothic-revival complex . The University of Toronto has educated three Governors General of Canada , four Prime Ministers of Canada , three foreign leaders , and fourteen Justices of the Supreme Court ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Puerto_Rico", "text": "The University of Puerto Rico ( in Spanish , Universidad de Puerto Rico , or UPR ) is the main public university system of Puerto Rico and a government-owned corporation of Puerto Rico . The institution consists of 11 campuses and has approximately 58,000 students and 5,300 faculty members . UPR has the largest and most diverse academic offerings in Puerto Rico , with 472 academic programs of which 32 lead to a doctorate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Igor_Milanović", "text": "Igor Milanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Милановић ; born 18 December 1965 ) is a retired Serbian water polo player who is considered as the best water polo player of all time . Milanović had an illustrious professional career spanning twenty years . He is now a water polo coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Regiment_of_Artillery", "text": "The Regiment of Artillery is an operational arm ( a regiment/corps ) of the Indian Army . Formerly part of Royal Indian Artillery ( RIA ) of British Indian Army which itself traces its origins to the formation of Bombay Artillery in 1827 . It was later involved in extensive service in the First World War , in East Africa , Gallipoli , Mesopotamia and Palestine . Today it is the second-largest arm of the Indian Army , and with its guns , mortars , rocket launchers , unmanned aerial vehicles , surveillance systems , missiles and artillery firepower it constitutes almost one-sixth of its total strength . Its motto is Sarvatra Izzat-o-Iqbal ( Everywhere with Honour and Glory ) , the Hindi-Urdu equivalent of the Royal Artillery motto Ubique Quo Fas Et Gloria Ducunt ( Everywhere That Right And Glory Lead ) , and it shares the same symbol but with the Star of India in place of the Royal Crown . The Hindi-Urdu motto honors the memory of the Hindu and Muslim gunners who fought during the Indian Rebellion of 1857 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Euroleague_Basketball", "text": "Euroleague Basketball is the private company that runs and operates the top two continental men 's professional club basketball competitions in Europe , the first-tier EuroLeague , and the second-tier EuroCup . It has been organizing the EuroLeague competition since the year 2000 , beginning with the 2000-01 season . Since 2002 , it has also organized the EuroLeague Final Four . It also oversees the European national basketball league rankings , and the Euroleague Basketball Next Generation Tournament . It is headquartered in Barcelona ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tomas_Mezera", "text": "Tomas Mezera ( born 5 November 1958 in Czechoslovakia ) is a naturalised Australian racing driver . Mezera won the 1988 Bathurst 1000 , and for many years was a member of the Holden Racing Team as both a driver and team manager . Mezera 's sporting career began as a downhill skier in his native Czechoslovakia , before he emigrated to Australia to be a ski instructor . Mezera retired from racing in 2004 but continues to hold roles in motorsport , most recently as a driving standards advisor to several domestic motor racing championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harris_County,_Texas", "text": "Harris County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas , located in the southeastern part of the state near Galveston Bay . As of the 2010 census , the population was 4,092,459 , making it the most populous county in Texas and the third most populous county in the United States . Its county seat is Houston , the largest city in Texas and fourth largest city in the United States . The county was founded in 1836 and organized in 1837 . It is named for John Richardson Harris , who founded the town of Harrisburg on Buffalo Bayou in 1826 . According to a July 2018 census estimate , Harris County 's population had grown to 4,698,619 , comprising over 16 percent of Texas 's population . Harris County is included in the nine-county Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land metropolitan statistical area , which is the fifth most populous metropolitan area in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Attorney_General", "text": "In most common law jurisdictions , the attorney general or attorney-general ( sometimes abbreviated AG ) is the main legal advisor to the government . The plural is attorneys general or attorney generals . In some jurisdictions , attorneys general also have executive responsibility for law enforcement , prosecutions or even responsibility for legal affairs generally . In practice , the extent to which the attorney general personally provides legal advice to the government varies between jurisdictions , and even between individual office-holders within the same jurisdiction , often depending on the level and nature of the office-holder 's prior legal experience . Where the attorney general has ministerial responsibility for legal affairs in general ( as is the case , for example , with the United States Attorney General or the Attorney-General for Australia , and the respective attorneys general of the states in each country ) , the ministerial portfolio is largely equivalent to that of a Minister of Justice in some other countries . The term was originally used to refer to any person who holds a general power of attorney to represent a principal in all matters . In the common law tradition , anyone who represents the state , especially in criminal prosecutions , is such an attorney . Although a government may designate some official as the permanent attorney general , anyone who came to represent the state in the same way could , in the past , be referred to as such , even if only for a particular case . Today , however , in most jurisdictions , the term is largely reserved as a title of the permanently appointed attorney general of the state , sovereign or other member of the royal family . Civil law jurisdictions have similar offices , which may be variously called public prosecutor general , procurators , advocates general , public attorneys , and other titles . Many of these offices also use attorney general or attorney-general as the English translation of the title , although because of different historical provenance , the nature of such offices is usually different from that of attorneys-general in common law jurisdictions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nancy_Grace", "text": "Nancy Ann Grace ( born October 23 , 1959 ) is an American legal commentator and television journalist . She was the host of Nancy Grace from 2005 to 2016 , which was a nightly celebrity news and current affairs show on HLN , and she was the host of Court TV 's Closing Arguments ( 1996-2007 ) as well . She also co-wrote the book Objection ! : How High-Priced Defense Attorneys , Celebrity Defendants , and a 24/7 Media Have Hijacked Our Criminal Justice System . Grace was also the arbiter of Swift Justice with Nancy Grace in the syndicated courtroom reality show 's first season . Grace was formerly a prosecutor in a local district attorney 's office in Atlanta , Georgia . She frequently discusses issues from what she describes as a victims ' rights standpoint , with an outspoken style that has brought her both praise and criticism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louis_Wigfall", "text": "Louis Trezevant Wigfall ( April 21 , 1816 - February 18 , 1874 ) was an American politician who served as a Confederate States Senator from Texas from 1862 to 1865 . He was among a group of leading secessionists known as Fire-Eaters , advocating the preservation and expansion of an aristocratic agricultural society based on slave labor . He briefly served as a Confederate Brigadier General of the Texas Brigade at the outset of the American Civil War before taking his seat in the Confederate Senate . Wigfall 's reputation for oratory and hard-drinking , along with a combative nature and high-minded sense of personal honor , made him one of the more imposing political figures of his time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft_Windows", "text": "Microsoft Windows , commonly referred to as Windows , is a group of several proprietary graphical operating system families , all of which are developed and marketed by Microsoft . Each family caters to a certain sector of the computing industry . Active Microsoft Windows families include Windows NT and Windows IoT ; these may encompass subfamilies , e.g . Windows Server or Windows Embedded Compact ( Windows CE ) . Defunct Microsoft Windows families include Windows 9x , Windows Mobile and Windows Phone . Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20 , 1985 , as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS in response to the growing interest in graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) . Microsoft Windows came to dominate the world 's personal computer ( PC ) market with over 90% market share , overtaking Mac OS , which had been introduced in 1984 . Apple came to see Windows as an unfair encroachment on their innovation in GUI development as implemented on products such as the Lisa and Macintosh ( eventually settled in court in Microsoft 's favor in 1993 ) . On PCs , Windows is still the most popular operating system . However , in 2014 , Microsoft admitted losing the majority of the overall operating system market to Android , because of the massive growth in sales of Android smartphones . In 2014 , the number of Windows devices sold was less than 25% that of Android devices sold . This comparison , however , may not be fully relevant , as the two operating systems traditionally target different platforms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mallala_Motor_Sport_Park", "text": "Mallala Motor Sport Park is a bitumen motor racing circuit near the town of Mallala in South Australia , 55 km north of the state capital , Adelaide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Text_adventure", "text": "Interactive fiction , often abbreviated IF , is software simulating environments in which players use text commands to control characters and influence the environment . Works in this form can be understood as literary narratives , either in the form of interactive narratives or interactive narrations . These works can also be understood as a form of video game , either in the form of an adventure game or role-playing game . In common usage , the term refers to text adventures , a type of adventure game where the entire interface can be text-only , however , graphical text adventure games , where the text is accompanied by graphics ( still images , animations or video ) still fall under the text adventure category if the main way to interact with the game is by typing text . Some users of the term distinguish between interactive fiction , known as Puzzle-free , that focuses on narrative , and text adventures that focus on puzzles . Due to their text-only nature , they sidestepped the problem of writing for widely divergent graphics architectures . This feature meant that interactive fiction games were easily ported across all the popular platforms at the time , including CP/M ( not known for gaming or strong graphics capabilities ) . The number of interactive fiction works is increasing steadily as new ones are produced by an online community , using freely available development systems . The term can also be used to refer to digital versions of literary works that are not read in a linear fashion , known as gamebooks , where the reader is instead given choices at different points in the text ; these decisions determine the flow and outcome of the story . The most famous example of this form of printed fiction is the Choose Your Own Adventure book series , and the collaborative addventure format has also been described as a form of interactive fiction . The term interactive fiction is sometimes used also to refer to visual novels , a type of interactive narrative software popular in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buenos_Aires", "text": "Buenos Aires ( /ˌbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /-ˈaɪrɪs/ ; Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈbwenos ˈaiɾes ] ) is the capital and largest city of Argentina . The city is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata , on the South American continent 's southeastern coast . Buenos Aires can be translated as fair winds or good airs , but the former was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century , by the use of the original name Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre , named after the Madonna of Bonaria in Sardinia . The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation , which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts , constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas , with a population of around 15.6 million . The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province 's capital ; rather , it is an autonomous district . In 1880 , after decades of political infighting , Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province . The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores ; both are now neighborhoods of the city . The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy , hence its formal name of Autonomous City of Buenos Aires ( Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires ; CABA ) . Its citizens first elected a chief of government ( i.e . mayor ) in 1996 ; previously , the mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic . Buenos Aires ' quality of life was ranked 91st in the world in 2018 , being one of the best in Latin America . In 2012 , it was the most visited city in South America , and the second-most visited city of Latin America ( behind Mexico City ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gorham's_Cave", "text": "Gorham 's Cave ( Spanish : Cueva de Gorham , pronounced [ ɡoɾˈãm ] ) is often mistaken for a natural sea cave , but is in fact a sea level cave , in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar . It is considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals in Europe . It gives its name to the Gorham 's Cave complex , which is a combination of four distinct caves of such importance that they are combined into a UNESCO World Heritage site , the only one in Gibraltar . The three other caves are Vanguard Cave , Hyaena Cave , and Bennett 's Cave . It is located at Governor 's Beach on the southeastern face of the Rock of Gibraltar . When first inhabited some 55,000 years ago , it would have been approximately 5 kilometres from the shore , but , due to changes in sea level , it is now only a few metres from the Mediterranean Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South-West_Africa", "text": "South West Africa ( Afrikaans : Suidwes-Afrika ; German : Südwestafrika ; Dutch : Zuidwest-Afrika ) was the name for modern-day Namibia when it was under South African administration , from 1915 to 1990 . Previously the colony of German South West Africa from 1884-1915 , it was made a League of Nations mandate of the British-ruled Union of South Africa following Germanys losses in World War I . Although the mandate was abolished by the UN in 1966 , South African rule continued despite it being illegal under international law . The territory was administered directly by the South African government from 1915 to 1978 , when the Turnhalle Constitutional Conference laid the groundwork for semi-autonomous rule . During an interim period between 1978 and 1985 , South Africa gradually granted South West Africa a limited form of home rule , culminating in the formation of a Transitional Government of National Unity . In 1990 , South West Africa was granted independence as the Republic of Namibia with the exception of Walvis Bay and the Penguin Islands , which continued to remain under South African rule until 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bath_Township,_Michigan", "text": "Bath Charter Township is a charter township of Clinton County in the U.S. state of Michigan . As of the 2010 census , the township population was 11,598 , an increase from 7,541 in 2000 . It is situated directly north of the city of East Lansing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_Mendoza_Zambrano", "text": "José Adolfo Mendoza Zambrano ( born 24 July 1982 ) is a Peruvian football player currently playing for Comerciantes Unidos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thumbelina_(1994_film)", "text": "Thumbelina ( also known as Hans Christian Andersen 's Thumbelina ) is a 1994 American animated musical fantasy film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman , based on the book of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen and starring the voices of Jodi Benson , Gary Imhoff and John Hurt , with supporting roles from Gino Conforti , Gilbert Gottfried , Carol Channing and Joe Lynch . The film was produced by Don Bluth Ireland Ltd. , and was released to movie theaters by Warner Bros. Pictures under their Warner Bros. Family Entertainment label on March 30 , 1994 , in the United States and July 29 , 1994 , in the United Kingdom . As of March 20 , 2019 , the film rights are now owned by The Walt Disney Company through 20th Century Fox , which had obtained the film rights from Warner Bros. in the early 2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elliot_G._Jaspin", "text": "Elliot G. Jaspin ( born May 27 , 1946 ) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist . Jaspin graduated from Baldwin Senior High School in 1964 and Colby College in 1969 . While writing for the Pottsville , Pennsylvania Republican & Herald , he won the 1979 Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting with Gilbert M. Gaul for stories on the destruction of the Blue Coal Company by men with ties to organized crime . In the same year , Jaspin won a Scripps Howard Foundation Edward J. Meeman Award and an American Bar Association Silver Gavel Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Shahrizan_Ismail", "text": "Mohd Shahrizan bin Ismail ( born 3 November 1979 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kelantan United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria", "text": "Austria ( /ˈɒstriə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɔːs-/ ; German : Österreich [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯ç ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Austria ( German : Republik Österreich , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe . It is composed of nine federated states ( Bundesländer ) , one of which is Vienna , Austria 's capital and its largest city . It is bordered by Germany to the northwest , Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia to the northeast , Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 ( 32,386 sq mi ) and has a population of nearly 9 million people . While German is the country 's official language , many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects . Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy . In the 16th century , Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg - one of the most influential royal dynasties in history . As an archduchy , it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire . Early in the 19th century , Austria established its own empire , which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation but pursued its own course independently of the other German states . Following the Austro-Prussian War and the compromise with Hungary , the Dual Monarchy was established . Austria was involved in World War I under Emperor Franz Joseph following the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand , the presumptive successor to the Austro-Hungarian throne . After the defeat and the dissolution of the Monarchy , the Republic of German-Austria was proclaimed with the intent of the union with Germany , which eventually failed because of the Allied Powers and the state remained unrecognized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CHVN-FM", "text": "CHVN-FM ( 95.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Winnipeg , Manitoba , broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format . The station is currently owned by Golden West Broadcasting . CHVN 's studios are located on St. Mary 's Road in south Winnipeg , while its transmitter is located near Springstein ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chion-in", "text": "Chion-in ( 知恩院 , Chion-in ) in Higashiyama-ku , Kyoto , Japan is the headquarters of the Jōdo-shū ( Pure Land Sect ) founded by Hōnen ( 1133-1212 ) , who proclaimed that sentient beings are reborn in Amida Buddha 's Western Paradise ( Pure Land ) by reciting the nembutsu , Amida Buddha 's name . The vast compounds of Chion-in include the site where Hōnen settled to disseminate his teachings and the site where he died ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Decatur,_Georgia", "text": "Decatur is a city in , and the county seat of , DeKalb County , Georgia , which is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area . With a population of 19,335 in the 2010 census , the municipality is sometimes assumed to be larger since multiple ZIP Codes in unincorporated DeKalb County bear Decatur as the address . The city is served by three MARTA rail stations ( Decatur , East Lake , and Avondale ) . The city is located approximately 5 miles northeast of downtown Atlanta and shares its western border with both the city of Atlanta ( the Kirkwood neighborhood ) and unincorporated DeKalb County . The Druid Hills neighborhood is to the northwest of Decatur . The unofficial motto of Decatur used by some residents is Everything is Greater in Decatur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jagannath", "text": "Jagannath ( lit . 'lord of the universe ' ) is a deity worshipped in regional traditions of Hinduism and Buddhism in India and Bangladesh . Jagannath is considered a form of Vishnu . He is a part of a triad along with his brother Balabhadra and sister Subhadra . To most Vaishnava Hindus , Jagannath is an abstract representation of Krishna ; to some Shaiva and Shakta Hindus , he is a symmetry-filled tantric representation of Bhairava ; to some Buddhists , he is a symbolic representation of the Buddha in the Buddha-Sangha-Dhamma triad ; to some Jains , his name and his festive rituals are derived from Jeenanath of Jainism tradition . The icon of Jagannath is a carved and decorated wooden stump with large round eyes and a symmetric face , and the icon has a conspicuous absence of hands or legs . The worship procedures , sacraments and rituals associated with Jagannath are syncretic , and include rites that are uncommon in Hinduism . Unusually , the icon is made of wood and replaced with a new one at regular intervals . The origin and evolution of Jagannath worship is unclear . Some scholars interpret hymn 10.155.3 of the Rigveda as a possible origin , but others disagree and state that it is a syncretic deity with tribal roots . His name does not appear in the traditional Dashavatara ( ten avatars ) of Vishnu , though in certain Odia literature , Jagannath has been treated as the ninth avatar , as a substitute for or the equivalent of the Shakyamuni Buddha . Jagannath is considered a non-sectarian deity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tōshōdai-ji", "text": "Tōshōdai-ji ( 唐招提寺 ) is a Buddhist temple of the Risshū sect in the city of Nara , in Nara Prefecture , Japan . The Classic Golden Hall , also known as the kondō , has a single story , hipped tiled roof with a seven bay wide facade . It is considered the archetype of classical style . It was founded in 759 by the Tang dynasty Chinese monk Jianzhen during the Nara period . Jianzhen was hired by the newly empowered clans to travel in search of funding from private aristocrats as well . Tōshōdai-ji is one of the places in Nara that UNESCO has designated as World Heritage Site Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara . A reflection written by Yan Wenjing on the hope for friendly Sino-Japanese relations describing the author 's discovery of Lotus flowers imported from China which had been planted around the portrait of Jianzhen in the Tōshōdai-ji is included as one of the oral assessment passages on the Putonghua Proficiency Test ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hellenic_National_Meteorological_Service", "text": "The Hellenic National Meteorological Service ( HNMS ) ( Greek : Εθνική Μετεωρολογική Υπηρεσία ( ΕΜΥ ) ) is a government agency responsible for making weather forecasts and observations for Greece . HNMS was founded in 1931 under the Ministry of Aviation and its mission was to cover all the meteorological and climatological needs of the country . It is based at the former Athens International Airport at Elliniko , and operates under the auspices of the Hellenic Air Force , staffed by both military and civilian personnel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cannock_Chase_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Cannock Chase is a parliamentary constituency in Staffordshire which has been served by Amanda Milling of the Conservative Party since 2015 . [ n 1 ] . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Official_de_Pucallpa", "text": "Estadio Aliardo Soria Pérez is a multi-purpose stadium in Pucallpa , Peru . It is currently used by the football team Tecnológico de Pucallpa . The stadium holds 25,000 people and was built in 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aigars_Kriķis", "text": "Aigars Kriķis ( August 28 , 1954 , Riga - February 15 , 1999 ) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s . He won the gold medal at the men 's doubles ( together with Dainis Bremze ) event at the 1978 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria . Kriķis also won a bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 FIL European Luge Championships in Hammarstrand , Sweden . Kriķis also finished eighth in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck . Born in Riga , Latvia . He started his career at the age of 14 . Kriķis was a triple USSR Champion in Men 's Doubles from 1973 to 1975 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricky_Martin", "text": "Enrique Martín Morales ( Spanish pronunciation : [ enˈɾike maɾˈtin moˈɾales ] ; born December 24 , 1971 ) , better known as Ricky Martin , is a Puerto Rican singer , actor and author who is widely regarded as the King of Latin Pop . He holds dual American and Spanish citizenship , and began his career at age 12 with the all-boy pop group Menudo . After five years with the group , he released several Spanish-language solo albums throughout the 1990s . Since the beginning of his solo career in 1991 , Ricky Martin has sold over 70 million records making him one of the best-selling Latin music artists of all time . He also acted on stage and on TV in Mexico , where he achieved modest stardom . In 1994 , he appeared on the US TV soap opera General Hospital , playing a Puerto Rican singer . He also ranks among the most influential Latin artists of all time . In early 1999 , after releasing several albums in Spanish , Martin performed The Cup of Life at the 41st Annual Grammy Awards show , which became a catalyst in bringing Latin pop to the forefront of the U.S. music scene . Following its success , Martin released Livin ' la Vida Loca , which helped him attain success worldwide . It is generally seen as the song that began the Latin pop explosion of 1999 and made the transition easier for other Spanish-speaking artists to move into the English-speaking market . His first English-language album ( also titled Ricky Martin ) , sold 15 million copies and is his best selling album to date . His other studio albums include : Me Amaras ( 1993 ) , A Medio Vivir ( 1995 ) , Vuelve ( 1998 ) , Sound Loaded ( 2000 ) , Almas del Silencio ( 2003 ) , Life ( 2005 ) , Música + Alma + Sexo ( 2011 ) , A Quien Quiera Escuchar ( 2015 ) , and Movimiento ( 2020 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bramall_Lane", "text": "Bramall Lane is a football stadium in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England . It is the home of Premier League club Sheffield United . As the largest stadium in Sheffield during the 19th century , it hosted most of the city 's most significant matches including the final of the world 's first football tournament , first floodlit match and several matches between the Sheffield and London Football Associations that led to the unification of their respective rules . It was also used by Sheffield Wednesday and Sheffield F.C . for major matches . It has been the home of Sheffield United since the club 's establishment in 1889 . It is the oldest major stadium in the world still to be hosting professional association football matches . The stadium was built on a Sheffield road named after the Bramall family ( who were file and graver manufacturers ) . The Bramalls owned 'The Old White House ' on the corner of Bramall Lane and Cherry Street , and subsequently built the Sheaf House , now a public house that still stands at the top of Bramall Lane . The stadium was originally opened as a cricket ground . It was also used for football games in the 19th century by Sheffield F.C . and Sheffield Wednesday but since 1889 it has been the home of Sheffield United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trinity_Lavra_of_St._Sergius", "text": "The Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius ( Russian : Тро́ице-Се́ргиева Ла́вра ) is the most important Russian monastery and the spiritual centre of the Russian Orthodox Church . The monastery is situated in the town of Sergiyev Posad , about 70 km to the north-east from Moscow by the road leading to Yaroslavl , and currently is home to over 300 monks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long-Haired_Hare", "text": "Long-Haired Hare is a 1949 American animated short film directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese . It was produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures as part of the Looney Tunes series , and was the 60th short to feature Bugs Bunny . In addition to including the homophones hair and hare , the title is also a pun on longhairs , a characterization of classical music lovers . Nicolai Shutorov provides the singing voice of Giovanni Jones ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oldcastle_GAA", "text": "Oldcastle GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the town of Oldcastle , in County Meath , Ireland . The club plays Gaelic Football and competes in Meath GAA competitions . In 1945 and 1998 the team reached the Meath Senior Football Championship final . living in the shadow of neighbouring clubs Castlerahan and St.Brigids Big signings in 2020 to be announced in the next couple of weeks stay tuned for more info . Noble players : 1 . Packie Kevin 2 . Oran OReilly 3 . Cian McPartland 4 . Eoin Gilsenan 5 . Darren Hawdon 6 . Terrence Farrelly 7 . Stephen Lawless 8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adriana_La_Cerva", "text": "Adriana La Cerva is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos , portrayed by Drea de Matteo . She is the long-time girlfriend and , later , fiancée of Tony Soprano 's protégé , Christopher Moltisanti . For her performance , De Matteo won the 2004 Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_baseman", "text": "First base , or 1B , is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner to score a run for that player 's team . A first baseman is the player on the team playing defense who fields the area nearest first base , and is responsible for the majority of plays made at that base . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the first baseman is assigned the number 3 . Also called first sacker or cornerman , the first baseman is ideally a tall player who throws left-handed and possesses good flexibility and quick reflexes . Flexibility is needed because the first baseman receives throws from the other infielders , the catcher and the pitcher after they have fielded ground balls . In order for the runner to be called out , the first baseman must be able to stretch towards the throw and catch it before the runner reaches first base . First base is often referred to as the other hot corner - the hot corner being third base - and therefore , like the third baseman , he must have quick reflexes to field the hardest hit balls down the foul line , mainly by left-handed pull hitters and right-handed hitters hitting to the opposite field . They often are power hitters who have a substantial number of home runs and extra base hits while maintaining a .270 plus batting average . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Iran", "text": "Iran ( Persian : ایران Irān [ ʔiːˈɾɒːn ] ( listen ) ) , also called Persia , and officially the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Persian : جمهوری اسلامی ایران Jomhuri-ye Eslāmi-ye Irān ( listen ) [ dʒomhuːˌɾije eslɒːˌmije ʔiːˈɾɒn ] ) , is a country in Western Asia . With 82 million inhabitants , Iran is the world 's 18th most populous country . Its territory spans 1,648,195 km2 ( 636,372 sq mi ) , making it the second largest country in the Middle East and the 17th largest in the world . Iran is bordered to the northwest by Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan , [ a ] to the north by the Caspian Sea , to the northeast by Turkmenistan , to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan , to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman , and to the west by Turkey and Iraq . Its central location in Eurasia and Western Asia , and its proximity to the Strait of Hormuz , give it geostrategic importance . Tehran is the political and economic center of Iran , and the largest and most populous city in Western Asia with more than 8.8 million residents in the city and 15 million in the larger metropolitan area . Iran is home to one of the world 's oldest civilizations , beginning with the formation of the Elamite kingdoms in the fourth millennium BCE . It was first unified by the Iranian Medes in the seventh century BCE , and reached its territorial height in the sixth century BCE under Cyrus the Great , whose Achaemenid Empire stretched from Eastern Europe to the Indus Valley , one of the largest empires in history . The empire fell to Alexander the Great in the fourth century BCE and was divided into several Hellenistic states . An Iranian rebellion established the Parthian Empire in the third century BCE , which was succeeded in the third century CE by the Sasanian Empire , a leading world power for the next four centuries . Arab Muslims conquered the empire in the seventh century CE , and the subsequent Islamization of Iran led to the decline of the once dominant Zoroastrian religion . Iran 's major contributions to art , philosophy , and science spread throughout the Muslim world and beyond during the Islamic Golden Age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J'ai_demandé_à_la_lune", "text": "J'ai demandé à la lune ( I asked the moon in English ) is the most popular song from the 2002 album Paradize which allowed Indochine to reconnect with the media that had abandoned the band a decade earlier . Indochine had gone through a vast amount of criticism before the release of the song . The song was a staple of the bands success and set the precedent for what French musicians can do . Written by Mickaël Furnon , the singer of Mickey 3D , the song was released as the second single from this album on March 2002 , and quickly became a national success , selling over a million units . The album similarly achieved commercial success a few months later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_Iglesias", "text": "Walter Matías Iglesias ( ; born April 18 , 1985 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Asteras Tripolis in the Superleague Greece , as a Defensive Midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Craziest_Thing", "text": "The Craziest Thing is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Rick Tippe . It was released in 1996 as the first single from his second studio album , Get Hot or Go Home . It peaked at number 9 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in January 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CDDL", "text": "The Common Development and Distribution License ( CDDL ) is a free and open-source software license , produced by Sun Microsystems , based on the Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) . Files licensed under the CDDL can be combined with files licensed under other licenses , whether open source or proprietary . In 2005 the Open Source Initiative approved the license . The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) considers it a free software license , but one which is incompatible with the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eagles_(band)", "text": "The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 . The founding members were Glenn Frey ( guitars , vocals ) , Don Henley ( drums , vocals ) , Bernie Leadon ( guitars , vocals ) and Randy Meisner ( bass guitar , vocals ) . With five number-one singles , six number-one albums , six Grammy Awards , and five American Music Awards , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s . Their albums Their Greatest Hits ( 1971-1975 ) and Hotel California rank first and third , respectively , among the best-selling albums in the United States , with 38 million and 26 million album units in sales . The Eagles are one of the world 's best-selling bands , having sold more than 200 million records , including 100 million albums sold in U.S alone . They were ranked number 75 on Rolling Stone 's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time . Their debut album , Eagles ( 1972 ) , spawned three top 40 singles : Take It Easy , Witchy Woman , and Peaceful Easy Feeling . Desperado ( 1973 ) was less successful , only reaching number 41 on the charts ; neither of its singles reached the top 40 . However , its songs Desperado and Tequila Sunrise became two of the band 's most popular tracks . On the Border ( 1974 ) added guitarist Don Felder and produced two top 40 singles : Already Gone and the Eagles ' first number one , Best of My Love . Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : One of These Nights , Lyin ' Eyes , and Take It to the Limit , the first hitting the top of the charts . Guitarist and vocalist Joe Walsh also joined the band in 1975 , replacing Leadon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chile", "text": "Chile ( /ˈtʃɪli/ ( listen ) , /ˈtʃɪleɪ/ ; Spanish : [ ˈtʃile ] ) , [ nb 2 ] officially the Republic of Chile ( Spanish : República de Chile ( help·info ) ) , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres ( 480,000 sq mi ) of Antarctica under the Chilean Antarctic Territory . [ nb 3 ] , The arid Atacama Desert in northern Chile contains great mineral wealth , principally copper and lithium . The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources , and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions . Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands , and features a string of volcanoes and lakes . The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords , inlets , canals , twisting peninsulas , and islands . Spain conquered and colonized the region in the mid-16th century , replacing Inca rule in the north and centre , but failing to conquer the independent Mapuche who inhabited what is now south-central Chile . After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818 , Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic . In the 19th century , Chile saw significant economic and territorial growth , ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific ( 1879-83 ) after defeating Peru and Bolivia . In the 1960s and 1970s , the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Triplemanía_XX", "text": "Triplemanía XX was a professional wrestling event scripted and produced by the AAA promotion , which took place on August 5 , 2012 , at Arena Ciudad de México in Mexico City , Mexico . The event was the twentieth annual Triplemanía , which is AAA 's biggest show of the year , and marked AAA 's debut in the new Arena Ciudad de México . The event was headlined by a match between Dr. Wagner Jr. and Máscara Año 2000 Jr. , where the loser was forced to unmask himself . In the semi-main event , El Mesías defended the AAA Mega Championship against the 2012 Rey de Reyes , El Hijo del Perro Aguayo . The event also featured Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) performer Kurt Angle 's AAA debut and an induction into the AAA Hall of Fame . This event marked the first time in four years that a Triplemanía was not broadcast live on pay-per-view . Instead , the event would be broadcast in three parts on AAA 's official website , starting August 19 . The event was attended by 21,000 people , the largest crowd for a professional wrestling event in Mexico in almost five years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._612_Squadron_RAF", "text": "No . 612 Squadron RAF was originally formed in 1937 as an Army Co-operation unit , and flew during the Second World War in the General Reconnaissance role . After the war the squadron was reformed and flew in the Day Fighter role until disbanded in 1957 . At present the squadron has a non-flying role as a RAF Medical Reserves unit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Cebu_–_Lapu-Lapu_&_Mandaue_Campus", "text": "The University of Cebu ( UC ) ( Cebuano : Unibersidad sa Sugbo ; Filipino : Pamantasan ng Cebu ) is an educational institution in Cebu City , Philippines founded in 1964 offering preschool , grade school , junior & senior high school , undergraduate degrees , and post-graduate degrees . It currently has four campuses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Electroshock_(wrestler)", "text": "Edgar Luna Pozos ( born April 22 , 1970 ) is a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Electroshock , which he has used while working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) since 1997 . Pozos is married to luchadora Lady Apache and is the brother of Luchador Charly Manson . As Electroshock Pozos has been a member of the groups Los Vipers , La Legión Extranjera and Los Wagnermaniacos . He is the winner of the 2009 Rey de Reyes ( King of Kings ) tournament and a one-time AAA Mega Champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montevallo,_Alabama", "text": "Montevallo is a city in Shelby County , Alabama , United States . A college town , it is the home of the University of Montevallo , a public liberal arts university with approximately 3,000 students . As of the 2010 census , the population of the city of Montevallo is 6,323 . Dr. Hollie Campbell Cost , a professor in the College of Education at the University of Montevallo , serves as Mayor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Boy_Who_Could_Fly", "text": "The Boy Who Could Fly is a 1986 American fantasy comedy-drama film written and directed by Nick Castle . It was produced by Lorimar Productions for 20th Century Fox , and released theatrically on August 15 , 1986 . The film stars Lucy Deakins as 14-year-old Milly Michaelson , Jay Underwood as Eric Gibb , a boy with autism , Bonnie Bedelia as Milly 's mother , Fred Savage as Milly 's little brother , Colleen Dewhurst as a teacher , Fred Gwynne as Eric 's uncle , Janet MacLachlan , and Mindy Cohn . After the suicide of her terminally ill father , Milly becomes friends with Eric , who lost both of his parents to a plane crash . Together , Eric and Milly find ways to cope with the loss and the pain as they escape to faraway places ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minions_(film)", "text": "Minions is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off prequel to the Despicable Me franchise . Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy . The film stars the voices of Coffin ( as the Minions , including : Kevin , Stuart , and Bob ) , Sandra Bullock , Jon Hamm , Michael Keaton , Allison Janney , Steve Coogan , and Jennifer Saunders , with the narration provided by Geoffrey Rush . It was first foreshadowed in the end credits of Despicable Me 2 ( 2013 ) , where Kevin , Stuart , and Bob , three of the Minions and the film 's main characters , are seen auditioning for the film . Minions had its premiere on June 11 , 2015 , in Leicester Square , London , and went into general release in the United States on July 10 , 2015 . Critical response was mixed : some critics praised the comedic aspects of the film and the vocal performances of Bullock and Hamm , while also saying they felt that the title characters were not able to carry the film on their own , and that the villains were flatly characterized . The film has grossed over $ 1.1 billion worldwide ( outgrossing each of the Despicable Me films ) , making it the fifth-highest-grossing film of 2015 , the 21st highest-grossing film of all time , the fifth highest-grossing animated film ( behind the 2019 version of The Lion King , Frozen II , Frozen , and Incredibles 2 ) and the highest-grossing non-Disney animated film . A sequel , Minions : The Rise of Gru will be released on July 3 , 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Joseph_Co-Cathedral_(Thibodaux,_Louisiana)", "text": "St. Joseph Co-Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Thibodaux , Louisiana , United States . Along with the Cathedral of St. Francis de Sales in Houma it is the seat of the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux . It is also the oldest parish in the diocese . The church building and rectory were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Saint Joseph 's Co-Cathedral and Rectory on March 5 , 1986 as part of the Thibodaux Multiple Resource Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor", "text": "Reverse-transcriptase inhibitors ( RTIs ) are a class of antiretroviral drugs used to treat HIV infection or AIDS , and in some cases hepatitis B. RTIs inhibit activity of reverse transcriptase , a viral DNA polymerase that is required for replication of HIV and other retroviruses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Wars:_The_Clone_Wars_(2008_TV_series)", "text": "Star Wars : The Clone Wars is an American computer-animated television series created by George Lucas and produced by Lucasfilm Animation , Lucasfilm and CGCG Inc . The series began with a theatrical feature film that was released on August 15 , 2008 , and debuted on Cartoon Network two months later on October 3 , 2008 . It is set in the fictional Star Wars galaxy during the three years between the prequel films Episode II : Attack of the Clones and Episode III : Revenge of the Sith , the same time period as the previous 2D 2003 TV series Star Wars : Clone Wars . Each episode has a running time of 22 minutes to fill a half-hour time slot . Dave Filoni is the supervising director of the series . The Clone Wars was a massive ratings success , becoming one of Cartoon Network 's highest rated shows during its initial run . Throughout its run , the series received mostly positive reception from critics , receiving praise for its writing , action , characters , visuals , voice acting , music , scale , tone , and perceived improvements of characters and storylines from the Star Wars prequel trilogy . The series has also garnered a massive fan following , with many considering it to be one the greatest Star Wars projects ever made . The show has also been nominated for many industry awards , including the Daytime Emmy Awards and the Annie Awards . In early 2013 , Lucasfilm announced that The Clone Wars would be winding down . Super RTL , a German TV network , began airing the episodes on February 15 , 2014 . 13 episodes comprising a new sixth season were made available in the U.S. for streaming on Netflix , along with the entirety of the series , beginning March 7 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pran_Nath_Thapar", "text": "General Pran Nath Thapar ( 23 May 1906 - 23 June 1975 ) was the fourth Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dickerson_Generating_Station", "text": "The Dickerson Generating Station is an 853 MW electric generating plant owned by NRG Energy , located approximately two miles west of Dickerson , Maryland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andorra", "text": "Andorra ( /ænˈdɔːrə/ ( listen ) , also UK : /ænˈdɒrə/ ; Catalan : [ ənˈdorə ] ) , officially the Principality of Andorra ( Catalan : Principat d'Andorra ) , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra ( Catalan : Principat de les Valls d'Andorra ) , is a sovereign landlocked microstate on the Iberian Peninsula , in the eastern Pyrenees , bordered by France to the north and Spain to the south . Believed to have been created by Charlemagne , Andorra was ruled by the count of Urgell until 988 , when it was transferred to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Urgell . The present principality was formed by a charter in 1278 . It is known as a principality as it is a diarchy headed by two princes : the Catholic bishop of Urgell in Catalonia , Spain , and the president of the French Republic . Andorra is the sixth-smallest nation in Europe , having an area of 468 square kilometres ( 181 sq mi ) and a population of approximately 77,006 . The Andorran people are a Romance ethnic group of originally Catalan descent . Andorra is the 16th-smallest country in the world by land and the 11th-smallest by population . Its capital , Andorra la Vella , is the highest capital city in Europe , at an elevation of 1,023 metres ( 3,356 feet ) above sea level . The official language is Catalan , but Spanish , Portuguese , and French are also commonly spoken . Tourism in Andorra sees an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually . Andorra is not a member of the European Union , but the euro is its official currency . It has been a member of the United Nations since 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Foot_(unit_of_length)", "text": "The foot ( pl . feet ; abbreviation : ft ; symbol : ′ , the prime symbol ) is a unit of length in the imperial and US customary systems of measurement . Since the International Yard and Pound Agreement of 1959 , one foot is defined as 0.3048 meter exactly . In customary and imperial units , the foot comprises 12 inches and three feet compose a yard . Historically the foot was a part of many local systems of units , including the Greek , Roman , Chinese , French , and English systems . It varied in length from country to country , from city to city , and sometimes from trade to trade . Its length was usually between 250 mm and 335 mm and was generally , but not always , subdivided into 12 inches or 16 digits . The United States is the only industrialized nation that uses the international foot and the survey foot ( a customary unit of length ) in preference to the meter in its commercial , engineering , and standards activities . The foot is legally recognized in the United Kingdom ; road signs must use imperial units ( however , distances on road signs are always marked in miles or yards , not feet ) , while its usage is widespread among the British public as a measurement of height . The foot is recognized as an alternative expression of length in Canada officially defined as a unit derived from the meter although both the U.K. and Canada have partially metricated their units of measurement . The measurement of altitude in international aviation is one of the few areas where the foot is used outside the English-speaking world . The length of the international foot corresponds to a human foot with shoe size of 13 ( UK ) , 14 ( US male ) , 15.5 ( US female ) or 47 ( EU sizing ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gough_and_Inaccessible_Islands", "text": "Gough and Inaccessible Islands is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the archipelago of Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic Ocean . It consists of Gough Island ( 40°19′S 9°56′W / 40.32°S 9.94°W / -40.32 ; -9.94 ) and Inaccessible Island . ( 37°18′S 12°41′W / 37.30°S 12.68°W / -37.30 ; -12.68 ) The islands are uninhabited apart from the personnel of a weather station . They are Important Bird Areas and Alliance for Zero Extinction sites . The spectacled petrel is believed to nest only on Inaccessible Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nigeria_national_football_team", "text": "The Nigeria national football team represents Nigeria in men 's international football nicknamed as the Super Eagles and it 's governed by the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) . They are three-time Africa Cup of Nations winners , with their most recent title in 2013 , after defeating Burkina Faso in the final . The Super Eagles are considered the greatest African football team of all time due to their numerous achievements and records , The team has qualified for six FIFA World Cups missed out in 2006 and The team represents FIFA and Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) . In April 1994 , the Super Eagles were ranked 5th in the FIFA rankings , the highest FIFA ranking position ever achieved by an African football team . Throughout history , the team has qualified for six of the last seven FIFA World Cups ( as of 2018 ) , missing only the 2006 edition and have reached the round of 16 three times . Their first World Cup appearance was the 1994 edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flint_Hill,_Rappahannock_County,_Virginia", "text": "Flint Hill is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Rappahannock County , Virginia , United States . The population as of the 2010 Census was 209 . It is located on Route 522 , approximately 2 miles to the east of the border of the Shenandoah National Park . Most of the village , including a two-mile stretch of Route 522 between Wilson Branch Creek and Ben Venue Road and portions of several side streets , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 as the Flint Hill Historic District . The Caledonia Farm and the Flint Hill Baptist Church are also separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winston_Crite", "text": "Winston Arnel Crite ( born June 20 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who currently trains young players . After a very successful career at Texas A & M University , Crite was selected with 53rd overall ( 7th in third round ) pick in the 1987 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns and spent two following seasons in the NBA playing for Suns . Afterwards he played professionally in Europe . At 6 ' 7 ( 2.00 m ) and 233 lb ( 106 kg ) , he played power forward ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_Long_(c._1594–1637)", "text": "Sir Walter Long ( c. 1594 - July 1637 ) was an English landowner and Member of Parliament . He was born in Wiltshire , the son of Sir Walter Long ( 1565-1610 ) and his wife Catherine Thynne of Longleat . He succeeded to his father 's estates , including Draycot , in 1610 and was knighted in 1625 . He served as a Justice of the Peace for Wiltshire from 1623 until his death . He replaced Sir James Ley as MP for Westbury in 1621 when Ley was appointed to a post in the House of Lords . He was re-elected for the same seat in 1625 and 1626 . He married firstly in 1614 , Anne Ley , daughter of James Ley , 1st Earl of Marlborough and his first wife Mary Pettie . There was one son from this marriage , his heir , Sir James Long , 2nd Baronet . According to historian John Aubrey , Long 's father-in-law spent so much time at Draycot House with his daughter and her husband , that he had a gateway erected there with his own Coat of arms on it , but afterwards there was a quarrell , which probably arose from some family disapproval of the Earl 's marriage with a third young wife , Jane Boteler . The rift seems to have continued till the end of the Earl 's life - in his will he 'begged pardon of the Lady Anne ' . Long married secondly , Elizabeth Master c. 1636 , and they had one son , Walter ( d. 1673 ) . Sir Walter Long died in July 1637 , and his widow died in 1658 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zeli_Ismail", "text": "Zeli Ismail ( born 12 December 1993 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for League Two side Bradford City . He has represented England at both under-16 and under-17 level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gina_Guidi", "text": "Gina Boom Boom Guidi ( born May 19 , 1962 ) is a California native and resident of San Francisco , California , a professional female boxer , and a three-time champion of the world . Guidi began boxing with her brothers at the local police athletic league as a teen , and has been boxing for more than 25 years . With an undefeated amateur record of 12-0 with nine knock outs ( KOs ) , she went professional in 1994 . Guidi regularly donates time and money to non-profit organizations , including domestic abuse prevention and AIDS research programs . Guidi is lesbian and has publicly supported various gay causes , The Advocate ( LGBT magazine ) noted her as one of the few visible out lesbian boxers in 2003 . Her professional record is 16-1-1 with six of her wins being by KO . Her only loss was to Mary Ann Almager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mons_Gruithuisen_Gamma", "text": "Mons Gruithuisen Gamma ( γ ) is a lunar dome that lies to the north of the crater Gruithuisen at the western edge of the Mare Imbrium . It is located at selenographic coordinates 36.6° N , 40.5° W. This massif is shaped as a rounded dome in the surface , occupying a diameter of 20 km and climbing gently to a height of 900 meters . At the crest is a small crater . This formation appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth , and it has been described by Antonin Rukl as resembling an upturned bathtub . To the east lies the similar Mons Gruithuisen Delta ( δ ) . Together they are often informally called the Gruithuisen domes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arthur_Horner_(politician)", "text": "Arthur Lewis Horner ( 5 April 1894 - 4 September 1968 ) was a Welsh trade union leader and communist politician . During his periods of office as President of the South Wales Miners Federation ( SWMF ) from 1936 , and as General Secretary of the National Union of Mineworkers ( NUM ) from 1946 , he became one of the most prominent and influential communists in British public life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asmik_Ace_Entertainment", "text": "Asmik Ace , Inc. ( Japanese : アスミック・エース株式会社 , Hepburn : Asumikku ēsu kabushikigaisha ) , formerly Asmik Ace Entertainment , Inc. ( アスミック・エース エンタテインメント株式会社 , Asumikku ēsu entateinmento Kabushiki gaisha ) is a Japanese film production and distribution company . In past , the company has distributed video games . It was formed in 1997 through a merger between the Asmik Corporation and Ace Entertainment , both of Japan . The name Asmik comes from its three founding companies : Ask ( formerly ASK-Kodansha ) , Sumitomo and Kodansha . The company is headquartered on the third floor of the Lapiross Roppongi building in Minato , Tokyo , and is a wholly owned division of Jupiter Telecommunications ( J : COM ) . Asmik Corporation was founded in 1985 as a subsidiary to the Sumitomo Corporation of Japan . Its focus was in the area of video games for the video game console market , specifically the NES . It quickly moved on to distribute motion pictures in Japan , and won several awards for doing so . It once had a North American subsidiary , Asmik Corporation of America . [ citation needed ] Ace Pictures Inc. was founded in 1981 as a division of Nippon Herald Films to produce Japanese films and distribute foreign art films . Several of its pictures earned awards and hold positions as some of the highest-grossing films in Japan . Asmik Ace Entertainment has produced games for the Dreamcast , PlayStation , PlayStation 2 , PC Engine , Sega Mega Drive/Genesis , Super NES , Nintendo 64 and Nintendo GameCube , and distributes high quality films for the Japanese movie market ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gyeongju_Civic_Stadium", "text": "Gyeongju Civic Stadium ( Korean : 경주시민운동장 ) is a multi-use stadium in Gyeongju , South Korea . It is used mostly for football matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hélie_de_Talleyrand-Périgord,_Bishop_of_Auxerre", "text": "Hélie de Talleyrand-Périgord ( 1301-17 January , 1364 ) was a French Cardinal , from one of the most aristocratic families in Périgord , south-west France . Hélie was born at Périgueux , third son of Elias VII , Count of Périgord , and Brunissende of Foix , daughter of Roger Bernard III , comte de Foix . His elder brothers were Archambaud ( IV ) , who inherited the County , and Roger-Bernard ( who married Eleanor , daughter of Bouchard , Comte de Vendôme ) ; his younger brother was Fortanier , and his sisters were Agnes ( who married John of Sicily Duke of Durazzo and de Gravina in 1321 ) , Jeanne ( who married Ponce , Seigneur de Castillon ) , Marguerite ( who married Éméric de Lautrec ) , and Rosemburge ( who married Jacques de Lavie , grand-nephew of Pope John XXII ) . As a third son Hélie was destined for an ecclesiastical career . His brother , Roger Bernard , too , had an ecclesiastical career , becoming Canon of Lyon . But then , the eldest son died , and Roger-Bernard became the Count of Périgord . Hélie became a major figure in the Avignon papacy , and also a diplomat engaged in the negotiations of the Hundred Years ' War , having friendships in both English and French royal families . In his last months he had been appointed Papal Legate for a crusade against the Turks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_St_Martin,_Fivehead", "text": "The Anglican Church of St Martin in Fivehead , Somerset , England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building . The church built of Hamstone includes a three-bay nave , chancel , south aisle and porch , and a west tower . The three-stage tower dates from around 1505 . It is supported by diagonal buttresses and embellished with corner pinnacles and gargoyles . There are six bells the oldest of which was cast around 1500 . Within the church is a palimpsest depicting Jane Seymour . There was a gallery at the back of the nave , however this was removed along with the box pews during Victorian restoration . The Norman font has a cylindrical stem and bowl , which has an intricately decorated rim . Outside the church next to the village green is the War Memorial The parish is within the benefice of Curry Rivel with Fivehead and Swell which is part of the Diocese of Bath and Wells ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huang_Xu", "text": "Huang Xu ( simplified Chinese : 黄旭 ; traditional Chinese : 黃旭 ; pinyin : Huáng Xù ; born February 4 , 1979 ) is a Chinese artistic gymnast . He specializes on the pommel horse and the parallel bars and is also strong on still rings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Yankey", "text": "David Famiyekyi Yankey ( born January 18 , 1992 ) is an American football offensive guard who is currently a free agent . He played college football at Stanford , where he was a two-time consensus All-American . He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the fifth round , 145th overall of the 2014 NFL Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rossiya_2", "text": "Russia-2 ( Russian : Россия-2 ) was a Russian television channel operated by VGTRK . It primarily broadcasts sports . Between 2007 and 2009 during the daytime , it broadcast the children 's channel called Bibigon . Before January 1 , 2010 , it was known as Sport , but since then it was re-branded due to broadened format . On 1 November 2015m the channel was closed and its broadcasting frequency was taken by a new sports television channel Match TV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pahang", "text": "Pahang ( Malay pronunciation : [ paˈhaŋ ] ; Jawi : ڤهڠ ) , officially Pahang Darul Makmur with the Arabic honorific Darul Makmur ( Jawi : دار المعمور , The Abode of Tranquility ) is a sultanate and a federal state of Malaysia . It is the third largest Malaysian state by area and ninth largest by population . The state occupies the basin of the Pahang River , and a stretch of the east coast as far south as Endau . Geographically located in the East Coast region of the Peninsular Malaysia , the state shares borders with the Malaysian states of Kelantan and Terengganu to the north , Perak , Selangor and Negeri Sembilan to the west , Johor to the south , while South China Sea is to the east . The Titiwangsa mountain range that forms a natural divider between the Peninsula 's east and west coasts is spread along the north and south of the state , peaking at Mount Tahan , which is 2,187m high . Although two thirds of the state is covered by dense rain forest , its central plains are intersected by numerous rivers , and along the coast there is a 32-kilometre wide expanse of alluvial soil that includes the deltas and estuarine plains of the Kuantan , Pahang , Rompin , Endau , and Mersing rivers . The state is divided into 11 administrative divisions called daerah ( districts ) - Pekan , Rompin , Maran , Temerloh , Jerantut , Bentong , Raub , Lipis , Cameron Highlands and Bera . The largest district is Jerantut , which is the main gateway to the Taman Negara national park . Pahang 's capital and largest city , Kuantan , is the eighth largest urban agglomerations by population in Malaysia . The royal capital and the official seat of the Sultan of Pahang is located at Pekan . Pekan was also the old state capital which its name translates literally into 'the town ' , it was known historically as 'Inderapura ' . Other major towns include Temerloh , Bentong and its hills resorts of Genting Highlands and Bukit Tinggi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Caddy", "text": "The Caddy is a 1953 American semi-musical-comedy-sports film starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis . It is noteworthy for Dean Martin introducing the hit song That 's Amore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Life_Is_Fine", "text": "Life Is Fine is the 23rd studio album by Australian musician Paul Kelly , released on 11 August 2017 . The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart with sales of 6,198 units . It is Kelly 's first number-one album in Australia . At the ARIA Music Awards of 2017 , the album was nominated for seven awards , winning 4 ; Best Male Artist , Best Adult Contemporary Album , Engineer of the Year and Best Cover Art ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kunsthallen_Nikolaj", "text": "The Nikolaj Contemporary Art Center ( Danish : Nikolaj Kunsthal , formerly ( from 2006 - 2010 ) Kunsthallen Nikolaj and ( until 2006 ) Nikolaj Udstillingsbygning ) is an arts centre in Copenhagen which occupies the former St. Nicholas Church ( Danish : Sankt Nikolaj Kirke ) , one of the city 's most conspicuous landmarks . It is situated on Højbro Plads a few steps away from Amagertorv and Strøget . The church building is famous for its fanciful Neo-Baroque 90 m ( 300 ft ) long spire . The tower offers some of the best views of the city centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Peter's_Church,_Copenhagen", "text": "St. Peter 's Church ( Danish : St. Petri Kirke , German : St.-Petri-Kirche ) is the parish church of the German-speaking community in Copenhagen , Denmark . It is situated at the corner of Nørregade and Sankt Peders Stræde in the city 's Latin Quarter . Built as a single-nave church in the mid-15th century , it is the oldest building in central Copenhagen . It is also notable for its extensive complex of sepulchral chapels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Springville,_Utah", "text": "Springville is a city in Utah County , Utah , United States that is part of the Provo-Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 29,466 in 2010 , according to the United States Census . Springville is a bedroom community for commuters who work in the Provo-Orem and Salt Lake City metropolitan areas . Other neighboring cities include Spanish Fork and Mapleton . Springville has the nickname of Art City or Hobble Creek ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Associação_Portuguesa_de_Desportos", "text": "Associação Portuguesa de Desportos , usually called Portuguesa or Lusa , is a sports club , and a Brazilian football team from São Paulo in São Paulo state , founded on August 14 , 1920 by the Portuguese population of the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicaragua", "text": "Nicaragua ( /ˌnɪkəˈrɑːɡwə , -ˈræɡ- , -ɡjuə/ ( listen ) ; Spanish : [ nikaˈɾaɣwa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Nicaragua ( Spanish : República de Nicaragua ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in the Central American isthmus , bordered by Honduras to the northwest , the Caribbean to the east , Costa Rica to the south , and the Pacific Ocean to the southwest . Managua is the country 's capital and largest city and is also the third-largest city in Central America , behind Tegucigalpa and Guatemala City . The multi-ethnic population of six million includes people of indigenous , European , African , and Asian heritage . The main language is Spanish . Indigenous tribes on the Mosquito Coast speak their own languages and English . Originally inhabited by various indigenous cultures since ancient times , the region was conquered by the Spanish Empire in the 16th century . Nicaragua gained independence from Spain in 1821 . The Mosquito Coast followed a different historical path , being colonized by the English in the 17th century and later coming under British rule . It became an autonomous territory of Nicaragua in 1860 and its northernmost part was transferred to Honduras in 1960 . Since its independence , Nicaragua has undergone periods of political unrest , dictatorship , occupation and fiscal crisis , including the Nicaraguan Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s and the Contra War of the 1980s . The mixture of cultural traditions has generated substantial diversity in folklore , cuisine , music , and literature , particularly the latter , given the literary contributions of Nicaraguan poets and writers such as Rubén Darío . Known as the land of lakes and volcanoes , Nicaragua is also home to the second-largest rainforest of the Americas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Cumnock", "text": "New Cumnock is a town in East Ayrshire , Scotland . It expanded during the coal-mining era from the late 18th century , and mining remained its key industry until its pits were shut in the 1960s . The town is 5.7 miles ( 9.2 km ) south-east of Cumnock , and 21 miles ( 34 km ) east of Ayr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lee_J._Cobb", "text": "Lee J. Cobb ( born Leo Jacoby ; December 8 , 1911 - February 11 , 1976 ) was an American actor . He is best known for his performances in On the Waterfront ( 1954 ) , 12 Angry Men ( 1957 ) , and The Exorcist ( 1973 ) . He also played the role of Willy Loman in the original Broadway production of Arthur Miller 's 1949 play Death of a Salesman under the direction of Elia Kazan . On television , Cobb starred in the first four seasons of the Western series The Virginian . He typically played arrogant , intimidating and abrasive characters , but often had roles as respectable figures such as judges and police officers . He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor , for The Brothers Karamazov ( 1958 ) and On the Waterfront ( 1954 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turman_Township,_Sullivan_County,_Indiana", "text": "Turman Township is one of nine townships in Sullivan County , Indiana , United States . As of the 2010 census , its population was 1,061 and it contained 439 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Kansas_City", "text": "FC Kansas City was an American professional women 's soccer club based in Kansas City , Missouri . The team was one of the eight founding clubs of the National Women 's Soccer League in 2012 , and began play in 2013 . They were two-time NWSL champions , having won titles in 2014 and 2015 . After the 2017 season , the NWSL re-acquired owner Elam Baer 's membership interest and subsequently ceased the team 's operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Janet_Keeping", "text": "Janet Keeping was the Leader of the Green Party of Alberta , serving in this capacity from September 2012 to November 2017 . Keeping was born in Montreal and has lived in Calgary since 1973 . She attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , earning a B.S . in architecture in 1971 , and then studied environmental design . Keeping moved from Boston to Calgary in 1973 and earned a master 's degree in philosophy prior to being admitted to the law school at the University of Calgary , where she graduated with a first law degree in 1981 . Keeping co-founded the Alberta Civil Liberties Research Centre where she was its first Executive Director and was , from 1984 to 2006 , a Research Fellow at the Canadian Institute of Resources Law ( CIRL ) , housed at The Faculty of Law , University of Calgary . While at CIRL Janet Keeping was Director of Russian Programs and led several studies funded by the Canadian International Development Agency in which she visited Russia and collaborated with Russian lawyers and scholars . Additionally , she was President of the Sheldon Chumir Foundation for Ethics in Leadership at the Centre for Constitutional Studies from 2006 to 2012 . Janet Keeping has lectured at The Faculty of Law , University of Calgary and was named honorary professor at the Faculty of Law , Tyumen State University during her time there as CIRL 's Director of Russian Programs . In recognition of her legal work and scholarship , Keeping was awarded the Medal of Service by the Academic Council of Tomsk State University . In September 2015 , she was a by-election candidate in the district of Calgary-Foothills , but finished sixth with 3% of the vote . Keeping was endorsed as Leader of the Green Party of Alberta by Elizabeth May , the leader of the Green Party of Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mississippi_State_Bulldogs_baseball", "text": "The Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball team representing Mississippi State University in NCAA Division I college baseball . The program is a member of the West Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . The current head coach is Chris Lemonis , who replaced interim head coach Gary Henderson . They have appeared in the College World Series 11 times , most recently in 2019 . They earned their highest finish in their 2013 CWS appearance , losing in the finals to UCLA , finishing the season with a consensus No . 2 ranking , the highest in program history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Elway", "text": "John Albert Elway Jr. ( born June 28 , 1960 ) is an American former quarterback who is the general manager and president of football operations for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) . Elway played college football at Stanford and his entire 16-year professional career with the Denver Broncos . At the time of his retirement in early 1999 , Elway had recorded the most victories by a starting quarterback and statistically was the second most prolific passer in NFL history . He was also a prolific rusher of the ball , being one of only two players ever to score a rushing touchdown in four different Super Bowls ( the other being Thurman Thomas ) and the only quarterback to do so . Elway set several career records for passing attempts and completions while at Stanford and also received All-American honors . He was the first selection in the 1983 NFL Draft , famously known as the quarterback class of 1983 , where he was taken by the Baltimore Colts before being traded to the Denver Broncos . In January 1987 , Elway embarked on one of the most notable performances in sports and in NFL history , helping engineer a 98-yard , game-tying touchdown drive in the AFC Championship Game against the Cleveland Browns . The moment is known in National Football League lore as The Drive . Following that game in Cleveland , Elway and the Broncos lost in Super Bowl XXI to the New York Giants . After two more Super Bowl losses , the Broncos entered a period of decline ; however , that ended during the 1997 season , as Elway and Denver won their first Super Bowl title by defeating the Green Bay Packers 31-24 in Super Bowl XXXII . The Broncos repeated as champions the following season in Super Bowl XXXIII by defeating the Atlanta Falcons 34-19 . Elway was voted MVP of that Super Bowl , which was the last game of his career , and in doing so Elway set a then-record five Super Bowl starts which was broken in February 2015 when Tom Brady of the New England Patriots started Super Bowl XLIX ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joel_Holleman", "text": "Joel Holleman ( October 1 , 1799 - August 5 , 1844 ) was an American politician and lawyer from Virginia . A Democrat , he served in the United States House of Representatives and as Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dainis_Bremze", "text": "Dainis Bremze or Dainis Bremse ( born July 22 , 1954 in Riga ) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s . He won the gold medal at the men 's doubles event at the 1978 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria . Bremze also won a bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 FIL European Luge Championships in Hammarstrand , Sweden . At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck , Bremze finished eighth in both the men 's singles and men 's doubles event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Paul,_Minnesota", "text": "Saint Paul ( abbreviated St. Paul ) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota . As of 2018 , the city 's estimated population was 307,695 . Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County , the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota . The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Minneapolis , the state 's largest city . Known as the Twin Cities , the two form the core of Minneapolis-Saint Paul , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States , with about 3.6 million residents . Founded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center , the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849 . The Dakota name for Saint Paul is Imnizaska . Regionally , the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center , home of the Minnesota Wild , and for the Science Museum of Minnesota . As a business hub of the Upper Midwest , it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab . Saint Paul , along with its twin city , Minneapolis , is known for its high literacy rate . The settlement originally began at present-day Lambert 's Landing , but was known as Pig 's Eye after Pierre Pig 's Eye Parrant established a popular tavern there . When Lucien Galtier , the first Catholic pastor of the region , established the Log Chapel of Saint Paul ( shortly thereafter to become the first location of the Cathedral of Saint Paul ) , he made it known that the settlement was now to be called by that name , as Saint Paul as applied to a town or city was well appropriated , this monosyllable is short , sounds good , it is understood by all Christian denominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAF_Wick", "text": "Wick John O ' Groats Airport ( IATA : WIC , ICAO : EGPC ) is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of the town of Wick in Caithness at the north-eastern extremity of the mainland of Scotland . It is owned and maintained by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited . The airport provides air travel connections for Caithness , with scheduled services to Aberdeen Airport and Edinburgh Airport , and is regularly used by helicopters servicing local offshore oil operations and the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm . It also serves as a stop-over for light aircraft ferry flights between Europe and North America via Iceland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Welterweight", "text": "Welterweight is a weight class in combat sports . Originally the term welterweight was used only in boxing , but other combat sports like Muay Thai , taekwondo , and mixed martial arts also use it for their own weight division system to classify the opponents . In most sports that use it , welterweight is heavier than lightweight but lighter than middleweight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reese_Witherspoon", "text": "Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon ( born March 22 , 1976 ) is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur . The recipient of several accolades , including an Academy Award and a Primetime Emmy Award , she is among the highest-paid actresses in the world , as of 2019 . Time magazine named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2006 and 2015 , and Forbes listed her among the World 's 100 Most Powerful Women in 2019 . Born in New Orleans , Louisiana , and raised in Nashville , Tennessee , Witherspoon began her career as a teenager , making her screen debut in The Man in the Moon ( 1991 ) . Following a leading role opposite Mark Wahlberg in Fear ( 1996 ) , her breakthrough came in 1999 with a supporting role in Cruel Intentions and for her portrayal of Tracy Flick in the black comedy Election . She achieved wider recognition with her role as Elle Woods in the comedy Legally Blonde ( 2001 ) and its 2003 sequel , and for her starring role in the romantic comedy Sweet Home Alabama ( 2002 ) . In 2005 , her portrayal of June Carter Cash in the biographical musical film Walk the Line garnered critical acclaim and won her the Academy Award for Best Actress . Following a career downturn , during which her sole commercial success was the romantic drama Water for Elephants ( 2011 ) , Witherspoon made her career comeback when she produced the thriller Gone Girl and the drama Wild ( both 2014 ) , under her production company Hello Sunshine . She also starred as Cheryl Strayed in the latter , for which she received a second nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress . Witherspoon ventured into television by producing and starring in the HBO drama series Big Little Lies ( 2017-2019 ) and the Apple TV+ drama series The Morning Show ( 2019 ) . For the former , she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series . Witherspoon also owns a clothing company Draper James , and she is actively involved in children 's and women 's advocacy organizations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Dakota", "text": "North Dakota ( /- dəˈkoʊtə/ ( listen ) ) is a U.S. state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States . It is the nineteenth largest in area , the fourth smallest by population , and the fourth most sparsely populated of the 50 states . North Dakota was admitted to the Union on November 2 , 1889 , along with its neighboring state , South Dakota . Its capital is Bismarck , and its largest city is Fargo . In the 21st century , North Dakota 's natural resources have played a major role in its economic performance , particularly with the oil extraction from the Bakken formation , which lies beneath the northwestern part of the state . Such development has led to population growth and reduced unemployment , resulting in North Dakota having the second lowest unemployment rate in the nation , behind only Hawaii . North Dakota contains the tallest man-made structure in the Western Hemisphere , the KVLY-TV mast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottawa", "text": "Ottawa ( /ˈɒtəwə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɒtəwɑː/ ; French pronunciation : ​ [ ɔtawa ] ) is the capital city of Canada . It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of southern Ontario . Ottawa borders Gatineau , Quebec ; the two form the core of the Ottawa-Gatineau census metropolitan area ( CMA ) and the National Capital Region ( NCR ) . As of 2016 , Ottawa had a city population of 934,243 and a metropolitan population of 1,323,783 making it the fourth-largest city and the fifth-largest CMA in Canada . In June 2019 , the City of Ottawa estimated it had surpassed a population of a million . Founded in 1826 as Bytown , and incorporated as Ottawa in 1855 , the city has evolved into the political centre of Canada . Its original boundaries were expanded through numerous annexations and were ultimately replaced by a new city incorporation and amalgamation in 2001 which significantly increased its land area . The city name Ottawa was chosen in reference to the Ottawa River , the name of which is derived from the Algonquin Odawa , meaning to trade . Ottawa has the most educated population among Canadian cities and is home to a number of post-secondary , research , and cultural institutions , including the National Arts Centre , the National Gallery , and numerous national museums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Washington_Post", "text": "The Washington Post ( sometimes abbreviated to WaPo ) is a major American daily newspaper published in Washington , D.C. Daily broadsheet editions are printed for the District of Columbia , Maryland , and Virginia . The newspaper has won 47 Pulitzer Prizes . This includes six separate Pulitzers awarded in 2008 , second only to The New York Times 's seven awards in 2002 for the highest number ever awarded to a single newspaper in one year . Post journalists have also received 18 Nieman Fellowships and 368 White House News Photographers Association awards . In the early 1970s , in the best-known episode in the newspaper 's history , reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein led the American press 's investigation into what became known as the Watergate scandal . Their reporting in The Washington Post greatly contributed to the resignation of President Richard Nixon . In years since , the Post 's investigations have led to increased review of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center . In October 2013 , the paper 's longtime controlling family , the Graham family , sold the newspaper to Nash Holdings , a holding company established by Jeff Bezos , for $ 250 million in cash ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Klein_High_School", "text": "Klein High School is a public high school located in Klein , Texas , United States , located approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) from Downtown Houston . It serves grades 9-12 in the Klein Independent School District . The current principal of Klein High School is Jessica Haddox ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Filipi_de_Souza_Barros", "text": "Filipi de Souza Barros ( born 27 July 1987 ) , known as Filipi Souza or simply Filipi , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Caldense ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Persija_Jakarta", "text": "Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Jakarta ( commonly known as Persija Jakarta , literally translated to Football Association Indonesia Jakarta ) , is a football team based in Jakarta , Indonesia . Persija Jakarta is the most successful football team in Indonesia . The team has won 11 league titles and have never been relegated since the competition start in 1930 . Persija is one of the teams who founded the PSSI ( Indonesia football federation ) in 1930 along with several other teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bradford_Bulls", "text": "The Bradford Bulls are a professional rugby league club in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England , currently playing in the Championship . They have won the Challenge Cup five times , the league championship six times and the World Club Challenge three times . Having vacated Odsal Stadium , Bradford intend to play their home games next year at Tetleys Stadium . The team jersey is white with red , amber and black chevrons . In 1907 , founder member of the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) Bradford F.C . switched codes to association football , and Bradford Northern ( later Bradford Bulls ) was formed by members who wished to continue rugby . Bradford Northern were renamed Bradford Bulls in 1996 , at the start of Super League . Bradford 's main rivalry was with Leeds ; they also had rivalries with Halifax and Huddersfield . The club entered administration in 2012 , and again in 2014 and 2016 . Several bids were made to take over the club but none were accepted by the administrators , and so on 3 January 2017 the club went into liquidation . Immediately the RFL announced the criteria and invited bids to form a new club , which ultimately acted as an immediate resurrection of the Bulls which retained the history , club colours , badge , home stadium and several players from the 2016 squad . Due to the administration and liquidation , the club started the 2017 season with a 12-point deduction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2011", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2011 honoured Canadian music industry achievements in the latter part of 2009 and in most of 2010 . The awards were presented in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , during the weekend of 26 and 27 March 2011 . A week of related events began on 21 March 2011 . This occasion marked 40 years since the 1971 Juno Awards , the first year the ceremonies were conducted by that name . The primary ceremony on 27 March was televised nationally by CTV . Deane Cameron , president of EMI Music Canada since 1988 , was designated the 2011 recipient of the Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award . Shania Twain was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame . Neil Young was presented with the Allan Waters Humanitarian Award for his work in such causes as Farm Aid . Drake received six nominations . Arcade Fire earned five nods . Broken Social Scene , Justin Bieber and Hedley each received four nominations . Johnny Reid and Sarah McLachlan each earned two nods ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Three_Burials_of_Melquiades_Estrada", "text": "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada ( also known as Three Burials ) is a 2005 French-American neo-Western film directed by and starring Tommy Lee Jones and written by Guillermo Arriaga . It also stars Barry Pepper , Julio Cedillo , Dwight Yoakam , and January Jones . The film was inspired by the real-life killing in Texas of a teenager , Esequiel Hernandez Jr , by United States Marines during a military operation near the United States-Mexico border as well as the novel As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner which contains the same plot premise and challenges encountered in the film . The film has many flashbacks and sometimes the same event is shown from different perspectives ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polona_Dornik", "text": "Polona Dornik ( born 20 November 1962 ) is a Yugoslav and Slovenian former female professional basketball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mega_Twins", "text": "Mega Twins , also known as Chiki Chiki Boys ( チキチキボーイズ , Chiki Chiki Bōizu ) in Japan , is a side-scrolling action game released for the arcades by Capcom in 1990 . It was the tenth game released for the CP System hardware ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cathedral_of_St._James,_Šibenik", "text": "The Cathedral of St. James ( Croatian : Katedrala sv . Jakova ) in Šibenik , Croatia is a triple-nave basilica with three apses and a dome ( 32 m high inside ) in the city of Šibenik , Croatia . It is the church of the Catholic Church in Croatia , and the see of the Šibenik diocese . It is also the most important architectural monument of the Renaissance in the entire country . Since 2000 , the Cathedral has been on the UNESCO World Heritage List . It is often known as St Jacob 's , because Croatian , like many other languages , uses the same name for both James and Jacob . It is dedicated to Saint James the Greater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Road_bicycle_racing", "text": "Road bicycle racing is the cycle sport discipline of road cycling , held on paved roads . Road racing is the most popular professional form of bicycle racing , in terms of numbers of competitors , events and spectators . The two most common competition formats are mass start events , where riders start simultaneously ( though sometimes with a handicap ) and race to set finish point ; and time trials , where individual riders or teams race a course alone against the clock . Stage races or tours take multiple days , and consist of several mass-start or time-trial stages ridden consecutively . Professional racing has been most popular in Western Europe , centered historically on France , Spain , Italy and the Low Countries . Since the mid-1980s the sport has diversified with professional races now held on all continents of the globe . Semi-professional and amateur races are also held in many countries . The sport is governed by the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) . As well as the UCI 's annual World Championships for men and women , the biggest event is the Tour de France , a three-week race that can attract over 500,000 roadside supporters a day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hyderabad", "text": "Hyderabad ( /ˈhaɪdərəbɑːd/ ( listen ) HY-dər-ə-baad ) is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Telangana and de jure capital of Andhra Pradesh . [ A ] Occupying 650 square kilometres ( 250 sq mi ) along the banks of the Musi River , located on the Deccan Plateau in the northern part of South India . At an average altitude of 542 metres ( 1,778 ft ) , much of Hyderabad is situated on hilly terrain around artificial lakes , including Hussain Sagar lake - predating the city 's founding - north of the city centre . Hyderabad City has a population of about 6.9 million , with about 9.7 million in Hyderabad Metropolitan Region , making it the fourth-most populous city and sixth-most populous urban agglomeration in India . With an output of US $ 74 billion , Hyderabad is the fifth-largest contributor to India 's overall gross domestic product . In 1591 Qutb Shahi ruler Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah established Hyderabad to extend the capital beyond the fortified Golconda , in 1687 the city was annexed by the Mughals - in 1724 Mughal governor Nizam Asaf Jah I declared his sovereignty and founded the Asaf Jahi dynasty also known as the Nizams , Hyderabad served as the imperial capital of the Asaf Jahi from 1769 to 1948 . As capital of the princely state of Hyderabad the city housed the British Residency and cantonment until Indian independence in 1947 . Hyderabad was invaded and integrated into the Indian Union in 1948 and continues as a capital of Hyderabad State"}
{"title": "/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Hungary", "text": "The Prime Minister of Hungary ( Hungarian : miniszterelnök ) is the head of government in Hungary . The Prime Minister and the Cabinet are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Parliament , to their political party and ultimately to the electorate . The current holder of the office is Viktor Orbán , leader of the Fidesz - Hungarian Civic Alliance , who has served since 29 May 2010 . According to the Hungarian Constitution , the Prime Minister is nominated by the President of Hungary and formally elected by the National Assembly . Constitutionally , the President is required to nominate the leader of the political party who wins a majority of seats in the National Assembly as Prime Minister . If there is no party with a majority , the President holds an audience with the leaders of all parties represented in the Assembly and nominates the person who is most likely to command a majority in the Assembly , who is then formally elected by a simple majority of the Assembly . In practice , when this situation occurs , the Prime Minister is the leader of the party winning a plurality of votes in the election , or the leader of the senior partner in the governing coalition . The Prime Minister has a leading role in the executive branch in accordance with the Hungarian Constitution , which vests him with the power to define the general policy of the Government . The Prime Minister selects Cabinet ministers and has the exclusive right to dismiss them . Cabinet nominees appear before one or more parliamentary committees in consultative open hearings . They must then survive a vote by Parliament and be formally approved by the President ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kath_Duncan", "text": "Katharine Sinclair Duncan ( née MacColl ; 4 July 1888 - 15 August 1954 ) was a Scottish communist activist . Duncan was born in Tarbert , Argyllshire to Archibald MacColl , a merchant , and Agnes Gibson MacColl ( née Stephen ) . She became a schoolteacher in Kirkcaldy and joined the National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) . In 1923 , she married a fellow teacher , Alexander Sandy Duncan , and the couple soon moved to Hackney . There , they became active in the Hackney Labour Dramatic Group and the Independent Labour Party . However , their experience of the UK general strike of 1926 led them to instead join the Communist Party of Great Britain ( CPGB ) . Duncan soon came to prominence in the CPGB , renowned as a powerful speaker . In 1929 , she was elected to the party 's central committee , although she stood down the following year , when she moved to Deptford . There , she focused her time on the National Unemployed Workers Movement ( NUWM ) , organising large demonstrations . She stood unsuccessfully for Greenwich at the 1931 general election . During 1932 , local dockers marched in opposition to ships sending arms to Japan , which had just invaded Manchuria . After one demonstration in Woolwich , both Kath and Sandy spoke ; police charged the crowd and Sandy was hospitalised ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ice_World_Boondall", "text": "Iceworld Boondall is an ice sports and public ice skating centre , located approximately 20 km north of Brisbane , Queensland . It hosts a number of major ice hockey games , including Australian Women 's Ice Hockey League games . The venue offers a wide variety of activities including ice skating lessons , birthday parties , figure skating , speed skating , curling , synchronised skating , public skating sessions , and it is also the home venue of the Brisbane Goannas . The venue has been operating in Brisbane for over 30 years . Iceworld Boondall is also a host venue for the Duke Trophy , an annual inter-state short track speed skating competition in Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zac_Efron", "text": "Zachary David Alexander Efron ( /ˈɛfrɒn/ ; born October 18 , 1987 ) is an American actor and singer . He began acting professionally in the early 2000s and rose to prominence in the late 2000s for his leading role as Troy Bolton in the High School Musical trilogy ( 2006-2008 ) . During this time , he also starred in the musical film Hairspray ( 2007 ) and the comedy film 17 Again ( 2009 ) . Efron has since starred in the films New Year 's Eve ( 2011 ) , The Lucky One ( 2012 ) , The Paperboy ( 2012 ) , Neighbors ( 2014 ) , Dirty Grandpa ( 2016 ) , Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising ( 2016 ) , Baywatch ( 2017 ) , The Greatest Showman ( 2017 ) and Extremely Wicked , Shockingly Evil and Vile ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natalie_Pinkham", "text": "Natalie Jane Pinkham ( born 20 September 1978 ) is a British television presenter and Formula One pit lane reporter for Sky Sports F1 , having held the same post for BBC Radio 5 Live in 2011 . She is also known for hosting Police Interceptors Special Edition on 5* . She appeared on Live from Studio Five as a guest presenter and is a regular panellist on The Wright Stuff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Phillies", "text": "The Philadelphia Phillies are an American professional baseball team based in Philadelphia . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the National League ( NL ) East division . Since 2004 , the team 's home stadium has been Citizens Bank Park , located in South Philadelphia . The Phillies are the oldest , continuous , one-name , one-city franchise in American professional sports . The Phillies have won two World Series championships ( against the Kansas City Royals in 1980 and the Tampa Bay Rays in 2008 ) and seven National League pennants , the first of which came in 1915 . Since the first modern World Series was played in 1903 , the Phillies played 77 consecutive seasons ( and 97 seasons from the club 's establishment ) before they won their first World Series - longer than any of the other 16 teams that made up the major leagues for the first half of the 20th century . They are one of the more successful franchises since the start of the Divisional Era in Major League Baseball . The Phillies have won 11 division titles , including five consecutive division titles from 2007 to 2011 ; these are ranked sixth among all teams and fourth in the National League . The franchise was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 , replacing the team from Worcester , Massachusetts , in the National League . The team has played at several stadiums in the city , beginning with Recreation Park and continuing at Baker Bowl ; Shibe Park , which was later renamed Connie Mack Stadium in honor of the longtime Philadelphia Athletics manager ; Veterans Stadium , and now Citizens Bank Park . The team 's spring training facilities are located in Clearwater , Florida , where its Class-A minor league affiliate Clearwater Threshers plays at Spectrum Field . Other Class-A affiliates are the Lakewood BlueClaws , who play in Lakewood , New Jersey , and the Williamsport Crosscutters , who play in Williamsport , Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Iglesia_de_Nuestra_Señora_Reina_de_los_Angeles", "text": "La Iglesia de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Ángeles , ( The Church of Our Lady Queen of the Angels ) , is a historic Roman Catholic church in El Pueblo de los Ángeles Historical Monument in northern downtown Los Angeles , California , United States . The church was founded by the Spanish in the early 19th century when modern-day California was under Spanish rule and known as Alta California in the Viceroyalty of New Spain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/You're_My_Heart,_You're_My_Soul", "text": "You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul is the first single by German duo Modern Talking released off their debut album The 1st Album . The single was released on 29 October 1984 but entered the top 40 in Germany on 21 January and entered the top 10 at no . 9 in Germany on 28 January 1985 , almost 3 months after its release date . It took another 5 weeks for the single to reach the top of the German single chart , it spent six weeks at the number one position in Germany and total of 25 weeks within the German Single Chart eventually reaching a gold status for selling well over 250,000 units at home . You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul is considered their best-selling single to date with worldwide sales said to exceed 8 million copies . The single was also certified gold in France and sold about 715,000 units in this country . The music video of the single was shot in 1984 at the RTL studios in Luxembourg . The single was re-released in 1998 , You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '98 for the duo 's reunion . The single in a newer package gained a similar success again earning them a platinum-award for selling over 500,000 units in Germany alone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Highclere", "text": "Highclere ( pronounced /ˈhaɪklɪər/ ) is a village and civil parish situated in the North Wessex Downs ( an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ) in the Basingstoke and Deane district of Hampshire , England . It lies in the northern part of the county , near the Berkshire border . It is most famous for being the location of Highclere Castle , a noted Victorian house of the Earl of Carnarvon . It is the setting for numerous films and TV series , including Downton Abbey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Characters_from_Disney's_The_Little_Mermaid", "text": "This article lists information of animated and was made by Hans Christian Andersen original characters from Disney 's The Little Mermaid franchise , covering the 1989 film , its prequel TV series , its direct-to-video sequel and prequel films , and the stage musical adaptation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High_Point_Panthers_men's_basketball", "text": "The High Point Panthers men 's basketball team is the basketball team that represents High Point University in High Point , North Carolina , United States . The school 's team currently competes in the Big South Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richmond,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Richmond is a town in New South Wales , in the local government area of the City of Hawkesbury . It is located at a latitude of 33° 35 ' 54 South and a longitude of 150°45 ' 04 east , 19 metres above sea level on the alluvial Hawkesbury River flats , at the foot of the Blue Mountains . It is about 65 km by road from Sydney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Conference_(MLS)", "text": "The Western Conference is one of Major League Soccer 's two conferences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Motherwell_F.C.", "text": "Motherwell Football Club are a Scottish professional football club in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire . The club compete in the Scottish Premiership . Motherwell have not dropped out of the top-flight of Scottish football since 1985 , and have lifted one trophy in that time - the Scottish Cup in 1991 . Clad in their traditional claret and amber , Motherwell play their home matches at Fir Park Stadium and have done since 1896 . The club 's main rivals over the years have been Hamilton Academical and Airdrieonians , due in part to their close geographical proximities . These matches are known as the Lanarkshire derby . The club have won six major trophies in domestic football : the Scottish League Title in 1931-32 , the Scottish Cup in 1951-52 and 1990-91 , the Scottish League Cup in 1950-51 and the Summer Cup in 1943-44 and in 1964-65 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hillesden", "text": "Hillesden is a village and civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . It is in the very north of the county , about four miles south of Buckingham . The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'Hild 's hill ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Ilesdone , though earlier it had been referred to as Hildesdun . Hillesden is split up into three areas ; Church End , The Orchard and The Barracks . Church End is situated at the top of the hill and surrounds the church . The Orchard consists of Orchard Cottages and Orchard View , whilst The Baracks are situated across from Great Ground ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dortmund", "text": "Dortmund ( /ˈdɔːrtmənd/ , also UK : /-mʊnd/ , US : /-mʊnt/ , German : [ ˈdɔʁtmʊnt ] ( listen ) ; Westphalian Low German : Düörpm [ ˈdyːœɐ̯pm̩ ] ; Latin : Tremonia ) is , with a population of 586,600 ( 2017 ) , the third-largest city of Germany 's most populous federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia after Cologne and Düsseldorf , and Germany 's eighth-largest city . It is the largest city ( by area and population ) of the Ruhr , Germany 's largest urban area with some 5.1 million ( 2011 ) inhabitants , as well as the largest city of Westphalia . On the Emscher and Ruhr rivers ( tributaries of the Rhine ) , it lies in the Rhine-Ruhr Metropolitan Region and is considered the administrative , commercial , and cultural centre of the eastern Ruhr . Dortmund is the second largest city in the Low German dialect area after Hamburg , Dortmund was one of the host cities of the official tournaments of the 1974 and 2006 FIFA World Cup . Founded around 882 , Dortmund became an Imperial Free City . Throughout the 13th to 14th centuries , it was the chief city of the Rhine , Westphalia , the Netherlands Circle of the Hanseatic League . During the Thirty Years ' War , the city was destroyed and decreased in significance until the onset of industrialization . The city then became one of Germany 's most important coal , steel and beer centres . Dortmund consequently was one of the most heavily bombed cities in Germany during World War II . The devastating bombing raids of 12 March 1945 destroyed 98% of buildings in the inner city center . These bombing raids , with more than 1,110 aircraft , hold the record to a single target in World War II . The region has adapted since the collapse of its century-long steel and coal industries and shifted to high-technology biomedical technology , micro systems technology , and also services ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RCA_Victor", "text": "RCA Records ( formerly legally traded as the RCA Records Label ) is an American record label owned by Sony Music , a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America . It is one of Sony Music 's four flagship labels , alongside RCA 's former long-time rival Columbia Records ; also Arista Records , and Epic Records . The label has released multiple genres of music , including pop , classical , rock , hip hop , afrobeat , electronic , R & B , blues , jazz , and country . Its name is derived from the initials of its defunct parent company , the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) . It was fully acquired by Bertelsmann in 1986 , making it a part of Bertelsmann Music Group ( BMG ) ; however , RCA Records became a part of Sony BMG Music Entertainment , a merger between BMG and Sony Music , in 2004 , and was acquired by the latter in 2008 , after the dissolution of Sony BMG and the restructuring of Sony Music . It is the second-oldest record label in American history , after sister label Columbia Records . As of September 2019 , artists signed to RCA Records include Britney Spears , Dave Matthews Band , G-Eazy , A $ AP Rocky , Christina Aguilera , BROCKHAMPTON , Chris Brown , Miley Cyrus , Foo Fighters , Craig David , Becky G , Childish Gambino , Buddy Guy , Martin Garrix , H.E.R , Enrique Iglesias , Khalid , Kesha , Alicia Keys , Lykke Li , Kygo , Pentatonix , Pink , Mark Ronson , Normani , Shakira , SZA , Bryson Tiller , Gashi , Justin Timberlake , TOOL , Usher , Walk the Moon , ZAYN and ATEEZ ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linebacker", "text": "A linebacker ( LB or backer ) is a playing position in gridiron football . Linebackers are members of the defensive team , and line up approximately three to five yards ( 4 m ) behind the line of scrimmage , behind the defensive linemen , and therefore back up the line . Linebackers generally align themselves before the ball is snapped by standing upright in a two-point stance ( as opposed to the defensive linemen , who put one or two hands on the ground for a three-point stance or four-point stance before the ball is snapped ) . The goal of the linebacker is to provide either extra run defense or extra pass defense based on the particular defensive play being executed . Another key play of the linebacker position is blitzing . A blitz occurs when a linebacker acts as an extra pass rusher running into any exposed gap . When a blitz is called by the defense , it is mainly to sack or hurry the opposing offense 's quarterback . Linebackers are often regarded as the most important position in defense , due to their versatility in providing hard hits on running plays or an additional layer of pass defense , when required . Similar to the free safety position , linebackers are required to use their judgment on every snap , to determine their role during that particular play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Babbitt", "text": "Bruce Edward Babbitt ( born June 27 , 1938 ) is an American attorney and politician from the state of Arizona . A member of the Democratic Party , Babbitt served as the 16th governor of Arizona from 1978 to 1987 , and as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1993 through 2001 . He won election as Arizona Attorney General after graduating from Harvard Law School . He became Governor of Arizona after the death of his predecessor , Wesley Bolin . Babbitt won election to a full term in 1978 and won re-election in 1982 . He helped found the Democratic Leadership Council and sought the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination , but dropped out of the race after the first set of primaries . After his presidential campaign , Babbit served as head of the League of Conservation Voters . He served as the Secretary of the Interior for the duration of Bill Clinton 's presidency . Clinton also strongly considered nominating Babbitt to the Supreme Court after vacancies arose in 1993 and 1994 . After leaving public office in 2001 , Babbitt became an attorney with Latham & Watkins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean-Pascal_Lacoste", "text": "Jean-Pascal Lacoste ( also known as Jean-Pascal or Jipé ; born 21 June 1978 ) is a French singer , actor and TV host ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_South_American_Under-17_Football_Championship", "text": "The 2015 South American Under-17 Football Championship ( Spanish : Campeonato Sudamericano Sub-17 Paraguay 2015 , Brazilian Portuguese : Campeonato Sul-Americano Sub-17 Paraguay 2015 ) was the 16th edition of the biennial international youth football tournament organized by CONMEBOL for players aged 17 and below . It was held in Paraguay from 4 to 29 March 2015 . This tournament served as CONMEBOL 's qualifier for the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Chile . The top four teams , tournament champions Brazil , Argentina , Ecuador , and hosts Paraguay , qualified for the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup , joining Chile who automatically qualified as hosts of the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2007 AFC Cup was the 4th edition of the AFC Cup , playing between clubs from nations who are members of the Asian Football Confederation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KwaZulu", "text": "KwaZulu was a semi-independent bantustan in South Africa , intended by the apartheid government as a homeland for the Zulu people . The capital was moved from Nongoma to Ulundi in 1980 . It was led until its abolition in 1994 by Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi and head of Inkatha , who implemented the limited self-governing powers decided by the South African government as part of apartheid , but rejected the nominal independence which four other homelands accepted , complaining about the fragmented nature of the state , and the inability of the apartheid government to consolidate a viable and contiguous territory for KwaZulu , in the face of stiff resistance from whites . F. W. de Klerk later commented in an interview that he believed that Buthelezi would have accepted independence had his homeland been given the port of Richards Bay , a proposal that failed due to the white population 's resistance to the idea . It was merged with the surrounding South African province of Natal to form the new province of KwaZulu-Natal . The name kwaZulu translates roughly as Place of Zulus , or more formally Zululand . In March 1996 , two years after South Africa 's transition to majority rule , the trial of The State v. Peter Msane & Others was held due to the accusation against thirteen retired white generals , including Magnus Malan ( who served as defence minister at the height of emergency rule in the mid-1980s ) and seven Zulus , partisans of Buthelezi 's Inkatha Freedom Party of complicity in a massacre of thirteen people , ten years earlier , in a rural village in the KwaZulu homeland known as KwaMakhutha . The trial was an attempt by Nelson Mandela 's new government to bring to justice those at the top of apartheid 's security forces . They were alleged to have purposefully fanned violence among blacks by arming and training one faction as a proxy force , in the tradition of divide and rule . However , all of the defendants were acquitted ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_B._Black", "text": "Charles Bradford Black Jr. ( June 15 , 1921 - December 22 , 1992 ) was an American professional basketball player and a four-time All-American at the University of Kansas . Black was also a decorated war hero ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orka_(comics)", "text": "Orka is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The character was created by Roy Thomas and Marie Severin , and has a killer whale theme . Orka primarily appears as a villain fighting the Avengers , the Fantastic Four , She-Hulk , and the Defenders , and also appears as a member of Heroes for Hire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McGrath,_Minnesota", "text": "McGrath is a city in Aitkin County , Minnesota , United States . The population was 80 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cartoon_Planet", "text": "Cartoon Planet is an American animated variety show that originally ran from 1995 to 1998 and 2012 to 2014 on Cartoon Network . A spin-off of Space Ghost Coast to Coast , the series centered on Space Ghost recruiting his imprisoned evil nemesis Zorak and his loud and dimwitted archenemy Brak to assist him in hosting a variety show . Cartoon Planet began as an hour-long block of cartoons hosted by Space Ghost , Zorak , and Brak . They would introduce full cartoons from the Turner Entertainment library , such as old theatrical shorts and Hanna-Barbera cartoons , including the original 1960s Space Ghost episodes . The host segments were often original songs and ad-libbed skits . New material ceased being made in 1997 , and most of the songs and skits were re-packaged into 22 half-hour episodes without classic cartoon clips ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lebanon", "text": "Lebanon ( /ˈlɛbənɒn/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : لبنان , romanized : Lubnān , Lebanese Arabic pronunciation : [ lɪbˈneːn ] ) , officially known as the Lebanese Republic [ nb 3 ] ( Arabic : الجمهورية اللبنانية , romanized : al-Jumhūrīyah al-Lubnānīyah , Lebanese Arabic pronunciation : [ elˈʒʊmhuːrɪjje lˈlɪbneːnɪjje ] ; French : République libanaise ) , is a country in Western Asia . It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south , while Cyprus is west across the Mediterranean Sea . Lebanon 's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland facilitated its rich history and shaped a cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity . At just 10,452 km2 ( 4,036 mi2 ) , it is the smallest recognized sovereign state on the mainland Asian continent . [ nb 4 ] The earliest evidence of civilization in Lebanon dates back more than seven thousand years , predating recorded history . Lebanon was the home of the Canaanites/Phoenicians and their kingdoms , a maritime culture that flourished for almost three thousand years ( c. 3200-539 BC ) . In 64 BC , the region came under the rule of the Roman Empire , and eventually became one of the Empire 's leading centers of Christianity . In the Mount Lebanon range a monastic tradition known as the Maronite Church was established . As the Arab Muslims conquered the region , the Maronites held onto their religion and identity . However , a new religious group , the Druze , established themselves in Mount Lebanon as well , generating a religious divide that has lasted for centuries . During the Crusades , the Maronites re-established contact with the Roman Catholic Church and asserted their communion with Rome . The ties they established with the Latins have influenced the region into the modern era ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Auraeus_Solito", "text": "Auraeus Solito , also known as Kanakan-Balintagos , is a Palawán-Filipino filmmaker and indigenous peoples rights advocate who comes from a lineage of shaman-kings from the Palawán tribe . He was one of the first to be born outside of his tribal land of South Palawan . He was born in the city of Manila and , after graduating from the Philippine Science High school , studied theater at the University of the Philippines , where he received a degree in Theater Arts . One of the leading independent filmmakers in the Philippines , he was recently [ when ? ] chosen as part of in Take 100 , The Future of Film . This book , published by Phaidon Press , New York , is a survey featuring 100 emerging film directors from around the world who have been selected by 10 internationally prominent film festival directors . [ citation needed ] His first feature film , Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros ( The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros ) won 15 international awards including 3 awards at the Berlinale ( The Teddy award , International Jury Prize at the Kinderfest and Special Mention from the Children 's Jury of the Kinderfest ) . It is also the first Philippine film nominated for Best Foreign Film at the Independent Spirit Awards in the US , and has been shown in more than 50 film festivals around the world . [ citation needed ] Tuli ( Circumcision ) , his second feature film , won Best Picture and Best Director at the Digital Competition at the 2005 CineManila film festival ; won the NETPAC Jury Prize at the Berlinale , International Forum for New Cinema and the Best International Feature Film at Outfest in Los Angeles . Solito is the first Filipino to make it to the Sundance Film Festival in Park City , Utah , USA , two years in a row ( with The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros and Tuli ) . His films have been screened in other major festivals around the world including Montreal , Busan , Toronto and Rotterdam . [ citation needed ] Solito completed a screenplay development program at the Binger Filmlab in Amsterdam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeanette_MacDonald", "text": "Jeanette Anna MacDonald ( June 18 , 1903 - January 14 , 1965 ) was an American singer and actress best remembered for her musical films of the 1930s with Maurice Chevalier ( The Love Parade , Love Me Tonight , The Merry Widow and One Hour With You ) and Nelson Eddy ( Naughty Marietta , Rose-Marie , and Maytime ) . During the 1930s and 1940s she starred in 29 feature films , four nominated for Best Picture Oscars ( The Love Parade , One Hour with You , Naughty Marietta and San Francisco ) , and recorded extensively , earning three gold records . She later appeared in opera , concerts , radio , and television . MacDonald was one of the most influential sopranos of the 20th century , introducing opera to film-going audiences and inspiring a generation of singers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Fernando_de_Apure", "text": "San Fernando de Apure ( Spanish pronunciation : [ saɱ feɾˈnando ðe aˈpuɾe ] ) is a city in Apure State in Venezuela . The population of the municipality area is 165,135 ( 2011 census ) . The 18th century exports included heron feathers ( for pens ) and animal hides . The Maria Nieves bridge across the Apure River at San Fernando commenced construction in 1959 under the direction of President Rómulo Betancourt , and was opened February 1 , 1961 . It cost 8.5 million bolivars . Notable is the Casa de Bolivar , a National Historical Monument , at the intersection of Comercio St. and Independencia St . It is the 18th Century Armory , and was the dwelling of General Miguel Gerrero . Now it contains a public library as well as the cultural offices of the municipality . It was restored in 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midwestern_United_States", "text": "The Midwestern United States , also referred to as the American Midwest , Middle West , or simply the Midwest , is one of four census regions of the United States Census Bureau ( also known as Region 2 ) . It occupies the northern central part of the United States . It was officially named the North Central Region by the Census Bureau until 1984 . It is located between the Northeastern United States and the Western United States , with Canada to its north and the Southern United States to its south . The Census Bureau 's definition consists of 12 states in the north central United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , Ohio , South Dakota , and Wisconsin . The region generally lies on the broad Interior Plain between the states occupying the Appalachian Mountain range and the states occupying the Rocky Mountain range . Major rivers in the region include , from east to west , the Ohio River , the Upper Mississippi River , and the Missouri River . A 2012 report from the United States Census put the population of the Midwest at 65,377,684 . The Midwest is divided by the Census Bureau into two divisions . The East North Central Division includes Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , and Wisconsin , all of which are also part of the Great Lakes region . The West North Central Division includes Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , North Dakota , Nebraska , and South Dakota , several of which are located , at least partly , within the Great Plains region . Chicago is the most populous city in the American Midwest and the third most populous in the entire country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber_Petronas_Engineering", "text": "Sauber Petronas Engineering AG ( SPE ) was a company owned jointly by the Swiss racing car manufacturer Sauber ( 60% ) and the Malaysian oil company Petronas ( 40% ) . It was founded in 1996 for the purpose of supplying engines to the Sauber Formula One team but at the same time the company began work on the design of production car engines for the Malaysian national car company Proton . The company also helped develop racing motorcycles like Petronas GP1 . Former Honda and Ferrari engineer Osamu Goto was in charge of the Powertrain Division , including the F1 engine program . The engines were for many years nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari but were branded Petronas . Sauber licensed nearly every legally licensable part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff . Many pointed out suspicious similarities between Ferrari and Sauber chassis , but no formal accusations were ever made , even if FIA rules require each team to design their own chassis . The long-term aim of Sauber Petronas was to design and build its own F1 engines for the 1999 season but the programme was abandoned , choosing instead to continue with the Ferrari units . In 1998 , Petronas commissioned the Powertrain Division of SPE to design their own first commercial automotive engine , the Petronas E01e engine . After the 2005 season , Sauber was bought by BMW and the co-operation with Ferrari ended ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IC_Manage", "text": "IC Manage is a company that provides design data and IP management , Big Data Analytics , Hybrid Cloud Bursting , and High-Performance Computing software to semiconductors , systems , Internet of Things and artificial intelligence IC companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thanh_Hóa", "text": "Thanh Hóa ( Vietnamese : [ tʰajŋ̟ hwǎː ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of Thanh Hóa Province . The city is situated in the east of the province on the Ma River ( Sông Mã ) , about 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) south of Hanoi and 1560 kilometers ( 969 miles ) north of Ho Chi Minh City . Thanh Hoa became one of the most populous cities in North Central Coast after expanding in 2012 [ clarification needed ] , with a population of approximately 400,000 . Thanh Hoa township was upgraded to Thanh Hoa City in 1994 and has been center of politics , economy , culture , education and entertainment of Thanh Hóa Province for a long time . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Down_With_Webster", "text": "Down with Webster was a Canadian rap rock band from The Beaches area of Toronto who signed with Universal Motown in April 2009 . Down with Webster was originally formed for a middle school talent show . The band released their first official EP , Time to Win , Vol . 1 , on October 6 , 2009 . The band has achieved success from all three singles from the album , and all three were certified Platinum in Canada . The album itself was certified Platinum in Canada . Their second release , Time to Win , Vol . 2 , was released on October 31 , 2011 . In 2014 , they put out their second full-length album , Party For Your Life . Down with Webster has sold over 1 million albums and nearly 1 million singles . The band has been nominated for Juno Awards , MuchMusic Video Awards , and Canadian Radio Music Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kitna_(film)", "text": "Kitna is an upcoming Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Samuthirakani . The film will be simultaneously made in Telugu , Malayalam , and Kannada . While Dhansika plays the lead role in all four languages , each version has different cast members , with Samuthirakani and Mahima Nambiar playing pivotal roles in the Tamil and Malayalam versions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Teignbridge", "text": "Teignbridge is a local government district in Devon , England . Its council is based in Newton Abbot . Other towns in the district include Ashburton , Dawlish and Teignmouth . It is named for the old Teignbridge hundred . The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , as a merger of the Ashburton , Buckfastleigh , Dawlish , Newton Abbot and Teignmouth urban districts along with Newton Abbot Rural District and part of St Thomas Rural District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natalia_Guseva", "text": "Natalia Vladimirovna Guseva née Sorokina ( Russian : Ната́лья Влади́мировна Гу́сева ; born 12 September 1982 in Tikhvin , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian female biathlete who lives in Saint Petersburg . Besides her biathlon career , she is a professional soldier , and as such represents the Russian Army sports club . Guseva started with biathlon as a 12-year-old , in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toyota_Racing_(Formula_One_team)", "text": "Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota Motor Corporation and based in Cologne , Germany . Toyota announced their plans to participate in Formula One in 1999 , and after extensive testing with their initial car , dubbed the TF101 , the team made their debut in 2002 . The new team grew from Toyota 's long-standing Toyota Motorsport GmbH organisation , which had previously competed in the World Rally Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans . Despite a point in their first-ever race , Toyota never won a Grand Prix , their best finish being 2nd position , which they achieved five times . Toyota drew criticism for their lack of success , as they never managed to win with one of the sport 's biggest budgets . Toyota was a well-funded team , but despite this , strong results had never been consistent . On 4 November 2009 , Toyota announced its immediate withdrawal from Formula One , ending the team 's involvement in the sport after eight consecutive seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cape_Town", "text": "Cape Town ( Afrikaans : Kaapstad ) [ ˈkɑːpstat ] ; Xhosa : iKapa ; Khoi-San : //Hui ! Gaeb ) is the second most populous city in South Africa after Johannesburg and also the legislative capital of South Africa . Colloquially named the Mother City , it is the largest city of the Western Cape province . It forms part of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality , The Parliament of South Africa sits in Cape Town . The other two capitals are located in Pretoria ( the executive capital where the Presidency is based ) and Bloemfontein ( the judicial capital where the Supreme Court of Appeal is located ) . The city is known for its harbour , for its natural setting in the Cape Floristic Region , and for landmarks such as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Cape Town is home to 64% of the Western Cape 's population . The city was named the World Design Capital for 2014 by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design . In 2014 , Cape Town was named the best place in the world to visit by both The New York Times and The Daily Telegraph. , Cape Town was one of the host cities of the 2010 FIFA World Cup . Located on the shore of Table Bay , Cape Town , as the oldest urban area in South Africa , was developed by the United East India Company ( VOC ) as a supply station for Dutch ships sailing to East Africa , India , and the Far East . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 April 1652 established VOC Cape Colony , the first permanent European settlement in South Africa . Cape Town outgrew its original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope , becoming the economic and cultural hub of the Cape Colony . Until the Witwatersrand Gold Rush and the development of Johannesburg , Cape Town was the largest city in South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalispell,_Montana", "text": "Kalispell ( /ˈkæləˌspɛl , ˌkæləˈspɛl/ ) is a city in , and the county seat of Flathead County , Montana , United States . The 2010 Census put Kalispell 's population at 19,927 . The Kalispell Micropolitan Statistical Area has a population of 93,068 and it is the largest city and commercial center of northwest Montana . The name Kalispell is a Salish word meaning flat land above the lake . Kalispell is also the gateway to Glacier National Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ag2r-La_Mondiale", "text": "AG2R La Mondiale ( UCI team code : ALM ) is a French cycling team with UCI WorldTeam status . Its title sponsor is AG2R La Mondiale , one of the biggest French insurance firms . The team is predominantly French ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spencer_Johnson_(American_football)", "text": "Spencer Johnson ( born December 12 , 1981 ) is a former American football defensive tackle . He was originally signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2004 . He played college football at Auburn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moomins_on_the_Riviera", "text": "Moomins on the Riviera ( Finnish title : Muumit Rivieralla ) is a 2014 Finnish-French animated family comedy film directed by Xavier Picard and produced by Hanna Hemilä , who is also co-director . The film is based on Moomin comic strips by Tove Jansson and Lars Jansson . The film is a co-production of Finnish Handle Productions , French Pictak Cie and Chinese Sandman Animation Studio . Written by Leslie Stewart , Annina Enckell , Hanna Hemilä , Xavier Picard and Beata Harju , the English version of the film stars Russell Tovey as Moomin , Nathaniel Parker as Moominpappa and Tracy Ann Oberman as Moominmamma . The film is based on the Moomin Tove Jansson 's original comic strip : Moomin on the Riviera and it is the first animated feature based on the comic strips . In the film , the Moomins along with Snorkmaiden and Little My sail for the Riviera , where their unity is threatened . Snorkmaiden is dazzled by the attentions of the playboy Clark Tresco and Moominpappa befriends an aristocrat called Marquis Mongaga , while Moomin and Moominmamma decide to move to the beach in order to escape all the glamorous extravagance . Moomins on the Riviera was released theatrically on 10 October 2014 in Finland to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Tove Jansson 's birth . In the United Kingdom , the film made its premiere on 11 October 2014 at BFI London Film Festival and it had a wider theatrical release on 22 May 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brian_Moran", "text": "Brian Joseph Moran ( born September 9 , 1959 ) is an American politician and a member of the Democratic Party . He has served as Secretary of Public Safety and Homeland Security since 2014 , and was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1996 until 2008 , representing Northern Virginia 's 46th district . Moran was a primary candidate for Governor of Virginia in 2009 , hoping to succeed fellow Democrat Tim Kaine , but on June 9 , 2009 , he lost the Democratic Party nomination to Creigh Deeds , a member of the Virginia Senate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abdellah_Béhar", "text": "Abdellah Béhar ( born 5 July 1963 in Souk Arba du Gharb ) is a retired Moroccan-born French runner who specializes in the 5000 metres and cross-country running ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long_Beach_State_University", "text": "California State University , Long Beach ( CSULB , Long Beach State , Cal State Long Beach , LBSU , or The Beach ) is a public university in Long Beach , California . The 322-acre campus is the third largest of the 23-school California State University system ( CSU ) and one of the largest universities in the state of California by enrollment , its student body numbering 37,776 for the Fall 2016 semester . The university continues to receive record numbers of applicants ; for Fall 2018 , it received 102,879 undergraduate applications - the most of any CSU campus . The school has a 28% acceptance rate . In 2017 , 17,650 out of 63,048 applicants were admitted making Cal State Long Beach a highly competitive school to get into . As of Fall 2014 , the school had 2,283 total faculty , with 36.7 percent of those faculty on the tenure track . With 5,286 graduate students , the university enrolls one of the largest graduate student populations across the CSU system and in the state of California . The university is located in the Los Altos neighborhood of Long Beach at the southeastern coastal tip of Los Angeles County , less than one mile from the border with Orange County . The university offers 82 different Bachelor 's degrees , 65 types of Master 's degrees , and four Doctoral degrees . Long Beach State is one of the West Coast 's top universities in terms of student body racial diversity , being named the 5th most diverse university in the West by U.S. News & World Report . It is also home to one of the largest publicly funded art schools in the United States . The university currently operates with one of the lowest student tuition rate in the country , at $ 6,420 per year for full-time students with California residence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fire_Emblem:_Mystery_of_the_Emblem", "text": "Fire Emblem : Mystery of the Emblem [ a ] is a tactical role-playing video game developed by Intelligent Systems , and published by Nintendo for the Super Famicom home video game console in 1994 . It is the third installment of the Fire Emblem series , and the first to be developed for the Super Famicom . The story is divided into two parts : the first part is a remake of Fire Emblem : Shadow Dragon and the Blade of Light , while the second is an original story acting as a sequel to the first game . After defeating the sorcerer Gharnef and the Dark Dragon Medeus , peace is restored to Archanea and Marth restores his kingdom . His ally Hardin ascends to the throne of Archanea , but begins hostile military expansion across the continent , forcing Marth to confront his old friend and the force driving him . Gameplay follows the traditional Fire Emblem system of tactical battles taking place on grid-based maps . Mystery of the Emblem began development in 1992 during the production of Fire Emblem Gaiden . The staff from previous entries , including series creator Shouzou Kaga and composer Yuka Tsujiyoko , returned to their respective roles . While originally conceived as two separate projects , the team eventually merged the proposed remake of Shadow Dragon and the Blade of Light with the original story content of Mystery of the Emblem . The gameplay , which had veered away from the first game 's tactical RPG routes in Gaiden , returned to its more traditional stance . The difficulty was lowered to encourage new players to try the series . The game has been positively received by video game journalists ; much praise went to its gameplay refinements and technical quality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_Pastor", "text": "Edward Lopez Pastor ( /pæˈstɔːr/ ; June 28 , 1943 - November 27 , 2018 ) was an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Arizona from 1991 to 2015 . A member of the Democratic Party , he represented Arizona 's 2nd congressional district from 1991 to 2003 , and Arizona 's 7th congressional district from 2003 to 2015 . The latter district was numbered as the 4th district from 2003 to 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulgarian_language", "text": "Bulgarian ( /bʌlˈɡɛəriən/ ( listen ) , /bʊlˈ-/ bu ( u ) l-GAIR-ee-ən ; български , bălgarski , pronounced [ ˈbɤɫɡɐrski ] ( listen ) ) is a South Slavic language spoken in Southeastern Europe , primarily in Bulgaria . It is the language of Bulgarians . Along with the closely related Macedonian language ( collectively forming the East South Slavic languages ) , it is a member of the Balkan sprachbund . The two languages have several characteristics that set it apart from all other Slavic languages : changes include the elimination of case declension , the development of a suffixed definite article and the lack of a verb infinitive , but it retains and has further developed the Proto-Slavic verb system . One such major development is the innovation of evidential verb forms to encode for the source of information : witnessed , inferred , or reported . It is the official language of Bulgaria , and since 2007 has been among the official languages of the European Union . It is also spoken by minorities in several other countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Craig_Baird", "text": "Craig George Baird MNZM ( born 22 July 1970 ) is a New Zealand retired racing driver who now is the driving standards observer for the Australian Supercars Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giorgos_Petrakis", "text": "Giorgos Petrakis ( Greek : Γιώργος Πετράκης ; born 8 February 1988 ) is a Greek football manager . He currently manages the Super League Greece club Lamia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newick_and_Chailey_railway_station", "text": "Newick and Chailey was a railway station located in North Chailey located near the villages of Newick and Chailey in East Sussex , England . It was part of the East Grinstead to Lewes line , more popularly known as the Bluebell Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Sinatra", "text": "Francis Albert Sinatra ( /sɪˈnɑːtrə/ ; December 12 , 1915 - May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer , actor and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide . Born to Italian immigrants in Hoboken , New Jersey , Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey . Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943 , becoming the idol of the bobby soxers . He released his debut album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra , in 1946 . But by the early 1950s his professional career had stalled and he turned to Las Vegas , where he became one of its best known residency performers as part of the Rat Pack . His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of From Here to Eternity , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor . Sinatra released several critically lauded albums , including In the Wee Small Hours ( 1955 ) , Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! ( 1956 ) , Come Fly with Me ( 1958 ) , Only the Lonely ( 1958 ) and Nice ' n ' Easy ( 1960 ) . Sinatra left Capitol in 1960 to start his own record label , Reprise Records , and released a string of successful albums . In 1965 , he recorded the retrospective album , September of My Years and starred in the Emmy-winning television special Frank Sinatra : A Man and His Music . After releasing Sinatra at the Sands , recorded at the Sands Hotel and Casino in Vegas with frequent collaborator Count Basie in early 1966 , the following year he recorded one of his most famous collaborations with Tom Jobim , the album Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johannesburg", "text": "Johannesburg ( /dʒoʊˈhænɪsbɜːrɡ/ joh-HAN-iss-burg , also US : /-ˈhɑːn-/ -⁠HAHN- ; Afrikaans : [ jʊəˈɦanəsbœrχ ] ; Zulu and Xhosa : eGoli ) , informally known as Jozi or Joburg , is the largest city in South Africa and one of the 50 largest urban areas in the world . It is the provincial capital and largest city of Gauteng , which is the wealthiest province in South Africa . Johannesburg is the seat of the Constitutional Court . The city is located in the mineral-rich Witwatersrand range of hills and is the centre of large-scale gold and diamond trade , It was one of the host cities of the official tournament of the 2010 FIFA World Cup . The metropolis is an alpha global city as listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . In 2019 , the population of the city of Johannesburg was 5,635,127 , making it the most populous city in South Africa . In the same year , the population of Johannesburg 's urban agglomeration was put at 8,000,000. land area of the municipal city ( 1,645 km2 or 635 sq mi ) is large in comparison with those of other major cities , resulting in a moderate population density of 2,364 per square kilometre ( 6,120/sq mi ) . The city was established in 1886 following the discovery of gold on what had been a farm . Due to the extremely large gold deposit found along the Witwatersrand , within ten years , the population had grown to 100,000 inhabitants . A separate city from the late 1970s until 1994 , Soweto is now part of Johannesburg . Originally an acronym for South-Western Townships , Soweto originated as a collection of settlements on the outskirts of Johannesburg , populated mostly by native African workers from the gold mining industry . Soweto , although eventually incorporated into Johannesburg , had been separated as a residential area for Blacks , who were not permitted to live in Johannesburg proper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain_women's_national_under-17_football_team", "text": "The Spain women 's national under-17 football team represents Spain in international football in under-17 categories and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation . The youth team has reached the World Cup Finals on two occasions , first in 2014 and then again in 2018 . It has also won bronze medals on the 2010 and 2016 editions . On European Cup the team has reached a total of 8 finals . Becoming champions on 4 occasions and becoming runners-up on 4 . Thus making them one of the most successful teams in the under-17 category ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ChocQuibTown", "text": "ChocQuibTown ( sometimes written as Choc Quib Town ) is a Colombian hip-hop group . Although the band formed in Cali , the members are originally from the Colombian department of Chocó . The group consists of Carlos Tostao Valencia ( rapping ) , his wife Gloria Goyo Martínez ( singing and rapping ) , and Gloria 's brother Miguel Slow Martínez ( production and rapping ) . The band 's music draws influence from a wide variety of modern genres including hip-hop and more recently electronica , combined with traditional Colombian genres including salsa , Latin jazz , and Afro-Latin rhythms . After growing up in Chocó and forming in Cali , the ChocQuibTown relocated to Bogotá and gained popularity performing in the city 's bars . The group 's first two albums , Somos Pacífico ( 2006 ) and Oro ( 2010 ) were bolstered by the singles Somos Pacífico and De Donde Vengo Yo , with the latter song winning a Latin Grammy in 2011 . The band 's third album , Eso Es Lo Que Hay ( 2011 ) experienced further success , featuring the single Hasta el Techo , followed by El Mismo ( 2015 ) . The group 's latest album , Sin Miedo , was released in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spanish_language", "text": "Spanish ( /ˈspænɪʃ/ ( listen ) ; español ( help·info ) ) , or Castilian ( /kæˈstɪliən/ ( listen ) , castellano ( help·info ) ) , is a Romance language that originated in the Iberian Peninsula and today has over 483 million native speakers , mainly in Spain and the Americas . It is a global language , the world 's second-most spoken native language , after Mandarin Chinese , and the world 's fourth-most spoken language , after Mandarin Chinese , English and Hindi . Spanish is a part of the Ibero-Romance group of languages , which evolved from several dialects of Vulgar Latin in Iberia after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century . The oldest Latin texts with traces of Spanish come from mid-northern Iberia in the 9th century , and the first systematic written use of the language happened in Toledo , a prominent city of the Kingdom of Castile , in the 13th century . Beginning in 1492 , the Spanish language was taken to the viceroyalties of the Spanish Empire , most notably to the Americas , as well as territories in Africa , Oceania and the Philippines . A 1949 study by Italian-American linguist Mario Pei , analyzing the degree of difference from a language 's parent ( Latin , in the case of Romance languages ) by comparing phonology , inflection , syntax , vocabulary , and intonation , indicated the following percentages ( the higher the percentage , the greater the distance from Latin ) : In the case of Spanish , it is one of the closest Romance languages to Latin ( 20% distance ) , only behind Sardinian ( 8% distance ) and Italian ( 12% distance ) . Around 75% of modern Spanish vocabulary is derived from Latin , including Latin borrowings from Ancient Greek . Spanish vocabulary has been in contact with Arabic from an early date , having developed during the Al-Andalus era in the Iberian Peninsula . With around 8% of its vocabulary being Arabic in origin , this language makes up the second greatest vocabulary source after Latin itself . It has also been influenced by Basque , Iberian , Celtiberian , Visigothic , and by neighboring Ibero-Romance languages . Additionally , it has absorbed vocabulary from other languages , particularly other Romance languages - French , Italian , Andalusi Romance , Portuguese , Galician , Catalan , Occitan , and Sardinian - as well as from Quechua , Nahuatl , and other indigenous languages of the Americas . Spanish is one of the six official languages of the United Nations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romansh_language", "text": "Romansh ( /roʊˈmænʃ , roʊˈmɑːnʃ/ ; sometimes also spelled Romansch , Rumantsch , or Romanche ; Romansh : rumantsch , rumàntsch , romauntsch or romontsch ) is a Romance language spoken predominantly in the southeastern Swiss canton of Grisons ( Graubünden ) , where it has official status alongside German and Italian . It is used as the medium of instruction in schools in Romansh-speaking areas . Romansh has also been recognized as a national language of Switzerland since 1938 , and as an official language in correspondence with Romansh-speaking citizens since 1996 , along with German , French and Italian . It is sometimes grouped by linguists with Ladin and Friulian as a Rhaeto-Romance language ( retorumantsch ) , though this is disputed . [ citation needed ] Romansh is one of the descendant languages of the spoken Latin language of the Roman Empire , which by the 5th century AD replaced the Celtic and Raetic languages previously spoken in the area . Romansh retains a small number of words from these languages . Romansh has also been strongly influenced by German in vocabulary and morphosyntax . The language gradually retreated to its current area over the centuries , being replaced in other areas by Alemannic and Bavarian dialects . The earliest writing identified as Romansh dates from the 10th or 11th century , although major works did not appear until the 16th century , when several regional written varieties began to develop . During the 19th century the area where the language was spoken declined , but the Romansh speakers had a literary revival and started a language movement dedicated to halting the decline of the language . [ citation needed ] In the 2000 Swiss census , 35,095 people ( of whom 27,038 live in the canton of Grisons ) indicated Romansh as the language of best command , and 61,815 as a regularly spoken language . In 2010 , Switzerland switched to a yearly system of assessment that uses a combination of municipal citizen records and a limited number of surveys ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_baseman", "text": "First base , or 1B , is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner to score a run for that player 's team . A first baseman is the player on the team playing defense who fields the area nearest first base , and is responsible for the majority of plays made at that base . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the first baseman is assigned the number 3 . Also called first sacker or cornerman , the first baseman is ideally a tall player who throws left-handed and possesses good flexibility and quick reflexes . Flexibility is needed because the first baseman receives throws from the other infielders , the catcher and the pitcher after they have fielded ground balls . In order for the runner to be called out , the first baseman must be able to stretch towards the throw and catch it before the runner reaches first base . First base is often referred to as the other hot corner - the hot corner being third base - and therefore , like the third baseman , he must have quick reflexes to field the hardest hit balls down the foul line , mainly by left-handed pull hitters and right-handed hitters hitting to the opposite field . They often are power hitters who have a substantial number of home runs and extra base hits while maintaining a .270 plus batting average . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Mitchell_Boggs", "text": "Mitchell Thomas Boggs ( born February 15 , 1984 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the St. Louis Cardinals and Colorado Rockies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kit_Carson_County", "text": "Kit Carson County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2010 census , the population was 8,270 . The county seat is Burlington . The county was established in 1889 and named for American frontiersman and Indian fighter Kit Carson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prisoner_(The_Jezabels_album)", "text": "Prisoner is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band The Jezabels . It was released on 16 September 2011 through PIAS Recordings , Mom + Pop Music and Dine Alone Records . It was recorded at Sydney 's Attic Studios with producer Lachlan Mitchell and mixed by Peter Katis . Prisoner was news.com.au Entertainment 's album of the week during the week of its release . The album won the 2011 Australian Music Prize and was described as a cocktail of power and elegance , rising like a force to be reckoned with . Dramatic , creative songwriting is delivered with ferocity by commanding front woman Hayley Mary . The Jezabels have firmly cemented their place in the Australian music industry and abroad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quarterback", "text": "The quarterback ( commonly abbreviated QB ) , colloquially known as the signal caller , is a position in gridiron football . Quarterbacks are members of the offensive team and line up directly behind the offensive line . In modern American football , the quarterback is usually considered the leader of the offensive team , and is often responsible for calling the play in the huddle . The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play , and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes . When the QB is tackled behind the line of scrimmage , it is called a sack ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elano", "text": "Elano Blumer ( born 14 June 1981 ) , simply known as Elano , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and is the manager of Inter de Limeira . Known for his accurate passing and precise set pieces , Elano started his career at Santos , and spent six years in Europe in the service of Shakhtar Donetsk , Manchester City and Galatasaray . He returned to Santos in 2011 , and later joined fellow league teams Grêmio and Flamengo , before signing for Chennaiyin of the Indian Super League as their marquee player . In 2015 , after finishing the season as league top scorer , Elano rejoined Santos for a third spell . Elano earned 50 caps for the Brazil national team between 2004 and 2011 , scoring nine goals . He represented the nation at their triumphs in the 2007 Copa América and the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup , and also played at the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2011 Copa América ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_in_video_gaming", "text": "The year 2014 saw a number of events in the video game industry . No new major consoles were released , but updates and upgrades were : the New Nintendo 3DS was released in Japan and Oceania , and Sony released new model 2000 PS Vita systems in Europe & North America . In video game-related corporate acquisitions , Amazon purchased the online video game streaming service Twitch , and Facebook acquired the virtual reality company and product Oculus . Nintendo released Amiibo in 2014 , companion figurines that could be scanned by the 3DS and WiiU systems . On Twitter and other Internet social media , the Gamergate controversy began . Among video games originally released in 2014 , critics gave the highest reviews to Super Smash Bros. for Wii U , Dark Souls II , Bayonetta 2 , Shovel Knight , Velocity 2X , Dragon Age : Inquisition , Mario Kart 8 , and Hearthstone : Heroes of Warcraft . Other significant games that won awards included Destiny , Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor , and Monument Valley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michal_Riszdorfer", "text": "Michal Riszdorfer ( Hungarian : Riszdorfer Mihály [ ˈrizdorfɛr ˈmihaːj ] ; born 26 May 1977 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak sprint canoer who has competed since the late 1990s . Competing in three Summer Olympics , he won two medals in the K-4 1000 m with a silver in 2008 and a bronze in 2004 . Riszdorfer has also won fourteen medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with eight golds ( K-2 500 m : 1998 , K-2 1000 m : 1999 , K-4 500 m : 2002 , 2003 , 2006 , 2007 ; K-4 1000 m : 2002 , 2003 ) , three silvers ( K-4 200 m : 2009 , K-4 500 m : 2005 , K-4 1000 m : 2005 ) , and three bronzes ( K-4 500 m : 2001 , K-4 1000 m : 2007 , 2009 ) . Riszdorfer is a member of the ŠKP club in Bratislava . He is 177 cm ( 5 ft 10 in ) tall and weighs 78 kg ( 172 lb ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/You_I_Love", "text": "You I Love ( Russian : Я люблю тебя , romanized : Ya lyublyu tebya ) is a 2004 Russian comedy melodrama directed by Olga Stolpovskaja and Dmitry Troitsky . It was the first ever film to come from Russia on the subject of homosexuality or bisexuality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thornton_Burgess", "text": "Thornton Waldo Burgess ( January 17 , 1874 - June 5 , 1965 ) was an American conservationist and author of children 's stories . Burgess loved the beauty of nature and its living creatures so much that he wrote about them for 50 years in books and his newspaper column , Bedtime Stories . He was sometimes known as the Bedtime Story-Man . By the time he retired , he had written more than 170 books and 15,000 stories for the daily newspaper column ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Bridges", "text": "Jeffrey Leon Bridges ( born December 4 , 1949 ) is an American actor , singer , comedian and producer . He comes from a prominent acting family and appeared on the television series Sea Hunt ( 1958-60 ) , with his father , Lloyd Bridges and brother , Beau Bridges . He won numerous accolades , including the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis Bad Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show ( 1971 ) , Bad Company ( 1972 ) , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot ( 1974 ) , Starman ( 1984 ) , The Contender ( 2000 ) , True Grit ( 2010 ) , and Hell or High Water ( 2016 ) . His other films include Tron ( 1982 ) , Jagged Edge ( 1985 ) , The Fabulous Baker Boys ( 1989 ) , The Fisher King ( 1991 ) , Fearless ( 1993 ) , The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) , Seabiscuit ( 2003 ) , Iron Man ( 2008 ) , Tron : Legacy ( 2010 ) , and The Giver ( 2014 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Igiugig,_Alaska", "text": "Igiugig ( Igyaraq in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Lake and Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States . The population was 54 at the 2010 census , up from 53 in 2000 . The village is at the source of the Kvichak River , at the outlet of Lake Iliamna ."}
{"title": "/wiki/One-shot_(comics)", "text": "In the comic book publishing industry , a one-shot is a comic book published as a single , standalone issue , with a self-contained story , and not as part of an ongoing series or miniseries . In the television industry , one-shots sometimes serve as a pilot to field interest in a new series . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_1988_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Boxing at the 1988 Summer Olympics took place in the Chamshil Students ' Gymnasium in Seoul between 17 September and 2 October . Twelve men 's individual boxing events were contested , attended by 432 athletes and 159 officials from 106 countries . Cuba boycotted the 1988 Olympics which impacted the competition . The events were also notable for a controversial decision in the light middleweight championship bout between Roy Jones Jr. and Park Si-Hun , when Roy Jones was denied gold despite being vastly superior , and also for a referee being attacked by South Korean boxing officials in the ring after the Jong-Il Byun and Aleksandar Khristov bout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Hay", "text": "Earl of Erroll is a title in the Peerage of Scotland . It was created in 1453 for Sir William Hay . The subsidiary titles held by the Earl of Erroll are Lord Hay ( created 1449 ) and Lord Slains ( 1452 ) , both in the Peerage of Scotland . The Earls of Erroll also hold the hereditary office of Lord High Constable of Scotland . The office was once associated with great power . The Earls of Erroll hold the hereditary title of Chief of Clan Hay . The Earl of Erroll is one of four peers entitled to appoint a private pursuivant , with the title Slains Pursuivant of Arms . Earl of Erroll is also the name of a Scottish highland dance , danced today at Highland games around the world . The family seat is Woodbury House , near Everton , Bedfordshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uruguayan_peso", "text": "Uruguayan peso ( Spanish : peso uruguayo ) has been a name of the Uruguayan currency since Uruguay 's settlement by Europeans . The present currency , the peso uruguayo ( ISO 4217 code : UYU ) was adopted in 1993 and is subdivided into 100 centésimos . There are no centésimo coins currently in circulation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/75th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 75th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) took place on March 23 , 2003 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories honoring films released in 2002 . The ceremony , televised in the United States by ABC , was produced by Gil Cates and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz . Actor Steve Martin hosted for the second time , having previously presided over the 73rd ceremony held in 2001 . Three weeks earlier in a ceremony at Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California held on March 1 , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Kate Hudson . Chicago won six awards including Best Picture . Other winners included The Pianist with three awards , Frida and The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers with two , and Adaptation , Bowling for Columbine , The ChubbChubbs ! , 8 Mile , The Hours , Nowhere in Africa , Road to Perdition , Spirited Away , Talk to Her , This Charming Man , and Twin Towers with one . The telecast garnered about 33 million viewers in the United States , making it the least-watched and lowest-rated televised Oscar ceremony to that point ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wombling_Free", "text": "Wombling Free is a 1977 British film adaption of the children 's television series The Wombles . Directed by Lionel Jeffries , it stars The Wombles , David Tomlinson , Frances de la Tour , and Bonnie Langford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windy_City_ThunderBolts", "text": "The Windy City ThunderBolts are a professional baseball team based in the Chicago suburb of Crestwood , Illinois , in the United States . The ThunderBolts are a member of the Frontier League , which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball . From the 1999 season to the present , the ThunderBolts have played their home games at Ozinga Field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Despacito", "text": "Despacito ( American Spanish : [ despa'sito ] ; transl . Slowly ) is a song by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi featuring Puerto Rican rapper Daddy Yankee from Fonsi 's 2019 studio album Vida . On January 12 , 2017 , Universal Music Latin released Despacito and its music video , which shows both artists performing the song in La Perla neighborhood of Old San Juan , Puerto Rico and the local bar La Factoría . The song was written by Fonsi , Erika Ender , and Daddy Yankee , and was produced by Mauricio Rengifo and Andrés Torres . A remix version featuring Canadian singer Justin Bieber was released on April 17 , 2017 , which helped to improve the song 's chart performance in numerous countries , including various number-one positions . Despacito has been widely credited by music journalists as being instrumental in popularizing Spanish-language pop music in the mainstream market again . The worldwide increase of Latin pop music consumption from 2017 onwards has been referred to as the 'Despacito ' effect . It is a reggaeton and Latin pop song composed in common time with lyrics about having a sexual relationship , performed in a smooth and romantic way . Commercially , the song topped the charts of 47 countries and reached the top 10 of six others , making it both Fonsi 's and Daddy Yankee 's most successful single to date . In the United States , it became the first song primarily in Spanish to top the Billboard Hot 100 since Macarena ( Bayside Boys Mix ) in 1996 , subsequently tying the longest-reigning number one on the Billboard Hot 100 at the time with 16 weeks , as well as becoming the longest-running number-one on the Hot Latin Songs chart with 56 weeks . It also became the first Latin song to receive a diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . Internationally , it broke the record for most weeks at number one in Switzerland and Germany and became the longest-reigning foreign language number-one in the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas", "text": "Texas ( /ˈtɛksəs/ , locally /ˈtɛksɪz/ ; Spanish : Texas or Tejas , pronounced [ ˈtexas ] ( listen ) ) is the second largest state in the United States by area ( after Alaska ) and population ( after California ) . Located in the South Central region , Texas shares borders with the states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , and has a coastline with the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast . Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth largest in the U.S. , while San Antonio is the second-most populous in the state and seventh largest in the U.S. Dallas-Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country , respectively . Other major cities include Austin , the second-most populous state capital in the U.S. , and El Paso . Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State for its former status as an independent republic , and as a reminder of the state 's struggle for independence from Mexico . The Lone Star can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal . The origin of Texas 's name is from the word taysha , which means friends in the Caddo language . Due to its size and geologic features such as the Balcones Fault , Texas contains diverse landscapes common to both the U.S. Southern and Southwestern regions . Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10% of Texas 's land area is desert . Most of the population centers are in areas of former prairies , grasslands , forests , and the coastline . Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend . The term six flags over Texas [ note 1 ] refers to several nations that have ruled over the territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirghiz_Autonomous_Socialist_Soviet_Republic_(1920–1925)", "text": "The Kirghiz Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic ( Russian : Киргизская Автономная Социалистическая Советская Республика ; Kazakh : Қырғыз Автономиялы Социалистік Кеңес Республикасы , Qyrǵyz Avtonomııaly Sotsıalıstik Keńes Respýblıkasy ) was an autonomous republic within the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic that existed from 26 August 1920 until 15 June 1925 on the territory of the Kazakh Khanate , when it took the name of Kazakh Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic , based on the autonym Kazakh . Despite the name , it incorporated no part of the future Kyrgyz SSR or modern-day Kyrgyzstan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/X_Corps_(India)", "text": "X Corps is a corps of the Indian Army . It is based in Bhatinda and is a part of South Western Command . It was formed around 1976 , and 18th Infantry Division was raised at about the same time . The 24th Infantry Division was formed in 1978 . ( Renaldi and Rikhye 2011 , 26 ) X Corps had been raised at Bhatinda to reduce XI Corps ' load , while the new corps took over south Punjab and north Rajasthan . It has two of the army 's Reorganised Army Plains Infantry Divisions ( RAPIDs ) . It consists of :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Imperial_Beach", "text": "Naval Outlying Landing Field Imperial Beach or NOLF Imperial Beach ( IATA : NRS , ICAO : KNRS , FAA LID : NRS ) is a United States Navy facility for helicopters , situated on 1,204 acres ( 5 km2 ) approximately 14 miles ( 23 km ) south of San Diego and within the city limits of Imperial Beach , California . It is known as The Helicopter Capital of the World ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mexico", "text": "Mexico ( Spanish : México [ ˈmexiko ] ( listen ) ; Nahuatl languages : Mēxihco ) , officially the United Mexican States ( UMS ; Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos , EUM [ esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos ] ( listen ) , lit . Mexican United States ) , is a country in the southern portion of North America . It is bordered to the north by the United States ; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; to the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico . Covering almost 2,000,000 square kilometers ( 770,000 sq mi ) , the nation is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent state in the world . With an estimated population of over 129 million people , Mexico is the tenth most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world , while being the second most populous nation in Latin America after Brazil . Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states plus Mexico City ( CDMX ) , which is the capital city and its most populous city . Other metropolises in the country include Guadalajara , Monterrey , Puebla , Toluca , Tijuana , and León . Pre-Columbian Mexico dates to about 8000 BC and is identified as one of six cradles of civilization and was home to many advanced Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Olmec , Toltec , Teotihuacan , Zapotec , Maya , and Aztec before first contact with Europeans . In 1521 , the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its politically powerful base in Mexico-Tenochtitlan ( part of Mexico City ) , which was administered as the viceroyalty of New Spain . The Roman Catholic Church played a powerful role in governing the country as millions were converted to the faith , although King Charles III expelled the Jesuits in the 1770s . The territory became a nation state following its recognition in 1821 after the Mexican War of Independence . The post-independence period was tumultuous , characterized by economic inequality and many contrasting political changes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MOF_F.C.", "text": "The Ministry of Finance Football Club is a professional football club based in Putrajaya , Malaysia . They currently play in the third-tier division in Malaysian football , the Malaysia FAM League . The football team is managed under the sports and recreational club of Malaysian Ministry of Finance , the Khazanah Treasury Club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/G.I._Joe:_The_Rise_of_Cobra", "text": "G.I . Joe : The Rise of Cobra is a 2009 American military science fiction action film based on the toy franchise created by Hasbro , with particular inspiration from the comic book series and toy line G.I . Joe : A Real American Hero . It is the first installment in the live-action G.I . Joe film series . The film was directed by Stephen Sommers . G.I . Joe features an ensemble cast based on the various characters of the franchise . The story follows two American soldiers , Duke and Ripcord , who join the G.I . Joe Team after being attacked by Military Armaments Research Syndicate ( M.A.R.S . ) troops . After leaked drafts of the script were criticized by fans , Larry Hama , writer of the comic , was hired as creative consultant , and rewrites were made ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leo_Sayer", "text": "Leo Sayer ( born Gerard Hugh Sayer , 21 May 1948 ) is an English-Australian singer-songwriter musician and entertainer whose singing career has spanned four decades . He is now an Australian citizen and resident . Sayer launched his career in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s , and became a top singles and album act on both sides of the Atlantic in the 1970s . His first seven hit singles in the United Kingdom all reached the Top 10 - a feat first registered by his first manager , Adam Faith . His songs have been sung by other notable artists , including Cliff Richard ( Dreaming ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leni_Reifenstahl", "text": "Helene Bertha Amalie Leni Riefenstahl ( German : [ ˈʁiːfn̩ʃtaːl ] ; 22 August 1902 - 8 September 2003 ) was a German film director and actress . A talented swimmer and artist , she also became interested in dancing during her childhood , taking dancing lessons and performing across Europe . After seeing a promotional poster for the 1924 film Der Berg des Schicksals ( The Mountain of Destiny ) , Riefenstahl was inspired to move into acting . Between 1925 and 1929 , she starred in five successful motion pictures . Riefenstahl became one of the few women in Germany to direct a film during the Weimar Period when , in 1932 , she decided to try directing with her own film called Das Blaue Licht ( The Blue Light ) . In the 1930s , she directed the Nazi propaganda films Triumph des Willens ( Triumph of the Will ) and Olympia , resulting in worldwide attention and acclaim . The movies are widely considered two of the most effective , and technically innovative , propaganda films ever made . Her involvement in Triumph des Willens , however , significantly damaged her career and reputation after the war . Hitler was in close collaboration with Riefenstahl during the production of at least three important Nazi films , and they formed a friendly relationship . Some have argued that Riefenstahl 's visions were essential to the carrying out of the mission of the Holocaust . After the war , Riefenstahl was arrested , but classified as being a fellow traveler or Nazi sympathizer only and was not associated with war crimes . Throughout her life , she denied having known about the Holocaust ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaguar_Racing", "text": "Jaguar Racing is the name given to Jaguar 's racing interests . It currently competes in Formula E under the name Panasonic Jaguar Racing . It was previously a Formula One constructor that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Glanville_(judge)", "text": "Sir John Glanville ( 1542 - 27 July 1600 ) , the elder , of Kilworthy , Tavistock , in Devon , was an English Member of Parliament and judge and was the first judge recorded as having reached the bench after beginning his career as an attorney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fosshaugane_Campus", "text": "Fosshaugane Campus is the current home ground for the football team , Sogndal Fotball . It is also a combined with a school 's campus , from where it got its name . The stadium was inaugurated on 7 July 2006 when Sogndal beat Bryne 2-0 . In a 2012 survey carried out by the Norwegian Players ' Association among away-team captains , Fosshaugane was ranked lowest amongst league stadiums , with a score of 1.93 on a scale from one to five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Narbonne", "text": "Narbonne ( /nɑːrˈbɒn/ , also US : /-ˈbɔːn , -ˈbʌn/ , French : [ naʁbɔn ] ; Occitan : Narbona [ naɾˈbunɔ ] ; Latin : Narbo [ ˈna ( ː ) rboː ] ; Late Latin : Narbona ) is a commune in southern France in the Occitanie region . It lies 849 km ( 528 mi ) from Paris in the Aude department , of which it is a sub-prefecture . It is located about 15 km ( 9 mi ) from the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and was historically a prosperous port , but declined from the 14th century following a change in the course of the Aude River . It is marginally the largest commune in Aude , although the prefecture is the slightly smaller commune of Carcassonne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London-Gatwick", "text": "Gatwick Airport ( /ˈɡætwɪk/ ) , also known as London Gatwick ( IATA : LGW , ICAO : EGKK ) , is a major international airport near Crawley in West Sussex , southeast England , 29.5 miles ( 47.5 km ) south of Central London . It is the second-busiest airport by total passenger traffic in the UK , after Heathrow Airport . Gatwick is the ninth-busiest airport in Europe . It covers a total area of 674 hectares ( 1,670 acres ) . Gatwick opened as an aerodrome in the late 1920s ; it has been in use for commercial flights since 1933 . The airport has two terminals , the North Terminal and the South Terminal , which cover areas of 98,000 m2 ( 117,000 sq yd ) and 160,000 m2 ( 190,000 sq yd ) respectively . It operates as a single-runway airport , using a main runway with a length of 3,316 m ( 10,879 ft ) . A secondary runway is available but , due to its proximity to the main runway , can only be used if that is out of use . In 2018 , 46.1 million passengers passed through the airport , a 1.1% increase compared with 2017 . As of 2019 , Gatwick is the second busiest airport in the world to operate only one runway ( after Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport ; until 2017 , Gatwick was the busiest ) with a passenger use of 46 million in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pardeeville_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Pardeeville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 105 South Main Street in Pardeeville , Wisconsin . Pardeeville 's Presbyterian congregation , which was founded in 1857 , built the church from 1863 to 1865 . The congregation copied the church 's Greek Revival design from the Welsh Congregation Church in nearby Cambria . At the time , Greek Revival churches were rare in Wisconsin , as the style was more common in residential buildings . The church 's front entrance is flanked by pilasters and topped by a transom and a dentillated cornice . A pediment tops the front facade , and a louvered belfry and copper spire rise above the pediment . The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 15 , 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_South_Korean_films_of_2011", "text": "This is a list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Be_Without_You", "text": "Be Without You is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige . It was written by Johnta Austin , Bryan Michael Cox , Jason Perry and Blige for her seventh studio album , The Breakthrough . Produced by Cox and Ron Fair , it was released as the album 's first official single in late 2005 . Ranking among the most played songs on US radio in the year 2006 , the single was certified double-platinum by the RIAA in 2007 . In March 2017 , Billboard Magazine ranked Be Without You as the most successful R & B/Hip-Hop Song of all time . It is also one of Mary J. Blige 's most successful singles to date , peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 . The song was nominated for Record of the Year and Song of the Year and won the Best R & B Song and Best Female R & B Vocal Performance categories at the 2007 Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dsign_Music", "text": "Dsign Music is a songwriting/production company originally from Trondheim , Norway . Dsign Music was formed in 2005 by Robin Jenssen , Anne Judith Stokke Wik , Nermin Harambašić and Ronny Vidar Svendsen . Since the beginning they have been involved in numerous # 1 singles worldwide , a total of 39 # 1 's on different Billboard Charts and multiple platinum and diamond albums . Dsign Music are also involved in other ventures such as music publishing , musicals , TV-shows , music applications and movie scores . The team was signed to a publishing deal with Universal Music Publishing Group from 2008 to 2016 , they are now signed to a division of CTGA ( Culture Technology Group Asia ) , called EKKO Music Rights , which they co-own and co-founded together with Lee Soo-man ( founder of S.M . Entertainment in Seoul , Korea ) , Pelle Lidell ( former Head of A & R for Universal Music Publishing in Europe ) and Hayden Bell ( former Head of A & R at Sony Music Asia ) . Dsign Music is represented worldwide by SESAC since 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joseph_Dreher", "text": "Joseph Dreher ( 15 May 1884 - 1941 ) was a French athlete . He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London . In the 1500 metres , Dreher placed fifth and last in his initial semifinal heat and did not advance to the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detective_Comics", "text": "Detective Comics is an American comic book series published by DC Comics . The first volume , published from 1937 to 2011 ( and later continued in 2016 ) , is best known for introducing the superhero Batman in Detective Comics # 27 ( cover-dated May 1939 ) . A second series of the same title was launched in the fall of 2011 , but in 2016 reverted to the original volume numbering . The series is the source of its publishing company 's name , and - along with Action Comics , the series that launched with the debut of Superman - one of the medium 's signature series . The series published 881 issues between 1937 and 2011 and is the longest continuously published comic book in the United States . [ Note 1 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Drake_(musician)", "text": "Aubrey Drake Graham ( born October 24 , 1986 ) is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , producer , actor , and businessman . Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi : The Next Generation in the 2000s ; intent on pursuing a career in music , he left the series in 2007 after releasing his debut mixtape Room for Improvement . He released two further independent projects , Comeback Season and So Far Gone , before signing to Young Money Entertainment in June 2009 . Drake released his debut studio album Thank Me Later in 2010 , which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 and was soon certified platinum . His next two releases , 2011 's Take Care and 2013 's Nothing Was the Same , were critically and commercially successful ; the former earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album . In 2015 , he released two mixtapes - the trap-influenced If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late and a collaboration with Future titled What a Time to Be Alive - both of which earned platinum certification in the U.S. His fourth album , Views ( 2016 ) , broke several chart records . The dancehall-influenced album sat atop the Billboard 200 for 13 nonconsecutive weeks , becoming the first album by a male solo artist to do so in over a decade . The album 's second single , One Dance , topped the charts in several countries , and became his first number-one single as a lead artist . That year , Drake led both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Billboard 200 charts simultaneously for eight weeks . Views achieved quadruple platinum status in the US , and earned over 1 million album-equivalent units in the first week of its release , and became Drake 's best-selling album to date . Its lead single Hotline Bling peaked at number two on the Hot 100 and received Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Performance and Best Rap Song . In 2017 , he released the playlist More Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toronto_Maple_Leafs", "text": "The Toronto Maple Leafs , officially the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club and often simply referred to as the Leafs , are a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The club is owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment , Ltd. and are represented by Chairman Larry Tanenbaum . The Maple Leafs ' broadcasting rights are split between BCE Inc. and Rogers Communications . For their first 14 seasons , the club played their home games at the Mutual Street Arena , before moving to Maple Leaf Gardens in 1931 . The Maple Leafs moved to their present home , Scotiabank Arena ( originally named the Air Canada Centre ) in February 1999 . The club was founded in 1917 , operating simply as Toronto and known then as the Toronto Arenas . Under new ownership , the club was renamed the Toronto St. Patricks in 1919 . In 1927 the club was purchased by Conn Smythe and renamed the Maple Leafs . A member of the Original Six , the club was one of six NHL teams to have endured through the period of League retrenchment during the Great Depression . The club has won thirteen Stanley Cup championships , second only to the 24 championships of the Montreal Canadiens . The Maple Leafs history includes two recognized dynasties , from 1947 to 1951 ; and from 1962 to 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delta—Richmond_East", "text": "Delta - Richmond East was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 until 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kefe_Eyalet", "text": "The Eyalet of Kefe or Caffa ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت كفه ; Eyālet-i Kefê ) was an eyalet of the Ottoman Empire . The eyalet stretched across the northern coast of the Black Sea with the main sanjak ( Pasha sanjak ) being located in the southern coast of Crimea . The eyalet was under direct Ottoman rule , completely separate from the Khanate of Crimea . Its capital was at Kefe , the Turkish name for Caffa ( modern Feodosiya in Crimea ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kaija_Parve", "text": "Kaija Parve-Helinurm ( born 14 June 1964 in Tallinn ) is a former and so far most successful Estonian biathlete . She used to be a cross-country skier ( became Estonian champion in 1983 ) , but after hearing that there was a possibility to participate in World Championships , Parve switched to biathlon . After spending 7 years with Soviet biathlon team , she retired in 1990 due to pregnancy and getting married . In 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , women 's biathlon was held for the first time . The contestants , who won medals , had been beaten by Kaija with several minutes just few years earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balclutha,_New_Zealand", "text": "Balclutha ( Māori : Iwikatea ) is a town in Otago , lying towards the end of the Clutha River , on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand . It is about halfway between Dunedin and Invercargill on the Main South Line railway , State Highway 1 and the Southern Scenic Route . Balclutha has a population of 3,990 ( as of June 2018 ) , and is the largest town in South Otago . The Clutha District Council is based in Balclutha . The major service center for the fertile farming region around the lower reaches of the Clutha River , it is also the nearest large town to the Catlins , a scenic region of native forest , wildlife , and rugged coastline ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trinity_test", "text": "Trinity was the code name of the first detonation of a nuclear device . It was conducted by the United States Army at 5:29 a.m. on July 16 , 1945 , as part of the Manhattan Project . The test was conducted in the Jornada del Muerto desert about 35 miles ( 56 km ) southeast of Socorro , New Mexico , on what was then the USAAF Alamogordo Bombing and Gunnery Range , now part of White Sands Missile Range . The only structures originally in the vicinity were the McDonald Ranch House and its ancillary buildings , which scientists used as a laboratory for testing bomb components . A base camp was constructed , and there were 425 people present on the weekend of the test . The code name Trinity was assigned by J. Robert Oppenheimer , the director of the Los Alamos Laboratory , inspired by the poetry of John Donne . The test was of an implosion-design plutonium device , informally nicknamed The Gadget , of the same design as the Fat Man bomb later detonated over Nagasaki , Japan , on August 9 , 1945 . The complexity of the design required a major effort from the Los Alamos Laboratory , and concerns about whether it would work led to a decision to conduct the first nuclear test . The test was planned and directed by Kenneth Bainbridge . Fears of a fizzle led to the construction of a steel containment vessel called Jumbo that could contain the plutonium , allowing it to be recovered , but Jumbo was not used . A rehearsal was held on May 7 , 1945 , in which 108 short tons ( 96 long tons ; 98 t ) of high explosive spiked with radioactive isotopes were detonated . The Gadget 's detonation released the explosive energy of about 22 kilotons of TNT ( 92 TJ ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Warwick", "text": "The University of Warwick ( /ˈwɒrɪk/ ) ( abbreviated as Warw . in post-nominal letters ) is a public research university on the outskirts of Coventry between the West Midlands and Warwickshire , England . It was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand higher education . Within the University , Warwick Business School was established in 1967 , Warwick Law School was established in 1968 , Warwick Manufacturing Group ( now WMG ) was established in 1980 and Warwick Medical School was opened in 2000 . Warwick incorporated Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004 . Warwick is primarily based on a 290 ha ( 720 acres ) campus on the outskirts of Coventry , with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne and a central London base at the Shard . It is organised into three faculties - Arts , Science Engineering and Medicine , and Social Sciences - within which there are 32 departments . As of 2019 , Warwick has around 26,531 full-time students and 2,492 academic and research staff . It had a consolidated income of £631.5 million in 2017/18 , of which £126.5 million was from research grants and contracts . Warwick Arts Centre , a multi-venue arts complex in the university 's main campus , is the largest venue of its kind in the UK outside London . Warwick consistently ranks in the top ten of all major domestic rankings of British universities . Warwick is ranked 7th in the UK for its research , according to the Research Excellence Framework ( REF ) 2014 by GPA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felix_Mitchell", "text": "Felix Wayne Mitchell Jr. ( August 23 , 1954 - August 21 , 1986 ) was a convicted drug lord from Oakland , California and leader of the 69 Mob criminal organization , which operated throughout California and into the midwest . He was known as Felix the Cat after the cartoon character ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raoul_de_Boigne", "text": "Raoul Marie Joseph Count de Boigne ( 25 December 1862 - 19 May 1949 ) was a French sport shooter who competed at the 1906 Intercalated Games , the 1908 Summer Olympics and 1912 Summer Olympics . He was born in Geneva , Switzerland and died in Ouveillan , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Idaho", "text": "Idaho ( /ˈaɪdəhoʊ/ ( listen ) ) is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States . It borders the state of Montana to the east and northeast , Wyoming to the east , Nevada and Utah to the south , and Washington and Oregon to the west . To the north , it shares a small portion of the Canadian border with the province of British Columbia . With a population of approximately 1.7 million and an area of 83,569 square miles ( 216,440 km2 ) , Idaho is the 14th largest , the 12th least populous and the 7th least densely populated of the 50 U.S. states . The state 's capital and largest city is Boise . Idaho prior to European settlement was inhabited by Native American peoples , some of whom still live in the area . In the early 19th century , Idaho was considered part of the Oregon Country , an area disputed between the U.S. and the United Kingdom . It officially became U.S. territory with the signing of the Oregon Treaty of 1846 , but a separate Idaho Territory was not organized until 1863 , instead being included for periods in Oregon Territory and Washington Territory . Idaho was eventually admitted to the Union on July 3 , 1890 , becoming the 43rd state . Forming part of the Pacific Northwest ( and the associated Cascadia bioregion ) , Idaho is divided into several distinct geographic and climatic regions . The state 's north , the relatively isolated Idaho Panhandle , is closely linked with Eastern Washington with which it shares the Pacific Time Zone - the rest of the state uses the Mountain Time Zone . The state 's south includes the Snake River Plain ( which has most of the population and agricultural land ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Malaysia_Super_League", "text": "The 2013 Liga Super ( English : 2013 Super League ) also known as the Astro Liga Super for sponsorship reasons is the 10th season of the Liga Super , the top-tier professional football league in Malaysia . The season was held from 8 January and concluded in 6 July 2013 . The Liga Super champions for 2013 was LionsXII ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canard-Duchêne", "text": "Canard-Duchêne is a Champagne house founded in 1868 and currently part of the Thiénot group , owner of its own label Champagne Thiénot , plus Joseph Perrier and Marie Stuart . The House was founded by Victor Canard and Léonie Duchêne , who gave their names to the champagne house ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005–06_Philadelphia_Flyers_season", "text": "The 2005-06 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Flyers ' 39th season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Flyers lost in the first round of the playoffs to the Buffalo Sabres in six games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Catharines_Roma_Wolves", "text": "St. Catharines Wolves ( also known as St. Catharines Roma Wolves or simply Roma Wolves ) , are a Canadian soccer team , founded in 1967 . The club is a former member of the Canadian Soccer League ( CSL ) , where it fielded a professional team from 1998-2013 , and now operates youth teams in the Peninsula Soccer League . Teams play out of Club Roma in St. Catharines , Ontario in the Niagara Peninsula . The team 's colors are dark red and white , mimicking those of the famous Italian club A.S. Roma . Formed in 1967 as Club Roma Soccer Association and competed in various local leagues . In 1977 the club renamed itself the St. Catharines Roma , and joined the National Soccer League . The club went through a golden era in the 1990s , and early 2000s winning several trophies in the National Soccer League , and the Canadian Professional Soccer League . After winning the CPSL Championship in 2001 , the team went into a decline and briefly rebounded in 2007 with a division title . Shortly after St. Catharines went through another rebuilding period , but failed to see its fruits as the club ceased fielding a professional team in 2014 after the de-sanctioning of the CSL by the Canadian Soccer Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bangladesh_National_Cricket_Team", "text": "The Bangladesh men 's national cricket team ( Bengali : বাংলাদেশ জাতীয় ক্রিকেট দল ) , popularly known as , The Tigers [ citation needed ] is administered by the Bangladesh Cricket Board ( BCB ) . It is a Full Member of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) with Test and One-Day International ( ODI ) status . It played its first Test match in November 2000 against India in Dhaka , becoming the tenth Test-playing nation . Bangladesh 's first official foray into international cricket came in the 1979 ICC Trophy in England . On 31 March 1986 , Bangladesh played its first ODI match , against Pakistan in the Asia Cup . For a long time , football was the most popular sport in Bangladesh , but cricket gradually became very popular - particularly in urban areas - and by the late 1990s had surpassed football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guánica,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Guánica ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈɡwanika ] ) is a town and municipality in southern Puerto Rico , bordering the Caribbean Sea , south of Sabana Grande , east of Lajas , and west of Yauco . It is part of the Yauco metropolitan statistical area . The town of Guánica , also known as Pueblo de Guánica , is the principal town of the municipality . The town 's population in 2000 was 9,247 people among 3,808 housing units over a land area of 2.49 square miles ( 6.45 km2 ) . The town is located on a deeply indented harbor of the same name . The harbor resembles a tropical fjord , narrow and bordered by rugged hills , barely a quarter-mile wide , but about two miles ( 3.2 km ) from mouth to the town . The town is about 100 miles ( 160 km ) and over two hours ' driving distance from San Juan , the capital city of the island , and about 20 miles ( 30 km ) west of Ponce , another principal city of the island . Guánica 's postal zip code is 00653 and telephone area codes are 787 and 939 . The urban area of Ensenada has a separate postal zip code of 00647 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhode_Island", "text": "Rhode Island ( /ˌroʊd -/ ( listen ) , like road ) , officially the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , is a state in the New England region of the United States . It is the smallest U.S. state by area and the seventh least populous , but it is also the second most densely populated . Rhode Island is bordered by Connecticut to the west , Massachusetts to the north and east , and the Atlantic Ocean to the south via Rhode Island Sound and Block Island Sound . It also shares a small maritime border with New York . Providence is the state capital and most populous city in Rhode Island . On May 4 , 1776 , the Colony of Rhode Island was the first of the Thirteen Colonies to renounce its allegiance to the British Crown , and it was the fourth among the newly independent states to ratify the Articles of Confederation on February 9 , 1778 . The state boycotted the 1787 convention which drew up the United States Constitution and initially refused to ratify it ; it was the last of the original 13 states to do so on May 29 , 1790 . Rhode Island 's official nickname is The Ocean State , a reference to the large bays and inlets that amount to about 14 percent of its total area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1977_U.S._Open_(tennis)", "text": "The 1977 US Open was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor clay courts at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills , Queens , in New York , United States . The tournament ran from 29 August until 11 September . It was the 97th staging of the US Open , and the fourth Grand Slam tennis event of 1977 . This was the third and final year in which the US Open was played on clay courts . After 68 years it was the final time the championship was played at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills before moving to Flushing Meadows for the 1978 tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicolas_Boulay", "text": "Nicolas Boulay ( born August 18 , 1989 ) is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent . He most recently played for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was drafted 30th overall in the 2013 CFL Draft by the Alouettes and signed with the team on May 13 , 2013 . He played CIS football with the Sherbrooke Vert et Or ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mutiny_on_the_Bunny", "text": "Mutiny on the Bunny is a Looney Tunes cartoon short starring Bugs Bunny , directed by Friz Freleng and released by Warner Brothers studios in 1950 . The cartoon was made in 1948 but not released until 1950 . It features Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam as Shanghai Sam . It is one of three nautical-themed shorts with Sam as a pirate , along with Buccaneer Bunny ( 1947 ) and Captain Hareblower ( 1954 ) . The title is a reference to the film Mutiny on the Bounty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bedok_Stadium", "text": "Bedok Stadium is a football stadium located in Bedok , Singapore . The stadium is open daily from 4:30am till 8:30pm to the public , unless it is exclusively booked . The stadium is managed by the Singapore Sports Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massimo_Boldi", "text": "Massimo Antonio Boldi ( born July 23 , 1945 ) is an Italian stand-up comedian and actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerry_Francis", "text": "Gerald Charles James Francis ( born 6 December 1951 ) is an English former footballer and manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kedah_FA", "text": "Kedah Football Association ( Malay : Persatuan Bola Sepak Kedah ) is a football association that supervises football in the state of Kedah , Malaysia . They are the only team in the history of Malaysian football to have achieved treble titles twice , in 2006-07 and 2007-08 seasons . Kedah FA is a professional football team from Malaysia that is based in Alor Setar . It represents the state of Kedah , under the supervision of Kedah Football Association . Kedah FA currently plays in the Malaysia Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sariosiyo_District", "text": "Sariosiyo district or Sariosiyo tumani ( Cyrillic : Сариосиё тумани ) is a district in Surxondaryo Region , Uzbekistan . Its capital is the town of Sariosiyo . There are one city ( Shargʻun ) , one town ( Sariosiyo ) and nine villages holding official status ( Boʻston , Dashnabod , Navroʻz , Sangardak , Sariosiyo , Soʻfiyon , Toqchiyon , Xufar , Oʻzbekiston ) . Sariosiyo district was founded on September 29 , 1926 . It was merged into Denov District on December 24 , 1962 and re-established on February 22 , 1964 . Total area is 3,930 sq . kilometer . Population is 180,500 ( 1996 statistics ) The center of Sariosiyo district is 180 km north of the provincial capital Termez ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_and_Wendy", "text": "Peter Pan ; or , the Boy Who Would n't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is a 1904 play and a 1911 novel by J. M. Barrie . Both versions tell the story of Peter Pan , a mischievous yet innocent little boy who can fly , and has many adventures on the island of Neverland that is inhabited by mermaids , fairies , Native Americans and pirates . The Peter Pan stories also involve the characters Wendy Darling and her two brothers , Peter 's fairy Tinker Bell , the Lost Boys , and the pirate Captain Hook . The play and novel were inspired by Barrie 's friendship with the Llewelyn Davies family . Barrie continued to revise the play for years after its debut until publication of the play script in 1928 . The play debuted in London on 27 December 1904 with Nina Boucicault , daughter of playwright Dion Boucicault , in the title role . A Broadway production was mounted in 1905 starring Maude Adams . It was later revived with such actresses as Marilyn Miller and Eva Le Gallienne . The play has since been adapted as a pantomime , stage musical , a television special , and several films , including a 1924 silent film , the 1953 Disney animated film , and a 2003 live action production . The play is now rarely performed in its original form on stage in the United Kingdom , whereas pantomime adaptations are frequently staged around Christmas . In the U.S. , the original version has also been supplanted in popularity by the 1954 musical version , which became popular on television . The novel was first published in 1911 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom , and Charles Scribner 's Sons in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Karlos_Labajo", "text": "Juan Karlos Labajo ( Tagalog : [ hwan ˈkaɾlos lɐˈbaho ] ; born February 5 , 2001 ) is a Filipino singer-songwriter , guitarist , television personality and occasional actor . He is co-managed by ABS-CBN 's Star Magic and MCA Music Inc. ( Philippines ) . He is currently the frontman of the band Juan Karlos . He auditioned for ABS-CBN 's reality singing competition The Voice Kids ( Philippines season 1 ) shown from June to July 2014 . He finished third place . After his stint at The Voice Kids , he debuted his acting career in the drama anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya playing himself for his own life story . He also played the role of Charles Kenneth CK Rodriguez in Hawak-Kamay in 2014 and as Vincent Amboy Mobido in Pangako Sa 'Yo from 2015 up to 2016 . He also played as Lucas Noble , the son of Ian Veneracion and Iza Calzado 's characters in the defunct Philippine romantic family drama A Love to Last ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isle_of_Bute", "text": "The Isle of Bute ( Scottish Gaelic : Eilean Bhòid or An t-Eilean Bòdach ) , known as Bute ( /bjuːt/ ) , is an island in the Firth of Clyde in Scotland , United Kingdom . It is divided into highland and lowland areas by the Highland Boundary Fault . Formerly a constituent island of the larger County of Bute , it is now part of the council area of Argyll and Bute . Bute 's resident population was 6,498 in 2011 , a decline of just over 10% from the figure of 7,228 recorded in 2001 against a background of Scottish island populations as a whole growing by 4% to 103,702 for the same period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Fountain", "text": "Christopher Ryan Chris Fountain ( born 3 September 1987 ) is an English actor , rapper and disc jockey . He is known for his roles as Justin Burton in Hollyoaks and as Tommy Duckworth in Coronation Street ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gramercy_Pictures", "text": "Gramercy Pictures is a currently dormant American film production label of Universal Studios ' Focus Features division , both of which are owned by NBCUniversal which is ultimately owned by Comcast . It was founded in May 1992 as a joint venture between PolyGram Filmed Entertainment and Universal Pictures . Gramercy was the distributor of PolyGram films in the United States and Canada and also served as Universal 's art-house division . After Seagram 's buyout of PolyGram , Gramercy along with October Films were merged by Barry Diller to form USA Films in 1999 . In 2015 , Focus Features ( the current art-house division for Universal ) revived the name as a label for action , horror and sci-fi genre films ; the label went silent after the release of Ratchet & Clank ."}
{"title": "/wiki/File:De-Genf.ogg", "text": "German pronunciation of Genf ( Genève ; Swiss canton and city ) . Standard German ( Hochdeutsch ) as spoken by a Swiss person ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Justin_Jesso", "text": "Justin Stein also known as Justin Jesso is an American singer and songwriter . He is best known for his work as co-writer and featured artist on Kygos Stargazing , released in 2017 , hitting over 170 million streams . As a songwriter , he has written songs for HRVY , AJ Mitchell , The Backstreet Boys and Armin van Buuren . In 2017 , he was nominated for Song of the Year at the Latin Grammy Awards for his single Vente Pa ' Ca , which he co-wrote for Ricky Martin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Trek_Into_Darkness", "text": "Star Trek Into Darkness is a 2013 American science fiction action film directed by J. J. Abrams and written by Roberto Orci , Alex Kurtzman , and Damon Lindelof . It is the twelfth installment in the Star Trek film franchise and the sequel to the 2009 film Star Trek , as the second in a rebooted film series . The film features Chris Pine reprising his role as Captain James T. Kirk , with Zachary Quinto , Simon Pegg , Karl Urban , Zoe Saldana , John Cho , Anton Yelchin , Bruce Greenwood , and Leonard Nimoy reprising their roles from the previous film . Benedict Cumberbatch , Alice Eve and Peter Weller are also credited in the film 's principal cast . It was the last time Nimoy would portray the character of Spock before his death in 2015 . Set in the 23rd century , Kirk and the crew of USS Enterprise are sent to the Klingon homeworld seeking former Starfleet member-turned terrorist John Harrison . After the release of Star Trek , Abrams , Burk , Lindelof , Kurtzman , and Orci agreed to produce its sequel . Filming began in January 2012 . Into Darkness 's visual effects were primarily created by Industrial Light & Magic . The film was converted to 3D during its post-production stage . Star Trek Into Darkness premiered at Event Cinemas in Sydney , Australia , on April 23 , 2013 , and was released on May 9 in Australia , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , Europe , and Peru , with other countries following . The film was released on May 17 in the United States and Canada , opening at IMAX cinemas a day earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/College_Hill_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "College Hill Presbyterian Church , located just outside Oxford , Mississippi at College Hill , is an historic church and a member of the Presbyterian Church in America ( PCA ) . It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places . This fellowship of Christians was organized as a local church on January 11 , 1835 , in the home of Alexander Shaw , one of the early Scot-Irish settlers in North Mississippi . Originally the church was named Neriah Church , but shortly thereafter it was redesignated Ebenezer Church . In 1836 members migrated to this area and on January 11 , 1841 , the church was renamed College Presbyterian Church in recognition of the founding of the North Mississippi College . In 1842 the congregation paid $ 400 for 23 acres ( 93,000 m2 ) on which to construct a public place of worship . The sanctuary , built in 1844 under the direction of Francis Timmons , is the oldest Presbyterian structure in North Mississippi and the oldest church building of any denomination in the Oxford area . Constructed of bricks fired on the site , the building was completed in 1846 at a total cost of $ 2,809,75 . The pulpit , the pews , and the pew gates are the original furnishings . Events of interest include the encampment of these grounds by Union troops of General Grant and General Sherman , and the marriage of author William Faulkner . The church is thought to be the model for some settings in Faulkner 's novels . The church cemetery contains a number of unmarked Union soldiers ' burial sites ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Katja_Seizinger", "text": "Katja Seizinger ( born 10 May 1972 ) is a former alpine ski racer , the most successful alpine racer from Germany . Born in Datteln , North Rhine-Westphalia , Seizinger won three Olympic gold and two bronze medals , and won eleven World Cup season titles : two overall , four downhill and five Super-G. She was a three-time winner of Germany 's sportswoman of the year award . With Olympic downhill victories in 1994 and 1998 , she became the first to win consecutive Olympic gold medals in the same alpine speed event , and also the first woman to successfully defend an Olympic alpine title . At the same Olympics Debora Compagnoni had the same record in Giant Slalom , becoming the first athlete to win 3 gold medals in 3 Olympics in a row ( in 2 different speciality ) . Seizinger injured both knees while training in June 1998 , sat out the entire 1999 season , then retired in April ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Codex_Trivulzianus", "text": "The Codex Trivulzianus is a manuscript by Leonardo da Vinci that originally contained 62 sheets , but today only 55 remain . It documents Leonardo 's attempts to improve his modest literary education , through long lists of learned words copied from authoritative lexical and grammatical sources . The manuscript also contains studies of military and religious architecture . The Codex Trivulzianus is kept at Sforza Castle in Milan , Italy , but is not normally available to the public . In the main museum a room also contains frescos painted by Leonardo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyrus_Thomas", "text": "Tyrus Wayne Thomas ( born August 17 , 1986 ) is an American former professional basketball player who last played for Eisbären Bremerhaven of the Basketball Bundesliga . He played college basketball for Louisiana State University ( LSU ) before being drafted fourth overall by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 2006 NBA draft . He was then traded to the Chicago Bulls where he went on to play three and a half seasons when in February 2010 , he was traded to the Charlotte Bobcats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Computer_engineer", "text": "Computer engineering ( CE ) is a branch of engineering that integrates several fields of computer science and electronic engineering required to develop computer hardware and software . Computer engineers usually have training in electronic engineering ( or electrical engineering ) , software design , and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering . Computer engineers are involved in many hardware and software aspects of computing , from the design of individual microcontrollers , microprocessors , personal computers , and supercomputers , to circuit design . This field of engineering not only focuses on how computer systems themselves work but also how they integrate into the larger picture . Usual tasks involving computer engineers include writing software and firmware for embedded microcontrollers , designing VLSI chips , designing analog sensors , designing mixed signal circuit boards , and designing operating systems . Computer engineers are also suited for robotics research , which relies heavily on using digital systems to control and monitor electrical systems like motors , communications , and sensors . In many institutions of higher learning , computer engineering students are allowed to choose areas of in-depth study in their junior and senior year because the full breadth of knowledge used in the design and application of computers is beyond the scope of an undergraduate degree . Other institutions may require engineering students to complete one or two years of general engineering before declaring computer engineering as their primary focus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emmanuel_Nicholas", "text": "Emmanuel Nicholas is a Sri Lankan Tamil , who was born in Sri Lanka on 2 January 1939 . Nicholas , a De La Salle Christian Brother , was 27 when he left Sri Lanka for Pakistan , to teach mathematics and science at La Salle High School Multan . He taught there until 1968 . His students included Yousuf Raza Gillani who become prime minister of Pakistan in March 2008 . As a De La Salle Brother , he considers his mission in life is to educate the poor in the slums and rural outbacks . When St. Vincents school , in Mian Channu on the Multan-Lahore road , wanted a principal in 1968 , Nicholas volunteered for the job . Mian Channu was a Christian village of about 600 families and the school was built for their children . Nicholas also considered former President Zia ul-Haq to be a close friend . He also attended Fordham University in New York City , where he earned a master 's degree in counseling . In 1979 , he left Pakistan to return to his native Sri Lanka . The President of Pakistan conferred the civil award of Tamgha-e-Imtiaz ( Medal of Pakistan ) on Bro . Emmanuel in recognition of his outstanding and meritorious services for the education sector in Pakistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mara_Lakić", "text": "Mara Lakić-Brčaninović ( born 18 August 1963 in Gradačac , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian basketball coach and former basketball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_BNP_Paribas_Open", "text": "The 2015 BNP Paribas Open ( also known as the 2015 Indian Wells Masters ) was a professional tennis tournament played at Indian Wells , California , in March 2015 . It was the 42nd edition of the men 's event ( 27th for the women ) , known as the BNP Paribas Open , and was classified as an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2015 ATP World Tour and a Premier Mandatory event on the 2015 WTA Tour . Both the men 's and the women 's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells , United States , from March 11 through March 22 , 2015 , on outdoor hard courts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Porcupine", "text": "Porcupines are large rodents with coats of sharp spines , or quills , that protect them against predators . The term covers two families of animals : the Old World porcupines of family Hystricidae , and the New World porcupines of family Erethizontidae . Both families belong to the infraorder Hystricognathi within the profoundly diverse order Rodentia and display superficially similar coats of quills : despite this , the two groups are distinct from each other and are not closely related to each other within the Hystricognathi . The Old World porcupines live in southern Europe , Asia ( western and southern ) , and most of Africa . They are large , terrestrial , and strictly nocturnal . In taxonomic terms , they form the family Hystricidae . The New World porcupines are indigenous to North America and northern South America . They live in wooded areas and can climb trees , where some species spend their entire lives . They are less strictly nocturnal than their Old World relatives , and generally smaller . In taxonomic terms , they form the family Erethizontidae . Most porcupines are about 60-90 cm ( 25-36 in ) long , with a 20-25 cm ( 8-10 in ) long tail . [ dubious - discuss ] Weighing 5-16 kg ( 12-35 lb ) , they are rounded , large , and slow , and use aposematic strategy of defence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCBA", "text": "KCBA , virtual channel 35 ( VHF digital channel 13 ) , is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Salinas , California , United States and serving the Monterey Bay area . The station is owned by Seal Rock Broadcasters ; Entravision Communications , which owns Monterey-licensed Univision affiliate KSMS-TV ( channel 67 ) and low-powered , Class A UniMás affiliate KDJT-CD ( channel 31 ) , operates KCBA under a local marketing agreement ( LMA ) . The three stations share studios on Garden Court in Monterey ; KCBA 's transmitter is located on Fremont Peak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/20th_Annual_Latin_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 20th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on Thursday , November 14 , 2019 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada and was broadcast on Univision . The telecast marked the 20th anniversary of the Latin Grammy Awards and honored outstanding achievements in Latin music released from June 1 , 2018 to May 31 , 2019 . Juanes was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on the night prior to the telecast . Nominations were announced on September 24 , 2019 . Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz led nominations with eight . Rosalía and Alejandro Sanz had the most wins with three awards each ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_FIFA_World_Cup", "text": "The 1994 FIFA World Cup was the 15th edition of the FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national soccer teams . It was hosted by the United States and took place from June 17 to July 17 , 1994 at nine venues across the country . The United States was chosen as the host by FIFA on July 4 , 1988 . Despite the host nation 's lack of soccer tradition , the tournament was the most financially successful in World Cup history ; aided by the high-capacity stadiums in the United States , it broke the World Cup average attendance record with more than 69,000 spectators per game , a mark that still stands . The total attendance of nearly 3.6 million for the final tournament remains the highest in World Cup history , despite the later expansion of the competition from 24 to 32 teams ( and from 52 to 64 games ) , which was first introduced at the 1998 World Cup and is the current format . Brazil won the tournament after beating Italy 3-2 in a penalty shoot-out at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California near Los Angeles , after the game had ended 0-0 after extra time . It was the first World Cup final to be decided on penalties . The victory made Brazil the first nation to win four World Cup titles . There were three new entrants in the tournament : Greece , Nigeria and Saudi Arabia plus two countries that were formed at the end of the Cold War : Russia , following the breakup of the Soviet Union , and for the first time since 1938 , a newly reunified Germany took part in the tournament , following that country 's reunification in October 1990 , which took place a few months after West Germany 's victory in the 1990 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alain_Mimoun", "text": "Alain Mimoun ( 1 January 1921 - 27 June 2013 ) was an Algerian-born French long-distance runner who competed in track events , cross-country running and the marathon . He was the 1956 Olympic champion in the marathon . He is the most bemedalled French athletics sportsperson in history . In 1999 , readers of the French athletics magazine Athlétisme Magazine voted him as the French Athlete of the 20th Century . On the track Mimoun won three Olympic silver medals , finishing second behind Emil Zátopek in the 10,000 metres final in 1948 and again second behind him in both the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres finals in 1952 . He was also the silver medallist in both events behind Zátopek at the 1950 European Athletics Championships . From 1949 to 1958 , he won four individual gold medals and two individual silver medals at the International Cross Country Championships . He was a four-time gold medallist at the Mediterranean Games , completing the 5,000 m/10,000 m double in both 1951 and 1955 . Born in Algeria , Mimoun fought military battles for France and the Western Allies during World War II . He settled in metropolitan France shortly after leaving the French army . Overall , he represented France in four consecutive Olympic Games from 1948 to 1960 . He competed internationally for France on 86 occasions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Mahwit_Governorate", "text": "Al Mahwit ( Arabic : المحويت Al Maḥwīt ) is one of the governorates of Yemen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valeriy_Yakuzhin", "text": "Valeriy Yakushin was a Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s . He won the silver medal at the men 's doubles event at the 1978 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penha,_Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Penha is a low middle-class neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disneyland_Resort_line", "text": "The Disneyland Resort line is a heavy rail MTR line connecting Sunny Bay to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort , coloured pink on the network diagram . It is the seventh line of the former MTR network before the merger of MTR and KCR , and the world 's first metro line designed to service a Disney theme park . There are only two stations on this line , Sunny Bay and Disneyland Resort , and the line operates as a shuttle service between these two stations . Sunny Bay station is an interchange station with the Tung Chung line between Tsing Yi and Tung Chung stations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tsuen_Wan_line", "text": "The Tsuen Wan line is one of the eleven lines of the metro network in Hong Kong 's MTR . It is indicated in red on the MTR map . There are 16 stations on the line . The southern terminus is Central station on Hong Kong Island and the northwestern terminus is Tsuen Wan station in the New Territories . A journey on the entire line takes 35 minutes . As a cross-harbour route that goes through the heart of Kowloon and densely populated Sham Shui Po and Kwai Chung , the line is very heavily travelled ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010–11_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2010-11 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 8 , 2010 with the preliminary games of the 2010 Coaches Vs. Cancer Classic , and ended with the 2011 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament 's championship game on April 4 , 2011 at Reliant Stadium in Houston . The tournament 's first-round games occurred March 15-16 , 2011 in Dayton , followed by second and third rounds on Thursday through Sunday , March 17-20 , 2011 . Regionals games will be played on Thursday through Sunday , March 24-27 , 2011 , with the Final Four played on Saturday and Monday , April 2 and 4 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FM_Mattsson_Arena", "text": "Jalas Arena , formerly named Smidjegrav Arena and FM Mattsson Arena , is an indoor sporting arena located in Mora , Sweden . The capacity of the arena is 4,500 and it was built in 1967 . It is the home arena of the Mora IK ice hockey team . It was one of two sites for the 2007 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships , along with Ejendals Arena in Leksand . The venue was renamed Smidjegrav Arena on 26 June 2015 following the expiration of FM Mattsson 's naming rights deal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shania_Twain", "text": "Eilleen Regina Edwards , OC ( /ʃəˈnaɪ.ə/ ; born August 28 , 1965 ) , known professionally as Shania Twain , is a Canadian singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . She has sold over 100 million records , making her the best-selling female artist in country music history and among the best-selling music artists of all time . Her success garnered her several honorific titles including the Queen of Country Pop . Raised in Timmins , Ontario , Twain pursued singing and songwriting from a young age before signing with Mercury Nashville Records in the early 1990s . Her self-titled debut studio album saw little commercial success upon release in 1993 . After collaborating with producer and later husband Robert John Mutt Lange , Twain rose to fame with her second studio album , The Woman in Me ( 1995 ) , which brought her widespread success . It sold 20 million copies worldwide , spawned widely successful singles such as Any Man of Mine , and earned her a Grammy Award . Her third studio album , Come On Over ( 1997 ) , became the best-selling studio album of all time by a female act in any genre and the best-selling country album , selling nearly 40 million copies worldwide . Come On Over produced twelve singles , including You 're Still the One , From This Moment On and Man ! I Feel Like a Woman ! , and earned Twain four Grammy Awards . Her fourth studio album , Up ! ( 2002 ) , was also certified Diamond in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star-Crossed_(Supergirl)", "text": "The second season of the American television series Supergirl , which is based on the DC Comics character Supergirl / Kara Zor-El , a costumed superheroine who is the cousin to Superman and one of the last surviving Kryptonians . The season was ordered in May 2016 , and unlike the first season which aired on CBS , this season was picked up by The CW . While the first season was filmed in Los Angeles , beginning with this season filming relocated to Vancouver , to reduce the high production costs of the series . The season was filmed from July 2016 to April 2017 . Alongside Melissa Benoist , who stars in the titular role , principal cast members Mehcad Brooks , Chyler Leigh , Jeremy Jordan , and David Harewood return from the first season , and are joined by Chris Wood and Floriana Lima . The season premiered on The CW on October 10 , 2016 , and ran until May 22 , 2017 , over 22 episodes . It received overall critical acclaim , being viewed as an improvement over the first season . The series was renewed for a third season on January 8 , 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_I_FCS_independent_schools", "text": "NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision independent schools are four-year institutions in the United States whose football programs are not part of a football conference . This means that FCS independents are not required to schedule each other for competition as conference schools do . As of the next college football season of 2020 , three schools will play as FCS independents . Presbyterian will spend only the 2020 season as an independent . It began a transition to non-scholarship FCS football in 2017 and will play the final season of that transition as an FCS independent before joining the Pioneer Football League in 2021 . ( Presbyterian will remain a full but non-football Big South member . ) Also in 2020 , Dixie State and Tarleton State will move up from Division II , with both joining the non-football Western Athletic Conference . Both schools have announced they will play as FCS independents for the foreseeable future . The only school that had played as an FCS independent in the most recently completed 2019 season , North Dakota , will join the Missouri Valley Football Conference in July 2020 . The Fighting Hawks left the Big Sky Conference for the non-football Summit League in July 2018 , but agreed to honor existing contracts to play Big Sky members in football , and thus played a full Big Sky football schedule in both 2018 and 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorf_and_the_First_Games_of_Mount_Olympus", "text": "Dorf and the First Games of Mount Olympus is a 1988 comedy film starring Tim Conway as Dorf and Vincent Schiavelli as Leonard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1969_Asian_Baseball_Championship", "text": "The 1969 Asian Baseball Championship was the eighth continental tournament held by the Baseball Federation of Asia . The tournament was held in Taipei , Taiwan for the second time . Won by Japan for the sixth time , it was the third consecutive Asian Championship for the team ; the second such sequence for Japan . It was only the second time in the tournament 's history that the Philippines team medalled , winning the bronze medal . Taiwan ( 2nd ) and South Korea ( 4th ) were the other participants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zsa_Zsa_Gabor", "text": "Zsa Zsa Gabor ( /ˌʒɑːʒɑː ˈɡɑːbɔːr , - ɡəˈbɔːr/ ZHAH-zhah GAH-bor , -⁠ gə-BOR , Hungarian : [ ˈʒɒʒɒ ˈɡaːbor ] ; born Sári Gábor [ ˈʃaːri ˈɡaːbor ] ; February 6 , 1917 - December 18 , 2016 ) was a Hungarian-American actress and socialite . Her sisters were actresses Eva and Magda Gabor . Gabor began her stage career in Vienna and was crowned Miss Hungary in 1936 . She emigrated from Hungary to the United States in 1941 . Becoming a sought-after actress with European flair and style , she was considered to have a personality that exuded charm and grace . Her first film role was a supporting role in Lovely to Look At . She later acted in We 're Not Married ! and played one of her few leading roles in the John Huston-directed film , Moulin Rouge ( 1952 ) . Huston would later describe her as a creditable actress . Outside her acting career , Gabor was known for her extravagant Hollywood lifestyle , her glamorous personality , and her many marriages . In total , Gabor had nine husbands , including hotel magnate Conrad Hilton and actor George Sanders . She once stated , Men have always liked me and I have always liked men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukraine", "text": "Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Україна , romanized : Ukrayina , pronounced [ ʊkrɐˈjinɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Eastern Europe . It is bordered by Russia to the north-east ; Belarus to the north ; Poland , Slovakia and Hungary to the west ; and Romania , Moldova , and the Black Sea to the south . Ukraine is currently in a territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula , which Russia annexed in 2014 . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603,628 km2 ( 233,062 sq mi ) , making it both the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world . Its capital and largest city is Kiev . Ukrainian is the official language and its alphabet is Cyrillic . The dominant religion in the country is Eastern Orthodoxy . The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC . During the Middle Ages , the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture , with the powerful state of Kievan Rus ' forming the basis of Ukrainian identity . Following its fragmentation in the 13th century , the territory was contested , ruled and divided by a variety of powers , including the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Russia . A Cossack republic emerged and prospered during the 17th and 18th centuries , but its territory was eventually split between Poland and the Russian Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Computer_Entertainment_Rating_Organization", "text": "The Computer Entertainment Rating Organization ( Japanese : 特定非営利活動法人コンピュータエンターテインメントレーティング機構 , Hepburn : Tokutei Hieiri Katsudō Hōjin Konpyūta Entāteinmento Rētingu Kikō ) ( CERO ) is a Japanese entertainment rating organization based in Tokyo that rates video game content in console games with levels of rating that informs the customer of the nature of the product and for what age group it is suitable . It was established in June 2002 as a branch of Computer Entertainment Supplier 's Association , and became an officially recognized nonprofit organization in December 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_business_district", "text": "A central business district ( CBD ) is the commercial and business center of a city . In larger cities , it is often synonymous with the city 's financial district . Geographically , it often coincides with the city centre or downtown , but the two concepts are separate : many cities have a central business district located away from its commercial or cultural city centre or downtown , or even several CBDs at once . In London , for example , the city centre is usually regarded as encompassing the historic City of London and the mediaeval City of Westminster , whereas the City of London and the transformed Docklands area are regarded as its two CBDs . In New York City , Midtown Manhattan is the largest central business district in the city and in the world ; yet Lower Manhattan , commonly called Downtown Manhattan , represents the second largest , and second , distinct CBD in New York City and is geographically situated south of Midtown . In Chicago , the Chicago Loop is the second largest central business district in the United States and is also referred to as the core of the city 's downtown . Mexico City also has a historic city centre , the colonial-era Centro Histórico , along with two CBDs : the mid-late 20th century Paseo de la Reforma - Polanco , and the new Santa Fe . The shape and type of a CBD almost always closely reflect the city 's history . Cities with strong preservation laws and maximum building height restrictions to retain the character of the historic and cultural core will have a CBD quite a distance from the centre of the city . This is quite common for European cities such as Paris or Vienna . In cities in the New World that grew quickly after the invention of mechanised modes such as road or rail transport , a single central area or downtown will often contain most of the region 's tallest buildings and act both as the CBD and the commercial and cultural city center . Increasing urbanisation in the 21st century have developed megacities , particularly in Asia , that will often have multiple CBDs scattered across the urban area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blaine_Anderson", "text": "Blaine Devon Anderson is a fictional character from the American musical comedy-drama television series Glee . Played by Darren Criss , Blaine was introduced in the sixth episode of the second season as the openly gay lead singer of the Dalton Academy Warblers , a rival show choir to New Directions , the show 's primary musical group . Blaine initially served as a mentor for New Directions member Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ) . Chemistry between the two , combined with fan support for the couple , led series co-creator Ryan Murphy to pair them romantically . Their relationship has been well received by critics , and they have been named one of the most beloved TV couples of the millennium by Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post . At the beginning of the third season , Blaine transfers to McKinley High and joins New Directions ; concurrently , Criss was promoted from recurring guest star to the show 's main cast . Criss auditioned for Glee several times before being cast as Blaine , including for the lead role of Finn Hudson . He believed he would be ill-suited to that character , but identifies with Blaine , having been raised among the gay community . He plays Blaine as charismatic and confident , and finds his youthful self-acceptance a fitting counterpoint to common media portrayals of gay characters . As the Warblers ' lead vocalist and subsequent New Directions member , Blaine has performed a number of songs on the television series . His first , a cover version of Teenage Dream by Katy Perry , became the fastest-selling Glee single , reached number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 , and was certified gold in the U.S . Tracks by the Warblers have sold over 1.3 million copies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2006", "text": "The 7th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held for the first time in New York City , NY . The awards show was held at Madison Square Garden on Thursday , November 2 , 2006 . Shakira was the big winner winning Album of the Year , one of four awards that she won . She is the first female artist to win Record of the Year , Album of the Year , and Song of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wales", "text": "Wales ( Welsh : Cymru [ ˈkəmri ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It is bordered by England to the east , the Irish Sea to the north and west , and the Bristol Channel to the south . It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of 20,779 km2 ( 8,023 sq mi ) . Wales has over 1,680 miles ( 2,700 km ) of coastline and is largely mountainous with its higher peaks in the north and central areas , including Snowdon ( Yr Wyddfa ) , its highest summit . The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable , maritime climate . Welsh national identity emerged among the Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century , and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations . Llywelyn ap Gruffudd 's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England 's conquest of Wales , though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to Wales in the early 15th century . The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 . Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century . Welsh Liberalism , exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George , was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party . Welsh national feeling grew over the century ; Plaid Cymru was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962 . Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998 , the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chito_Roño", "text": "Chito S. Roño ( born April 26 , 1954 ) , also known as Sixto Kayko , is a Filipino writer , film producer and film director known for his expansive vision and special-effects-heavy films , most notably Yamashita : The Tiger 's Treasure ( 2001 ) for which he won the Metro Manila Film Festival for best director . He is also known for his 1997 film Nasaan ang Puso which earned him his first MMFF for best director . He is well known for Directing Grand Slam Actresses Maricel Soriano ( Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin ( 1993 ) and Separada ( 1994 ) Lorna Tolentino In Narito Ang Puso Ko In 1992 and Patayin Sa Sindak Si Barbra ( Remake In 1995 ) Vivian Velez in Kasalanan Bang Sambahin Ka ( 1990 ) and the tv remake and Philippine adaptation of Maria Mercedes ( 2013-2014 ) he also directed Vilma Santos in the critically acclaimed Bata Bata Paano Ka Ginawa He accomplished a feat for directing box office horror genre hits such as Feng Shui Series starring Kris Aquino ( 2004,2014 ) and Sukob ( 2006 ) co billing Claudine Barretto In 2015 he also took another literary adaptation of Etiquette for Mistresses with Claudine Barretto Kris Aquino comedian Cheena Crab and Iza Calzado and Kim Chiu in top Billings . 2018 his film Signal Rock was nominated in the oscars"}
{"title": "/wiki/Tahar_Tamsamani", "text": "Tahar Tamsamani ( born 10 September 1980 ) is a retired Moroccan boxer . He competed at the 2000 , 2004 and 2008 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 2000 . In 2000 he won a bronze medal in the featherweight ( 57 kg ) division , after falling in the semifinals to Kazakhstan 's Bekzat Sattarkhanov . At the 2004 Summer Olympics he was defeated in the first bout of the lightweight ( 60 kg ) division by Uganda 's Sam Rukundo . He qualified for the Athens Games by winning the gold medal at the 1st AIBA African 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Casablanca , Morocco . In the final of the event he defeated Tunisia 's Taoufik Chouba . At the 2008 Olympic qualifier he lost to Hamza Kramou but won the third-place bout and therefore qualified for his third Olympics . In Beijing he lost to Domenico Valentino in the first bout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Övedskloster_Manor", "text": "Övedskloster Manor ( Swedish : Övedskloster slott ) is a manor in Sjöbo Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota", "text": "Minnesota ( /ˌmɪnɪˈsoʊtə/ ( listen ) ) is a state in the Upper Midwest , Great Lakes , and northern regions of the United States . Minnesota was admitted as the 32nd U.S. state on May 11 , 1858 , created from the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory . The state has many lakes , and is known as the Land of 10,000 Lakes . Its official motto is L'Étoile du Nord ( French : Star of the North ) . Minnesota is the 12th largest in area and the 22nd most populous of the U.S. states ; nearly 55% of its residents live in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area ( known as the Twin Cities ) . This area has the largest concentration of transportation , business , industry , education , and government in the state . Urban centers in Greater Minnesota include Duluth , Mankato , Moorhead , Rochester and St . Cloud . The geography of the state consists of western prairies now given over to intensive agriculture ; deciduous forests in the southeast , now partially cleared , farmed , and settled ; and the less populated North Woods , used for mining , forestry , and recreation . Thousands of years before Europeans arrived , Minnesota was inhabited by various indigenous peoples , some of whom remain in the state today . French explorers , missionaries , and fur traders began exploring the region in the 17th century , encountering the Dakota and Ojibwe/Anishinaabe tribes . Much of what is now Minnesota was part of the vast French holding of Louisiana , which was purchased by the United States in 1803 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darulmakmur_Stadium", "text": "( Malay : Stadium Darul Makmur ) is a multi-purpose stadium located in Kuantan , Pahang , Malaysia . It is mostly use for football matches , with a capacity of 41,895 people . The stadium has a running track , in addition to the football field . It was opened in 1970 , while capacity was increased after renovations in 1995 in conjunction with Kuantan hosting the Sukma Games in 1996 and 2012 . Aras Kuasa Stadium is also home for Pahang FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clarence_Verdin", "text": "Clarence Verdin ( born June 14 , 1963 ) is a former American football wide receiver and kick returner in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins , Indianapolis Colts and Atlanta Falcons . He also was a member of the Houston Gamblers in the United States Football League and the BC Lions in the Canadian Football League . He played college football at the University of Southwestern Louisiana"}
{"title": "/wiki/Campbelltown,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Campbelltown is a town located on the outskirts of the metropolitan area of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia . It is located in Greater Western Sydney 42 kilometres ( 26 mi ) south-west of the Sydney central business district . Campbelltown is the administrative seat of the local government area of the City of Campbelltown . It is also acknowledged on the register of the Geographical Names Board of New South Wales as one of only four cities within the Sydney metropolitan area . Campbelltown gets its name from Elizabeth Campbell , the wife of former Governor of New South Wales Lachlan Macquarie . Originally called Campbell-Town , the name was later simplified to the current Campbelltown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics were held during the last ten days of the games , from August 15 to August 24 , 2008 , at the Beijing National Stadium . The Olympic sport of athletics is split into four distinct sets of events : track and field events , road running events , and racewalking events . Both men and women had very similar schedules of events . Men competed in 24 events and women in 23 , as their schedule lacked the 50 km race walk . In addition , both the men 's 110 m hurdles and decathlon are reflected in the women 's schedule by the 100 m hurdles and heptathlon , respectively . The Olympic record was broken in 17 returning events . In five events , including the inaugural women 's 3000 m steeplechase , the world record was broken . The athletics was , alongside the Olympic cycling events , one of the few large sports programmes in which the host nation fared comparatively poorly in terms of medals won . Despite a haul of 100 medals at the games as a whole , Chinese athletes took home two bronze medals from the athletics events . The country 's foremost athlete Liu Xiang , the 2004 Olympic champion in the 110 metres hurdles , had to withdraw after a false start due to injury . In the years following the events , results were significantly affected by doping findings ; 19 of the 47 events have had amendments to their medal rankings as a result of testing and retesting of samples taken at or before the Games . Multiple medalists have been sanctioned for doping violations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flogging_Molly", "text": "Flogging Molly is an Irish-American seven-piece Celtic punk band formed in Dublin in 1997 . Lead by Irish vocalist Dave King , formerly of the hard rock band Fastway . They are signed to their own record label , Borstal Beat Records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burt_Hooton", "text": "Burt Carlton Hooton ( born February 7 , 1950 ) , nicknamed Happy , is an American former right-handed starting pitcher and former coach in Major League Baseball . He won 151 games over a 15-year career , mostly with the Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Dodgers . Hooton 's career began auspiciously with a no-hitter in his fourth major league game for the Cubs , but he gained perhaps his widest recognition for his several playoff performances with the Dodgers . His only All-Star appearance was in 1981 , when he also was named the NLCS Most Valuable Player on the way to helping the Dodgers to a World Series championship with four postseason wins in five appearances . He was pitching coach of the Fort Wayne TinCaps , the Class-A affiliate of the San Diego Padres from 2013-2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunset_Boulevard_(musical)", "text": "Sunset Boulevard is a musical with book and lyrics by Don Black and Christopher Hampton , and music by Andrew Lloyd Webber . Based on Billy Wilder 's Academy Award-winning 1950 film of the same title , the plot revolves around Norma Desmond , a faded star of the silent screen era , living in the past in her decaying mansion on the fabled Los Angeles street . When young screenwriter Joe Gillis accidentally crosses her path , she sees in him an opportunity to make her return to the big screen . Romance and tragedy follow . Opening first in London in 1993 , the musical has had several long runs internationally and enjoyed extensive tours . However , it has been the subject of several legal battles and ultimately lost money due to its extraordinary running costs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marshall_Applewhite", "text": "Marshall Herff Applewhite Jr. ( May 17 , 1931 - March 26 , 1997 ) , also known as Do , [ a ] among other names , [ b ] was an American cult leader who founded what became known as the Heaven 's Gate religious group and organized their mass suicide in 1997 , claiming the lives of 39 people . A native of Texas , Applewhite attended several universities , and as a young man , served in the United States Army . After finishing school at Austin College , he taught music at the University of Alabama . He later returned to Texas , where he led choruses and served as the chair of the music department at the University of St. Thomas in Houston . He left the school in 1970 , citing emotional turmoil . His father 's death a year later brought on severe depression . In 1972 , he developed a close friendship with Bonnie Nettles , a nurse ; together , they discussed mysticism at length and concluded that they were called as divine messengers . They operated a bookstore and teaching center for a short while and then began to travel around the U.S. in 1973 to spread their views . They only gained one convert . In 1975 , Applewhite was arrested for failing to return a rental car and was jailed for 6 months . In jail , he further developed his theology . After Applewhite 's release , he traveled to California and Oregon with Nettles , eventually gaining a group of committed followers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sullivan_County_Courthouse_(Indiana)", "text": "Sullivan County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Sullivan , Sullivan County , Indiana . It was built between 1926 and 1928 , and is a three-story , nearly square , steel frame and concrete , Beaux-Arts style building faced in limestone . All four faces are nearly identical and feature a traditional Corinthian order composite cornice . The central of the each facade has a rounded arch parapet with clock . The building is nearly identical to the Vermillion County Courthouse . :5 , 7 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DC_Universe_Online", "text": "DC Universe Online ( DCUO ) is a free-to-play action combat massive multiplayer online game set in the fictional universe of DC Comics . Developed by Dimensional Ink Games and co-published by Daybreak Game Company and WB Games , the game was released on January 11 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christian_Klien", "text": "Christian Klien ( born 7 February 1983 ) is an Austrian former Formula One racing driver . In total he has scored 14 points in Formula One . Klien currently competes full-time in the Blancpain GT Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Connecticut_Huskies", "text": "The UConn Huskies ( or Connecticut Huskies ) are the athletic teams that represent the University of Connecticut . The school is a member of the NCAA 's Division I and the American Athletic Conference . The university 's football team plays at Rentschler Field , and the men 's and women 's basketball teams play on-campus at Harry A. Gampel Pavilion and off-campus at the XL Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portugal_women's_national_under-17_football_team", "text": "The Portuguese women 's national under-17 football team represents Portugal in international youth football competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portugal", "text": "Portugal ( Portuguese : [ puɾtuˈɣal ] ) , officially the Portuguese Republic ( Portuguese : República Portuguesa [ ʁɛˈpuβlikɐ puɾtuˈɣezɐ ] ) , [ note 5 ] is a country located mostly on the Iberian Peninsula , in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost sovereign state of mainland Europe , being bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain . Its territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments . Portugal is the oldest nation state on the Iberian Peninsula and one of the oldest in Europe and the world , its territory having been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The pre-Celtic people , Iberians , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigoths and Suebi Germanic peoples . After the Muslim conquests of the Iberian Peninsula , most of the territory was part of Al-Andalus until their expulsion . Portugal as a country was established during the early Christian Reconquista . Founded in 868 , the County of Portugal gained prominence after the Battle of São Mamede in 1128 . The Kingdom of Portugal was later proclaimed following the Battle of Ourique in 1139 , and independence from León was recognised by the Treaty of Zamora in 1143 . On 12 December 2017 , the Portuguese Navy commemorated the 700th anniversary of its official creation by King Denis of Portugal . Tracing its origins back to the 12th century , it is the oldest continuously serving navy in the world . In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix_metropolitan_area", "text": "The Phoenix Metropolitan Area - often referred to as the Valley of the Sun , the Salt River Valley , or Phoenix Metro - is a metropolitan area , centered on the city of Phoenix , that includes much of the central part of the U.S. state of Arizona . The United States Office of Management and Budget designates the area as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) , defining it as Maricopa and Pinal counties . As of the Census Bureau 's 2017 population estimates , Metro Phoenix had 4,737,270 residents , making it the 11th largest Metropolitan Area in the nation by population . The gross domestic product of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area was $ 242 billion in 2017 , 16th largest amongst metro areas in the United States . It is also one of the fastest-growing major metropolitan areas , gaining nearly 800,000 residents from 2010 to 2018 , and nearly 1.6 million since 2000 . The population of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area increased by 45.3% from 1990 through 2000 , compared to the average United States rate of 13.2% , helping to make Arizona the second fastest growing state in the nation in the 1990s ( the fastest was Nevada ) . The 2000 Census reported the population of the metropolitan area to be 3,251,876 . As for the 2010 Census , the two-county metropolitan area was reported to have a population of 4,192,887 . Metro Phoenix grew by 941,011 people from April 2000 to April 2010 , making it one of the fastest growing metro areas in the country . This also contributed to the entire state 's exceptional growth , as the area is home to just over two-thirds of Arizona 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Navan", "text": "Navan ( /ˈnævən/ ; Irish : An Uaimh [ ənˠ ˈuəvʲ ] , meaning the Cave ) is the county town of County Meath , Ireland . In 2019 , it had a population of 36,969 , making it the fifth largest town in Ireland . Navan is at the confluence of the River Boyne and Blackwater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number", "text": "The International Standard Book Number ( ISBN ) is a numeric commercial book identifier which is intended to be unique . [ a ] [ b ] Publishers purchase ISBNs from an affiliate of the International ISBN Agency . An ISBN is assigned to each separate edition and variation ( except reprintings ) of a publication . For example , an e-book , a paperback and a hardcover edition of the same book will each have a different ISBN . The ISBN is ten digits long if assigned before 2007 , and thirteen digits long if assigned on or after 1 January 2007 . The method of assigning an ISBN is nation-specific and varies between countries , often depending on how large the publishing industry is within a country . The initial ISBN identification format was devised in 1967 , based upon the 9-digit Standard Book Numbering ( SBN ) created in 1966 . The 10-digit ISBN format was developed by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) and was published in 1970 as international standard ISO 2108 ( the 9-digit SBN code can be converted to a 10-digit ISBN by prefixing it with a zero digit ' 0 ' ) . Privately published books sometimes appear without an ISBN . The International ISBN Agency sometimes assigns such books ISBNs on its own initiative . Another identifier , the International Standard Serial Number ( ISSN ) , identifies periodical publications such as magazines and newspapers . The International Standard Music Number ( ISMN ) covers musical scores ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Casterton", "text": "Great Casterton is a village and civil parish in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England . It is located at the crossing of the Roman Ermine Street and the River Gwash ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_London", "text": "Jerry London ( born January 21 , 1947 ) is an American television director and producer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monmouth_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Monmouth ( Welsh : Sir Fynwy ) is a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( at Westminster ) . The seat was created for the 1918 general election . Since 2005 the MP has been David Davies of the Conservative Party . The Monmouth Welsh Assembly constituency , created in 1999 , has normally the same boundaries as the Westminster constituency . These cover a large area , omitting the mainly urban areas of Blaenau Gwent in the west and Newport , Wales in the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leticia_Dolera", "text": "Leticia Dolera ( born 23 October 1981 ) is a Spanish actress . She was born in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain . She is best known for her roles as Clara in the Spanish horror film REC 3 : Genesis , Teresa in the 2003 film Imagining Argentina , and as Carmen in the UK television series Mad Dogs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastern_pipistrelle", "text": "The tricolored bat ( Perimyotis subflavus ) is a species of microbat native to eastern North America . Formerly known as the eastern pipistrelle , based on the errant belief that it was closely related to European Pipistrellus species , the closest known relative of the tricolored bat is now recognized as the canyon bat . Its common name tricolored bat derives from the coloration of the hairs on its back , which have three distinct color bands . It is the smallest bat species in the eastern and midwestern US , with individuals weighing only 4.6-7.9 g ( 0.16-0.28 oz ) . This species mates in the fall before hibernation , though due to sperm storage , females do not become pregnant until the spring . Young are born helpless , though rapidly develop , flying and foraging for themselves by four weeks old . It has a relatively long lifespan , and can live nearly fifteen years . In the summer , females roost in small groups and males roost solitarily in tree foliage or beard lichen . It eats a diverse array of insects , foraging with a slow , erratic flight and navigating via echolocation . Though once considered one of the most common bat species in its range , its populations have declined rapidly since 2006 with the introduction of the fungal disease white-nose syndrome . It was listed as an endangered species in 2012 in Canada , and has been petitioned for inclusion on the US endangered species list . Along with the silver-haired bat , the tricolored bat is one of two bat species whose rabies variants have most frequently been implicated in human rabies deaths in the US , with sixteen deaths from 1958-2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athens", "text": "Athens ( /ˈæθɪnz/ ATH-inz ; Greek : Αθήνα , romanized : Athína [ aˈθina ] ( listen ) ; Ancient Greek : Ἀθῆναι , romanized : Athênai ( pl . ) [ atʰɛ̂ːnai̯ ] ) is the capital and largest city of Greece . Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world 's oldest cities , with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years and its earliest human presence started somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennium BC . Classical Athens was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus . A center for the arts , learning and philosophy , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum , it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy , largely because of its cultural and political impact on the European continent , and in particular the Romans . In modern times , Athens is a large cosmopolitan metropolis and central to economic , financial , industrial , maritime , political and cultural life in Greece . Athens is a global city and one of the biggest economic centers in southeastern Europe . It has a large financial sector , and its port Piraeus is both the largest passenger port in Europe , and the second largest in the world . The Municipality of Athens ( also City of Athens ) , which actually constitutes a small administrative unit of the entire city , had a population of 664,046 ( in 2011 ) within its official limits , and a land area of 38.96 km2 ( 15.04 sq mi ) . The urban area of Athens ( Greater Athens and Greater Piraeus ) extends beyond its administrative municipal city limits , with a population of 3,090,508 ( in 2011 ) over an area of 412 km2 ( 159 sq mi ) . According to Eurostat in 2011 , the functional urban area ( FUA ) of Athens was the 9th most populous FUA in the European Union ( the 6th most populous capital city of the EU ) , with a population of 3.8 million people . Athens is also the southernmost capital on the European mainland and the warmest major city in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vitória,_Espírito_Santo", "text": "Vitória ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ viˈtɔɾjɐ ] , Victory ) , spelled Victória until the 1940s , is the capital of the state of Espírito Santo , Brazil . It is located on a small island within a bay where a number of rivers meet the sea . It was founded in 1551 . The city proper 93 square kilometres ( 36 square miles ) has a population of 358,875 ( 2015 ) whilst the Greater Vitória metropolitan area has a population of more than 1,857,616 ( 2013 ) , the 14th largest in Brazil . Vitória is a riverine island surrounded by Vitória 's Bay . In addition to Vitória , the main island , another 34 islands and a mainland portion are part of the municipality , totalling 93.381 square kilometres ( 36.05 square miles ) . Originally there were 50 islands , many of which were joined to the largest island by landfill . In 1998 , the United Nations rated Vitória as the fourth best state capital in Brazil to live in , rating cities on health , education , and social improvement projects . Among the Brazilian capitals , Vitória currently maintains the second best human development index ( HDI ) ( after Florianópolis ) according to research from Getulio Vargas Foundation . It was considered the fourth best city to live in Brazil by United Nations in 2013 ( behind São Caetano do Sul , Águas de São Pedro and Florianópolis ) and ranked the highest gross domestic product per capita . The city has two major ports : the Port of Vitória and the Port of Tubarão . These ports are part of the largest port complex of the country , which are considered the best in quality of Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eyyvah_Eyvah_2", "text": "Eyyvah Eyvah 2 is a 2011 Turkish comedy film , directed by Hakan Algül , starring Ata Demirer as a young clarinet player who struggles to win back his fiancé after she moves to a small village in the Turkish countryside . The film , which opened on January 7 , 2011 ( 2011-01-07 ) at number 1 in the Turkish box office , is a sequel to the hit comedy Eyyvah Eyvah ( 2010 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Maguire", "text": "Samuel Maguire ( 1877 - 6 February 1927 ) , an Irish republican and Gaelic footballer , is chiefly remembered as the eponym of the Sam Maguire Cup , given to the All-Ireland Senior Champions of Gaelic football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hōfu,_Yamaguchi", "text": "Hōfu ( 防府市 , Hōfu-shi ) is a city located in Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan . As of September 30 , 2016 , the city has an estimated population of 117,387 and a population density of 622.44 people per km² . The total area is 188.59 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anita_Christensen", "text": "Anita Christensen , ( born October 29 , 1972 , in Randers , Denmark ) is a world champion female professional boxer . She posted a 19-2-0 record as an amateur boxer and was the 1998 Nordic 57-kg Women 's Champion before turning professional . On February 16 , 2000 , in Give , Denmark , Christensen won her pro debut with a 1st-round TKO over Veronica Szucz . On January 17 , 2004 , in Aarhus , Denmark , Anita Christensen won a controversial ten round split ( 93-97 97-94 96-95 ) decision over Florida-based Ada Vélez to win the WIBA and WIBF Bantamweight titles . Christensen was knocked down in the eighth round , and Velez was the aggressor for much of the fight . On June 17 , 2005 , in Aarhus , Denmark , Christensen returned from an 18-month layoff to win a unanimous six-round decision over Oksana Romanova . Christensen progressed to 16-0-0 ( 6 KO ) Anita Christensen is promoted and managed by Bettina Palle and trained by Brian Mathiasen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SeaWorld_Orlando", "text": "SeaWorld Orlando is a theme park and marine zoological park , in Orlando , Florida . It is owned and operated by SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment . When combined with its neighbor Discovery Cove and Aquatica , it forms SeaWorld Parks and Resorts Orlando , an entertainment complex consisting of the three parks and many hotels . In 2018 , SeaWorld Orlando hosted an estimated 4.594 million guests , ranking it the 10th most visited amusement park in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Dakota_State_Bison", "text": "The North Dakota State Bison is the name of the athletic teams of North Dakota State University ( NDSU ) , which is located in the city of Fargo , North Dakota . The teams are often called the Thundering Herd . The current logo is a bison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Watford_F.C.", "text": "Watford Football Club is an English professional football club in Watford , Hertfordshire . The club recognises its foundation as 1881 , aligned with that of its antecedent , Watford Rovers , and was established as Watford Football Club in 1898 . After finishing the 1914-15 season as Southern League champions under the management of Harry Kent , Watford joined the Football League in 1920 . The club played at several grounds in its early history , before moving to Vicarage Road in 1922 . Graham Taylor 's tenure as manager at the club between 1977 and 1987 saw Watford rise from the Fourth to the First Division . The team finished second in the First Division in 1982-83 , competed in the UEFA Cup in 1983-84 , and reached the 1984 FA Cup Final . Watford declined between 1987 and 1997 , before Taylor returned as manager , leading the team to successive promotions from the renamed Second Division [ a ] to the Premier League for one season in 1999-2000 . The club played in the top division of English football in 2006-07 , under Aidy Boothroyd 's management . Watford secured promotion in 2014-15 , and have competed in the Premier League since 2015-16 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_the_Assumption_of_the_Blessed_Virgin_Mary_(Plattenville)", "text": "The Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary , also known as the Assumption Church , in Plattenville is a historic Roman Catholic church which was built in 1856 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 . The area was settled by Canary Islanders and Acadians from 1779 on and the parish was formed in 1793 with its first church being little more than a shack . It was replaced by a more permanent one in 1819 , which in turn was replaced by this one in 1856 , quite close to the site of the 1793 church . The parish 's governing Fabrique , or council of wardens , reportedly appointed a committee to measure the Catholic church in Thibodaux , Louisiana , and"}
{"title": "/wiki/Tantric_Buddhism", "text": "Vajrayāna ( वज्रयान ဝဇိယယာန ) , Mantrayāna , Tantrayāna , Tibetan Buddhism , Tantric Buddhism and Esoteric Buddhism are terms referring to the various Buddhist traditions of Tantra and Secret Mantra , which developed in medieval India and spread to Tibet , Bhutan , and East Asia . In Tibet , Buddhist Tantra is termed Vajrayāna , while in China it is generally known as Tángmì Hanmi 漢密 ( 唐密 , Chinese Esotericism ) or Mìzōng ( 密宗 , Esoteric Sect ) , in Pali it is known as Pyitsayãna ( ပစ္စယာန ) , and in Japan it is known as Mikkyō ( 密教 , secret teachings ) . Vajrayāna is usually translated as Diamond Vehicle or Thunderbolt Vehicle , referring to the vajra , a mythical weapon which is also used as a ritual implement . Founded by medieval Indian Mahāsiddhas , Vajrayāna subscribes to the literature known as the Buddhist Tantras . It includes practices that make use of mantras , dharanis , mudras , mandalas and the visualization of deities and Buddhas . According to Vajrayāna scriptures , the term Vajrayāna refers to one of three vehicles or routes to enlightenment , the other two being the Śrāvakayāna ( also known pejoratively as the Hīnayāna ) and Mahāyāna ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Davide_Savi", "text": "Davide Savi ( born 14 November 1995 ) is an Italian football player . He plays for Pontisola ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hope_Centre", "text": "The World Hope Stadium , commonly known as Hope Centre. , is a football stadium in Kawangware , a suburb in Nairobi , Kenya . It is currently by the Nairobi City Stars of the Kenyan Premier League , and Administration Police and Kenya Revenue Authority of FKF Division One . The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panabo", "text": "Panabo , officially the City of Panabo , or simply referred to as Panabo City is a 3rd class city in the province of Davao del Norte , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 184,599 people . Bordering Davao City to its northeast , Panabo is a part of Davao Metropolitan Area . The city has an area of 25,123 hectares ( 62,080 acres ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Word_World", "text": "WordWorld is an American CGI animated television series that debuted on PBS Kids . It was created by Don Moody , Jacqueline Moody , Peter Schneider and Gary Friedman . WordWorld was produced by The Learning Box and WTTW-TV . The series premiered on September 3 , 2007 and ended on January 17 , 2011 with 45 episodes and 3 seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barbara_Eden", "text": "Barbara Eden ( born Barbara Jean Morehead , August 23 , 1931 ) is an American film , stage , and television actress , and singer , best known for her starring role of Jeannie in the sitcom I Dream of Jeannie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Police_Commissary_FC", "text": "National Police Commissary F.C. , previously known as Military Police F.C. , is an association football club from Sihanoukville , Cambodia . They won the Cambodian League in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lyantonde", "text": "Lyantonde is a town in the southern part of the Central Region of Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative , and commercial center of Lyantonde District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heroin", "text": "Heroin , also known as diamorphine among other names , is an opioid most commonly used as a recreational drug for its euphoric effects . It is used medically in several countries to relieve pain or in opioid replacement therapy . It is typically injected , usually into a vein , but it can also be smoked , snorted , or inhaled . The onset of effects is usually rapid and lasts for a few hours . Common side effects include respiratory depression ( decreased breathing ) , dry mouth , drowsiness , impaired mental function , constipation , and addiction . Side effects of use by injection can include abscesses , infected heart valves , blood-borne infections , and pneumonia . After a history of long-term use , opioid withdrawal symptoms can begin within hours of the last use . When given by injection into a vein , heroin has two to three times the effect of a similar dose of morphine . It typically comes as a white or brown powder . Treatment of heroin addiction often includes behavioral therapy and medications . Medications can include buprenorphine , methadone , or naltrexone . A heroin overdose may be treated with naloxone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_NHL_season", "text": "The 1981-82 NHL season was the 65th season of the National Hockey League . The William M. Jennings Trophy made its debut this year as the trophy for the goaltenders from the team with the fewest goals against , thus replacing the Vezina Trophy in that qualifying criteria . The Vezina Trophy would thereafter be awarded to the goaltender adjudged to be the best at his position . The New York Islanders won their third straight Stanley Cup by sweeping the Vancouver Canucks in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Travis_Burns_(rugby_league)", "text": "Travis Burns ( born 6 February 1984 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer . He formerly played for St Helens in the Super League and the Penrith Panthers in the NRL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mountain_Grove,_Missouri", "text": "Mountain Grove is a city in southwestern Texas and southeastern Wright counties in the U.S. state of Missouri , located in the south central section of the state . The population was 4,789 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Middle_Claydon", "text": "Middle Claydon is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . The village is about 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Buckingham and about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) west of Winslow . The toponym Claydon is derived from the Old English for clay hill . The affix Middle differentiates the village from nearby Steeple Claydon , and East Claydon , and from the hamlet of Botolph Claydon . The Domesday Book of 1086 records the Claydon area as Claindone . The Church of England parish church of All Saints is in the grounds of Claydon House , a National Trust property . The house was the home of Sir Edmund Verney , an English Civil War Royalist , and of Florence Nightingale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Union_(American_Civil_War)", "text": "During the American Civil War ( 1861-1865 ) , the Union , also known as the North , referred to the United States of America , specifically to the national government of President Abraham Lincoln and the 20 free states and five border states that supported it . The Union was dedicated to the defeat and termination of the Confederate States of America , informally called the Confederacy or the South . The Union Army was a new formation comprising mostly state units , together with some units from the regular U.S. Army . The Border states were essential as a supply base for the Union invasion of the Confederacy , and Lincoln realized he could not win the war without control of them , especially Maryland , which lay north of the national capital of Washington , D.C . The Northeast and upper Midwest provided the industrial resources for a mechanized war producing large quantities of munitions and supplies , as well as financing for the war . The Midwest provided soldiers , food , horses , financial support , and training camps . Army hospitals were set up across the Union . Most states had Republican Party governors who energetically supported the war effort and suppressed anti-war subversion in 1863-64 . The Democratic Party strongly supported the war at the beginning in 1861 , but by 1862 , was split between the War Democrats and the anti-war element known as Peace Democrats , led by the extremist Copperheads . The Democrats made major electoral gains in 1862 in state elections , most notably in New York . They lost ground in 1863 , especially in Ohio . In 1864 , the Republicans campaigned under the National Union Party banner , which attracted many War Democrats and soldiers and scored a landslide victory for Lincoln and his entire ticket against Democratic candidate George B. McClellan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottsdale_Football_Club", "text": "The Scottsdale Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competed in the old Northern Tasmanian Football Association ( NTFA ) between 1948 and 1986 . Scottsdale joined the Northern Tasmanian Football League in 1987 . For financial reasons , Scottsdale could no longer field a team in the NTFL and in 2000 switched to the new NTFA , an amateur competition which had been formed four years earlier . Scottsdale , nicknamed The Magpies , currently play in a competition of the Northern Tasmanian Football Association ( formed 1996 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazilian_Socialist_Party", "text": "The Brazilian Socialist Party ( Portuguese : Partido Socialista Brasileiro , PSB ) is a political party in Brazil . It was founded in 1947 , before being abolished by the military regime in 1965 and re-organised in 1985 with the re-democratisation of Brazil . It elected six Governors in 2010 , becoming the second largest party in number of state governments , behind only PSDB . In addition to that , it won 34 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and three seats in the Senate , besides having been a member of the For Brazil to Keep on Changing coalition , which elected Dilma Rousseff as President of Brazil . In 2014 the party went into opposition , advocating greater economic stability , low inflation , high economic growth , sustainable development , and social welfare programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blind_Dating", "text": "Blind Dating ( also known as Blind Guy Driving ) is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by James Keach and starring Chris Pine , Eddie Kaye Thomas , Anjali Jay , Jane Seymour , and Jayma Mays . The film was produced by David Shanks and James Keach and distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films LLC . During its release , the film received mixed to negative reviews . The publication City Weekly proposed that actor Chris Pine receive a special award for Best Performance in an Otherwise Inexplicable Film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Cape", "text": "The Western Cape ( Afrikaans : Wes-Kaap ; Xhosa : iNtshona-Koloni ) is a province of South Africa , situated on the south-western coast of the country . It is the fourth largest of the nine provinces with an area of 129,449 square kilometres ( 49,981 sq mi ) , and the third most populous , with an estimated 6.6 million inhabitants in 2018 . About two-thirds of these inhabitants live in the metropolitan area of Cape Town , which is also the provincial capital . The Western Cape was created in 1994 from part of the former Cape Province , The two largest cities are Cape Town and George"}
{"title": "/wiki/Welford_Road_Stadium", "text": "Welford Road is a rugby union stadium in Leicester , England , and is the home ground for Leicester Tigers . The ground was opened on 10 September 1892 and is located between Aylestone Road and Welford Road on the southern edge of the city centre . The ground was developed in two main periods , either side of the First World War stands were built on both sides and then between 1995 and 2016 both ends were developed and the north side redeveloped . The stadium has a capacity of 25,849 , making it the largest purpose-built club rugby union ground in England . It hosted five full England national team matches between 1902 and 1923 , and staged a single match at each of the 1991 and 1999 Rugby World Cups ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susanville,_California", "text": "Susanville ( formerly known as Rooptown ) is the county seat of Lassen County , California , United States . Susanville is located on the Susan River in the southern part of the county , at an elevation of 4,186 feet ( 1,276 m ) . The population was 17,974 in the 2010 census , up from 13,541 in the 2000 census . Much of the population increase is related to persons employed at two state prisons in the city . Susanville , a former logging and mining town , is the site of two state prisons : the California Correctional Center , a minimum-medium security facility , which opened in 1963 ; and the High Desert State Prison , California ( not to be confused with High Desert State Prison , Nevada ) , which opened in 1995 . The Federal Correctional Institution , Herlong is nearby , having opened in 2001 The prisons and their effects on the community , including the provision of much-needed jobs , were explored in the documentary , Prison Town , USA ( 2007 ) , aired on PBS . Nearly half the adult population of Susanville works at the three prisons in the area , where 6,000 people are incarcerated ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pohang", "text": "Pohang ( Korean pronunciation : [ pʰo.ɦaŋ ] ) is a city in the province of North Gyeongsang , South Korea , and a main seaport in the Daegu-Gyeongbuk region . The built-up area of Pohang is located on the alluvium of the mouth of the Hyeongsan River . The city is divided into two wards ( gu ) , Buk-gu or Northern Ward ( 북구 ; 北區 ) and Nam-gu or Southern Ward ( 남구 ; 南區 ) . This city has the largest population of North Gyeongsang Province and it has the third largest land area of any city ( si ) in South Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Underwater_(film)", "text": "Underwater is a 2020 American science fiction horror film directed by William Eubank and written by Brian Duffield and Adam Cozad . The film is produced by Chernin Entertainment and stars Kristen Stewart , Vincent Cassel , Jessica Henwick , John Gallagher Jr. , Mamoudou Athie , and T.J. Miller . It follows a group of scientists at the bottom of the ocean who encounter a group of creatures after an earthquake destroys their laboratory . Underwater was released in the United States on January 10 , 2020 , by 20th Century Fox . The film has grossed $ 40 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics . It is the last film released under the 20th Century Fox name , before the name was changed to 20th Century Studios by Disney , after their acquisition of Fox and its assets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Barr_(American_football)", "text": "Anthony Barr ( born March 18 , 1992 ) is an American football outside linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at UCLA from 2010 to 2013 , where he was a consensus All-American in 2013 . He was drafted by the Vikings in the first round , ninth overall of the 2014 NFL Draft . Barr was an offensive player his first two years at UCLA , playing running back , wide receiver and tight end . He struggled as a running back , and switched to linebacker during his junior year , at which position he was named a first team All-Pac-12 selection and to the CBSSports.com All-America second team . As a senior Barr received the Lott IMPACT Award after leading the team in sacks . In 2014 , Barr 's first season playing professional football in the NFL , he was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week for Week 8 and selected for the Pro Football Focus All-NFC North Team . His rookie season was cut short due to a knee injury . Barr has since made four consecutive Pro Bowl appearances ( 2015-2018 ) . In the spring of 2019 , he signed a five-year extension of his contract with the Vikings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Krasnodar", "text": "Krasnodar ( /ˌkrɑːsnəˈdɑːr , -noʊ-/ ; Russian : Краснода́р , IPA : [ krəsnɐˈdar ] ) is a city and the administrative center of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Kuban River , approximately 148 kilometers ( 92 mi ) northeast of the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk . As of the 2010 Census , its population was 774,234 . According to the Federal Statistics Service of Russia , Krasnodar officially reached a population of 1,000,007 on September 22 , 2018 , thus the city is the 16th most populated city in Russia , and also the country 's 16th city with at least a million inhabitants . It was previously known as Yekaterinodar ( until December 7 , 1920 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pashalik_of_Yanina", "text": "The Pashalik of Yanina or Janina ( 1788-1822 ) was a subdivision of the Ottoman Empire centred on the region of Epirus and had a high degree of autonomy in the early 19th century under Ali Pasha , although it was never recognized as such by the Ottoman Empire . Its core was the Ioannina Eyalet , centred on the city of Ioannina in southern Epirus , but at its peak it comprised most of Albania and the western portions of Thessaly and Greek Macedonia in Northern Greece ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Principality_of_Kastrioti", "text": "Principality of Kastrioti ( 1389-1444 ) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania . It was created by Gjon Kastrioti and then ruled by the national hero of Albania , George Kastrioti Skanderbeg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Baptist_Churches_USA", "text": "The American Baptist Churches USA ( ABCUSA ) is a Baptist Christian denomination within the United States . The denomination maintains headquarters in Valley Forge , Pennsylvania . The organization is usually considered mainline , although varying theological and mission emphases may be found among its congregations , including modernist , charismatic and evangelical orientations . It traces its history to the First Baptist Church in America ( 1638 ) and the Baptist congregational associations which organized the Triennial Convention in 1814 . From 1907 to 1950 , it was known as the Northern Baptist Convention , and from 1950 to 1972 as the American Baptist Convention . In 2017 , ABCUSA had 1,145,647 members in 5,057 congregations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samedan", "text": "Samedan ( [ saˈmedən ] ( help·info ) ) is a town and municipality in the Maloja Region in the Swiss canton of Grisons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Four_Guardian_Kings", "text": "The Four Heavenly Kings are four Buddhist gods , which originate from the Indian version of Lokapalas , each of whom is believed to watch over one cardinal direction of the world . In Chinese mythology , they are known collectively as the Fēng Tiáo Yǔ Shùn ( simplified Chinese : 风调雨顺 ; traditional Chinese : 風調雨順 ; literally : 'Good climate ' ) or Sì Dà Tiānwáng ( Chinese : 四大天王 ; literally : 'Four Great Heavenly Kings ' ) . In the ancient language Sanskrit they are called the Chaturmahārāja ( चतुर्महाराज ) , or Chaturmahārājikādeva : Four Great Heavenly Kings . The Hall of the Heavenly Kings is a standard component of Chinese Buddhist temples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Story_(1970_film)", "text": "Love Story is a 1970 American romantic drama film written by Erich Segal , who was also the author of the best-selling novel of the same name . It was produced by Howard G. Minsky and directed by Arthur Hiller and starred Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal , alongside John Marley , Ray Milland , and Tommy Lee Jones in his film debut in a minor role . A tragedy , the film is considered one of the most romantic by the American Film Institute ( # 9 on the list ) and is one of the highest-grossing films of all time . It was followed by a sequel , Oliver 's Story ( 1978 ) , starring O'Neal with Candice Bergen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Masjid_Jamek_LRT_station", "text": "Masjid Jamek LRT station is a rapid transit station in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . It is the interchange station between two of Rapid KL 's light rapid transit ( LRT ) systems , namely the LRT Ampang and Sri Petaling Lines and the LRT Kelana Jaya Line . The station is one of the only two stations that integrate the LRT lines , the other being Putra Heights station.The station is situated near , and named after the Masjid Jamek in central Kuala Lumpur . Despite being called an interchange station , up until 28 November 2011 , there were effectively two Masjid Jamek stations in operational terms . An elevated Masjid Jamek station served the Ampang and Sri Petaling Lines while an underground Masjid Jamek station served the Kelana Jaya Line , each having their own ticketing systems which were not integrated with each other . Commuters had to exit one system , purchase a new ticket before entering the other system if they wanted to transfer from one line to the other . Prior to 2006 when a plaza was built above the Klang River linking the stations , Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line 's Masjid Jamek station and Kelana Jaya Line 's Masjid Jamek station were two physically separate buildings . There were limited pedestrian walkways between the two stations resulting in commuters having to be exposed to the sun and rain , and even having to cross the busy Jalan Tun Perak , just to change from one line to the other . On 28 November 2011 , the fare gates which kept the two systems separated were removed and the plaza which physically linked the two stations became part of the paid ( or restricted ) zone of a physically integrated Masjid Jamek station . This allowed commuters to transfer from one line to the other without leaving the system for the first time since the two stations became operational ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey", "text": "New Jersey is a state in the Mid-Atlantic region of the Northeastern United States . It is bordered on the north and east by the state of New York ; on the east , southeast , and south by the Atlantic Ocean ; on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania ; and on the southwest by the Delaware Bay and the State of Delaware . New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area but the 11th-most populous , with 9 million residents as of 2017 and an area of 8,722.58 square miles , making it the most densely populated of the 50 U.S. states , with its biggest city being Newark . New Jersey lies completely within the combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia . New Jersey was the second-wealthiest U.S. state by median household income as of 2017 . New Jersey was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years , with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast . In the early 17th century , the Dutch and the Swedes founded the first European settlements in the state . The English later seized control of the region , naming it the Province of New Jersey after the largest of the Channel Islands , Jersey , and granting it as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley , 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton . New Jersey was the site of several important battles during the American Revolutionary War in the 18th century . In the 19th century , factories in the cities Camden , Paterson , Newark , Trenton , Jersey City , and Elizabeth ( known as the Big Six ) , helped drive the Industrial Revolution . New Jersey 's geographic location at the center of the Northeast megalopolis , between Boston and New York City to the northeast , and Philadelphia , Baltimore , and Washington , D.C. , to the southwest , fueled its rapid growth through the process of suburbanization in the second half of the 20th century . At the turn of the 21st century , this suburbanization began reverting with the consolidation of New Jersey 's culturally diverse populace toward more urban settings within the state , with towns home to commuter rail stations outpacing the population growth of more automobile-oriented suburbs since 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dunshaughlin", "text": "Dunshaughlin ( Irish : Dún Seachlainn , meaning the fort of Seachlainn or locally Irish : Domhnach Seachnaill , meaning St Seachnall 's Church ) is a town in County Meath , Ireland . A commuter town for nearby Dublin , Dunshaughlin more than tripled in population ( from 1,275 to 4,035 inhabitants ) between the 1991 and 2016 censuses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Totnes", "text": "Totnes ( /ˈtɒtnɪs/ or /tɒtˈnɛs/ ) is a market town and civil parish at the head of the estuary of the River Dart in Devon , England within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . It is about 21 miles ( 34 km ) south-southwest of Exeter and is the administrative centre of the South Hams District Council . Totnes has a long recorded history , dating back to 907 , when its first castle was built . By the twelfth century it was already an important market town , and its former wealth and importance may be seen from the number of merchants ' houses built in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries . Today , the town is a thriving centre for music , art , theatre and natural health . It has a sizeable alternative and New Age community , and is known as a place where one can live a bohemian lifestyle . Two electoral wards mention Totnes ( Bridgetown and Town ) . Their combined populations at the 2011 UK Census was 8,076 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002_in_film", "text": "The year 2002 in film involved some significant events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Joaquin,_California", "text": "San Joaquin ( Spanish for Saint Joachim ) is a city in Fresno County , California , United States . The population was 4,001 at the 2010 census , up from 3,270 at the 2000 census . The nearest high school in the area is Tranquillity High School in Tranquillity . San Joaquin is located 11 miles ( 18 km ) southwest of Kerman , at an elevation of 174 feet ( 53 m ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stephen_Moyer", "text": "Stephen Moyer ( born Stephen John Emery ; 11 October 1969 ) is an English film and television actor and director who is best known as vampire Bill Compton in the HBO series True Blood . He was born in Brentwood , Essex and attended St Martin 's , a comprehensive school in Hutton , Essex . His first television role was in 1993 as Philip Masefield in the TV adaptation of the play Conjugal Rites , written by actor/playwright Roger Hall . This was followed by the television film Lord of Misrule , filmed in Fowey , Cornwall , which also featured Richard Wilson , Emily Mortimer and Prunella Scales . In 1997 , Moyer made his big-screen debut landing the lead role in the film adaptation of the long-running comic strip Prince Valiant by Hal Foster , working alongside Ron Perlman and Katherine Heigl . From 2 October 2017 , he starred as Reed Strucker , the lead role in Fox series The Gifted . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Yates", "text": "David Yates ( born ( 1963-10-08 ) 8 October 1963 ) is an English filmmaker who has directed films , short films , and television productions . Yates directed the final four films in the Harry Potter series . His work on the series brought him critical and commercial success along with accolades , such as the British Academy Britannia Award for Excellence in Directing . Yates 's subsequent projects include The Legend of Tarzan and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ( both 2016 ) , and its sequel , Fantastic Beasts : The Crimes of Grindelwald ( 2018 ) . Early in his career , Yates directed various short films and became a television director . His credits include the six-part political thriller State of Play ( 2003 ) , for which he won the Directors Guild of Great Britain Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement , the adult two-part documentary drama Sex Traffic ( 2004 ) and the Emmy Award-winning television film The Girl in the Café ( 2005 ) . Yates is a founding member of Directors UK . He has had a close partnership with Warner Bros. as a director and producer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Census", "text": "The United States Census ( plural censuses or census ) is a decennial census mandated by Article I , Section 2 of the United States Constitution , which states : Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States . according to their respective Numbers . . The actual Enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent Term of ten Years . [ a ] Section 2 of the 14th Amendment amended Article I , Section 2 to include that the respective Numbers of the several States will be determined by counting the whole number of persons in each State . excluding Indians not taxed . The United States Census Bureau ( officially the Bureau of the Census , as defined in Title 13 U.S.C . § 11 ) is responsible for the United States Census . The Bureau of the Census is part of the United States Department of Commerce . The first census after the American Revolution was taken in 1790 , under Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson ; there have been 22 federal censuses since that time . The current national census was held in 2010 ; the next census is scheduled for 2020 . Starting in 2013 , the Census Bureau began discussions on using technology to aid data collection starting with the 2020 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dun_Ringill", "text": "Dun Ringill ( Gaelic : Dùn , 'fort ' , Ringill , 'point of the ravine ' ) is an Iron Age hill fort on the Strathaird peninsula on the island of Skye , Scotland . Further fortified in the Middle Ages , tradition holds that it was for several centuries the seat of Clan MacKinnon . It is located east of Kirkibost on the west shore of Loch Slapin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Kok", "text": "George W. Kok Sr. ( March 18 , 1922 - October 5 , 2013 ) was an American basketball player . At the University of Arkansas in the 1940s , he was one of the first true big men to dominate the game . He was the second overall pick in the 1948 BAA draft , but never played in the league that was the predecessor of today 's National Basketball Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Yankees", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Yankees ( or GCL Yankees ) are the Rookie League affiliate of Major League Baseball 's New York Yankees . The GCL Yankees play in Tampa , Florida at the Yankee Complex . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents . The GCL Yankees have won the Gulf Coast League championship twelve times , most recently in 2017 by the GCL Yankees East squad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Karamah_SC", "text": "Al-Karamah Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الكرامة الرياضي ) is a Syrian football club based in the city of Homs . Founded in 1928 , it is considered to be one of Asia 's oldest sporting clubs . The club has won eight Syrian League titles and eight Syrian Cup titles . It also was the first Syrian club to win both the league and cup titles in the same year . The club is based at the Khaled Ibn Al Walid Stadium . In 2008 the club formed Board of Honor from a prominent business men of the city of Homs to support the club activities and Dr Mohammed Rahif Hakmi was elected as the Board Chairman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kowloon_City_District", "text": "Kowloon City District ( Chinese : 九龍城區 ; Cantonese Yale : Gáulùhng sìhng kēui ) is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong . It is located in the city of Kowloon . It had a population of 381,352 in 2001 , and increased to 418,732 in 2016 . The district has the third most educated residents while its residents enjoy the highest income in Kowloon . Kowloon City district covers approximately area of 1,000 hectares , and is mainly a residential area with the majority of its population living in private sector housing , including old tenement buildings , private residential developments and low-rise villas , while the rest of them mainly live in public rental housing and the Home Ownership Scheme estates . It is the only district that incorporated into the land of Hong Kong in different stages ( Convention of Peking , Convention for the Extension of Hong Kong Territory and the demolition of the Kowloon Walled City ) Kowloon City District is a relatively low density residential area . Areas include : Ho Man Tin , Hung Hom , Kai Tak Airport , Kowloon Tong , Ma Tau Wai , To Kwa Wan , and Whampoa Garden , and the proper Kowloon City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MyNetworkTV", "text": "MyNetworkTV ( unofficially abbreviated as MyTV , MyNet , MNT or MNTV ) , is an American television network/syndication service that is owned by Fox Corporation , operated by its Fox Television Stations division , and distributed through the syndication structure of 20th Television . MyNetworkTV began operations on September 5 , 2006 with an initial affiliate lineup covering about 96% of the country , most of which consisted of stations that were former affiliates of The WB and UPN that did not join the successor of those two networks , The CW . Under the ownership structure of Fox Corporation , the service is incorporated as a subsidiary company known as Master Distribution Service , Inc. On September 28 , 2009 , following disappointment with the network 's results , MyNetworkTV dropped its status as a television network and transitioned into a programming service , similar to Ion Television , relying mainly on repeats of recent broadcast and cable series . Fox Corporation retained MyNetworkTV after the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by The Walt Disney Company was completed on March 20 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1957_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1956-57 NHL season was the 40th season of the National Hockey League . Six teams each played 70 games . The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup for the second consecutive season , defeating the Boston Bruins four games to one in the best-of-seven final series . The final game was won with a clutch goal from Montreal defenseman Tom Johnson that clinched the Stanley Cup championship for the Canadiens 3-2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seven_Years'_War", "text": "The Seven Years ' War was a global war fought between 1756 and 1763 . It involved all five European great powers of the time plus many of the middle powers and spanned five continents , affecting Europe , the Americas , West Africa , India , and the Philippines . The conflict split Europe into two coalitions : one was led by the Kingdom of Great Britain and included the Kingdom of Prussia , the Kingdom of Portugal , the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( also named Hanover ) , and a few other small German states ; while the other was led by the Kingdom of France and included the Austrian-led Holy Roman Empire , including the Electorate of Saxony and most of the smaller German states , the Russian Empire ( until 1762 ) , the Kingdom of Spain , and Sweden . The Dutch Republic , Denmark-Norway , the Italian States , and the Ottoman Empire did not participate . Meanwhile , in India , some regional polities within the increasingly fragmented Mughal Empire , with the support of the French , failed to defeat a British attempt to conquer Bengal . Although Anglo-French skirmishes over their American colonies had begun in 1754 , with what became known in the United States as the French and Indian War , the large-scale conflict that drew in most of the European powers was centered on Austria 's desire to recover Silesia from Prussia . Seeing the opportunity to curtail Britain 's and Prussia 's ever-growing might , France and Austria put aside their ancient rivalry to form a grand coalition of their own , bringing most of the other European powers to their side . Faced with this sudden turn of events , Britain aligned itself with Prussia , in a series of political manoeuvres known as the Diplomatic Revolution . However , French efforts ended in failure when the Anglo-Prussian coalition prevailed , and Britain 's rise as among the world 's predominant powers destroyed France 's supremacy in Europe , thus altering the European balance of power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athens,_Georgia", "text": "Athens , officially Athens-Clarke County , is a consolidated city-county and college town in the U.S. state of Georgia . Athens lies about 70 mi ( 113 km ) northeast of downtown Atlanta , a global city . The University of Georgia , the state 's flagship public university and an R1 research institution , is in Athens and contributed to its initial growth . In 1991 , after a vote the preceding year , the original City of Athens abandoned its charter to form a unified government with Clarke County , referred to jointly as Athens-Clarke County . As of 2017 [ update ] , the U.S. Census Bureau 's estimated population of the consolidated city-county ( all of Clarke County except Winterville and a portion of Bogart ) was 125,691 ; the entire county including Winterville and Bogart had a population of 127,064 . Athens is the sixth-largest city in Georgia , and the principal city of the Athens metropolitan area , which had a 2017 estimated population of 209,271 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Metropolitan Athens is a component of the larger Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs Combined Statistical Area , a trading area . The city is dominated by a pervasive student culture and music scene centered on downtown Athens , next to the University of Georgia 's North Campus . Major music acts associated with Athens include numerous alternative rock bands such as R.E.M. , the B-52 's , Widespread Panic , and Neutral Milk Hotel . The city is also known as a recording site for such groups as the Atlanta-based Indigo Girls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speaker_of_the_Iowa_House_of_Representatives", "text": "The Iowa House of Representatives is the lower house of the Iowa General Assembly , the upper house being the Iowa Senate . There are 100 seats in the Iowa House of Representatives , representing 100 single-member districts across the state , formed by dividing the 50 Senate districts in half . Each district has a population of approximately 30,464 as of the 2010 United States Census [ update ] . The House of Representatives meets at the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines . Unlike the upper house , the Iowa Senate , state House representatives serve two-year terms with the whole chamber up for re-election in even-numbered years . There are no term limits for the House ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Indies_cricket_team", "text": "The West Indies cricket team , nicknamed the Windies , is a multi-national men 's cricket team representing the mainly English-speaking nations and territories in the Caribbean region and administered by Cricket West Indies . The players on this composite team are selected from a chain of fifteen Caribbean territories , which are parts of several different countries and dependencies . As of 29 December 2019 [ update ] , the West Indies cricket team is ranked eighth in the world in Tests , ninth in One-Day Internationals ( ODIs ) and tenth in Twenty20 Internationals ( T20Is ) in the official International Cricket Council ( ICC ) rankings . From the mid-late 1970s to the early 1990s , the West Indies team was the strongest in the world in both Test and One Day International cricket . A number of cricketers who were considered among the best in the world have hailed from the West Indies : Sir Garfield Sobers , Lance Gibbs , George Headley , Brian Lara , Clive Lloyd , Malcolm Marshall , Alvin Kalicharan , Sir Andy Roberts , Rohan Kanhai , Sir Frank Worrell , Sir Clyde Walcott , Sir Everton Weekes , Sir Curtly Ambrose , Michael Holding , Courtney Walsh , Joel Garner , Sir Viv Richards and Sir Wes Hall have all been inducted into the ICC Hall of Fame . The West Indies have won the ICC Cricket World Cup twice ( 1975 and 1979 ) , the ICC World Twenty20 twice ( 2012 and 2016 ) , the ICC Champions Trophy once ( 2004 ) , the ICC Under 19 Cricket World Cup once ( 2016 ) , and have also finished as runners-up in the Cricket World Cup ( 1983 ) , the Under 19 Cricket World Cup ( 2004 ) , and the ICC Champions Trophy ( 2006 ) . The West Indies appeared in three consecutive World Cup finals ( 1975 , 1979 and 1983 ) , and were the first team to win back-to-back World Cups ( 1975 and 1979 ) . The West Indies has hosted the 2007 Cricket World Cup and the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 . In June 2019 , during the 2019 Cricket World Cup , the West Indies played their 800th ODI match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Change_of_Habit", "text": "Change of Habit is a 1969 American drama film directed by William A. Graham and starring Elvis Presley and Mary Tyler Moore . Written by James Lee , S.S. Schweitzer , and Eric Bercovici , based on a story by John Joseph and Richard Morris , the film is about three Catholic nuns , preparing for their final vows , who are sent to a rough inner city neighborhood dressed as lay missionaries to work at a clinic run by a young doctor . Their lives become complicated by the realities they face in the inner city , and by the doctor who falls in love with one of the nuns . The film was produced by Joe Connelly for NBC Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures . Filmed on location in the Los Angeles area and at the Universal Studios during March and April 1969 , Change of Habit was released in the United States on November 10 , 1969 . It spent four weeks on the Variety Box Office Survey , peaking at # 17 . Change of Habit was Presley 's 31st and final film acting role ; his remaining film appearances were in concert documentaries . The film was Moore 's fourth and final film under her brief Universal Pictures contract ; she would not appear in another theatrical movie until Ordinary People in 1980 . Moore and Edward Asner , who also appears in the film , would go on to star in The Mary Tyler Moore Show , which premiered in September of the following year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alvin_Davis", "text": "Alvin Glenn Davis ( born September 9 , 1960 ) , nicknamed Mr. Mariner , is a former Major League Baseball first baseman and designated hitter . He played eight of his nine seasons for the Seattle Mariners and won the American League Rookie of the Year Award in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Providence", "text": "New Providence is the most populous island in The Bahamas , containing more than 70% of the total population . It is the location of the national capital city of Nassau , whose boundaries are coincident with the island ; it had a population of 246,329 at the 2010 Census ; the latest estimate ( 2016 ) is 274,400 . The island was originally under Spanish control following Christopher Columbus 's discovery of the New World , but the Spanish government showed little interest in developing the island ( and The Bahamas as a whole ) . Nassau , the island 's largest city , was formerly known as Charles-town , but it was burned to the ground by the Spanish in 1684 . It was laid out and renamed Nassau in 1695 by Nicholas Trott , the most successful Lord Proprietor , in honor of the Prince of Orange-Nassau who became William III of England . The three branches of Bahamian Government : the executive , the legislative , and the judiciary , are all headquartered on New Providence . New Providence functions as the main commercial hub of The Bahamas . It is also home to more than 400 banks and trust companies , and its hotels and port account for more than two-thirds of the four million-plus tourists who visit The Bahamas annually . Other settlements on New Providence include Grants Town , Bain Town , Fox Hill , Adelaide , Yamacraw , South Beach , Coral Harbour , Lyford Cay , Paradise Island , Sea Breeze , Centreville , The Grove ( South ) and The Grove ( West Bay ) , Cable Beach , Delaporte , Gambier , Old Fort Bay , and Love Beach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Munich_Biennale", "text": "The Munich Biennale ( German : Münchener Biennale ) is an opera festival in the city of Munich . The full German name is Internationales Festival für neues Musiktheater , literally : International Festival for New Music Theater . The biennial festival was created in 1988 by Hans Werner Henze and is held in even-numbered years over 2-3 weeks in the late spring . The festival concentrates on world premieres of theater-related contemporary music , with a particular focus on commissioning first operas from young composers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_(Olympic_mascot)", "text": "Sam the Olympic Eagle was the mascot of the 1984 Summer Olympics which were held in Los Angeles . He is a bald eagle , which is the national bird of the United States , where the games were held . Intended as a patriotic symbol , being named Sam also suggests a kinship with Uncle Sam , another American symbol . The mascot was designed by Bob Moore , an artist for Disney . Guests of Disneyland , as well as those reading documentation about mascot designs for the Olympics , often confuse the mascot for another Disney mascot named Eagle Sam , host of the former Disneyland attraction America Sings , and designed by animator Marc Davis in c. 1973 . He shares the name of Sam the Eagle from The Muppet Show , but the design is vastly different . He is still known as Eagle Sam in Japan , where an animated series of the same name ran during 1983 , the year preceding the Summer Olympics . Even after the conclusion of the Games , Sam the Eagle is still used to promote a track and field event , the Mt . SAC Relays at Mt . San Antonio College , specifically its LA84 Youth Days promotion for youth interested in athletics , run by a charitable group founded during the Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shahid_Mansouri_Gharchak_FSC", "text": "Shahid Mansouri Gharchak Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال شهید منصوری قرچک ) is an Iranian Futsal club based in Gharchak , Iran ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Principality_of_Albania_(medieval)", "text": "Principality of Albania ( 1368-1392 ) was an Albanian principality formed after the disestablishment of Kingdom of Albania , by Karl Thopia . The principality changed hands between the Thopia dynasty and the Balšić dynasty , until 1392 , when Durrës was annexed by the Republic of Venice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luke_McDonnell", "text": "Luke McDonnell ( born July 19 , 1959 ) is an American artist whose early career was spent specialising in comic books ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eureka,_CA", "text": "Eureka ( Hupa : do'-wi-lotl-ding , Karuk : uuth ) is the principal city and county seat of Humboldt County in the Redwood Empire region of California . The city is located on U.S. Route 101 on the shores of Humboldt Bay , 270 miles ( 430 km ) north of San Francisco and 100 miles ( 160 km ) south of the Oregon border . At the 2010 census , the population of the city was 27,191 , and the population of Greater Eureka was 45,034 . Eureka is the largest coastal city between San Francisco and Portland , Oregon , and the westernmost city of more than 25,000 residents in the 48 contiguous states . It is the regional center for government , health care , trade , and the arts on the North Coast north of the San Francisco Bay Area . Greater Eureka , one of California 's major commercial fishing ports , is the location of the largest deep-water port between San Francisco and Coos Bay , a stretch of about 500 miles ( 800 km ) . The headquarters of both the Six Rivers National Forest and the North Coast Redwoods District of the California State Parks System are in Eureka . As entrepôt for hundreds of lumber mills that once existed in the area , the city played a leading role in the historic West Coast lumber trade . The entire city is a state historic landmark , which has hundreds of significant Victorian homes , including the nationally recognized Carson Mansion , and the city has retained its original 19th-century commercial core as a nationally recognized Old Town Historic District . Eureka is home to California 's oldest zoo , the Sequoia Park Zoo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Upper_Clapton", "text": "Upper Clapton is a district in the London Borough of Hackney , forming part of Clapton in northeast London , England . Upper Clapton approximates to the northern part of the E5 ( Clapton ) postal district . The district borders the River Lea ( spelled Lea or Lee ) to the east and the border with Lower Clapton to the south is marked by the Lea Bridge and Kenninghall Roads . Neither Upper Clapton nor the wider Clapton area have ever been an administrative unit and consequently their extent has never been formally determined . Describing Upper Clapton as northern E5 is useful but also informal and imperfect , for instance a small area of Clapton Common and the immediately adjacent community is excluded from the postal district despite almost always being publicly viewed as being part of Upper Clapton . As is frequently the case with London districts , these boundaries are often uncertain and overlapping because of the meeting of the developing expansion of the original settlements . Western parts of the area are often considered part of a wider Stamford Hill , understandable perhaps because of the public transport junction and shopping area at Stamford Broadway , and that the Hasidic Jewish community identified as being located in Stamford Hill extends into Upper Clapton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bristol", "text": "Bristol ( /ˈbrɪstəl/ ( listen ) ) is a city and county in South West England with a population of 463,400 . The wider district has the 10th-largest population in England . The urban area population of 724,000 is the 8th-largest in the UK . The city borders North Somerset and South Gloucestershire , with the cities of Bath and Gloucester to the south-east and north-east , respectively . South Wales lies across the Severn estuary . Iron Age hill forts and Roman villas were built near the confluence of the rivers Frome and Avon , and around the beginning of the 11th century , the settlement was known as Brycgstow ( Old English the place at the bridge ) . Bristol received a royal charter in 1155 and was historically divided between Gloucestershire and Somerset until 1373 when it became a county of itself . From the 13th to the 18th century , Bristol was among the top three English cities , after London , in tax receipts . Bristol was surpassed by the rapid rise of Birmingham , Manchester and Liverpool in the Industrial Revolution . Bristol was a starting place for early voyages of exploration to the New World . On a ship out of Bristol in 1497 John Cabot , a Venetian , became the first European since the Vikings to land on mainland North America . In 1499 William Weston , a Bristol merchant , was the first Englishman to lead an exploration to North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinematic_viscosity", "text": "The viscosity of a fluid is a measure of its resistance to deformation at a given rate . For liquids , it corresponds to the informal concept of thickness : for example , syrup has a higher viscosity than water . Viscosity can be conceptualized as quantifying the internal frictional force that arises between adjacent layers of fluid that are in relative motion . For instance , when a fluid is forced through a tube , it flows more quickly near the tube 's axis than near its walls . In such a case , experiments show that some stress ( such as a pressure difference between the two ends of the tube ) is needed to sustain the flow through the tube . This is because a force is required to overcome the friction between the layers of the fluid which are in relative motion : the strength of this force is proportional to the viscosity . A fluid that has no resistance to shear stress is known as an ideal or inviscid fluid . Zero viscosity is observed only at very low temperatures in superfluids . Otherwise , the second law of thermodynamics requires all fluids to have positive viscosity ; such fluids are technically said to be viscous or viscid . A fluid with a high viscosity , such as pitch , may appear to be a solid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diocletian's_Palace", "text": "Diocletian 's Palace ( Croatian : Dioklecijanova palača , pronounced [ diɔklɛt͡sijǎːnɔʋa pǎlat͡ʃa ] ) is an ancient palace built for the Roman emperor Diocletian at the turn of the fourth century AD , which today forms about half the old town of Split , Croatia . While it is referred to as a palace because of its intended use as the retirement residence of Diocletian , the term can be misleading as the structure is massive and more resembles a large fortress : about half of it was for Diocletian 's personal use , and the rest housed the military garrison . The complex was built on a peninsula six kilometers southwest from Salona , the capital of Dalmatia ( Roman province ) , one of the largest cities of the late empire with 60,000 people and the birthplace of Diocletian . The terrain around Salona slopes gently seaward and is typical karst , consisting of low limestone ridges running east to west with marl in the clefts between them . Today the remains of the palace are part of the historic core of Split , which in 1979 was listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003_West_Virginia_Mountaineers_football_team", "text": "The 2003 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season . They were led by head coach Rich Rodriguez and played their home games at Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium in Morgantown , West Virginia . They rebounded from a 1-4 start to end the season 8-5 and captured a share of the Big East Conference Championship , the school 's first since 1993 . The team earned a trip to the 2004 Gator Bowl , where they lost a rematch to the rival Maryland Terrapins 41-7 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Markham,_Ontario", "text": "Markham ( /ˈmɑːrkəm/ ) is a city in the Regional Municipality of York in Southern Ontario , Canada . It is approximately 30 km ( 19 mi ) northeast of Downtown Toronto . In the 2016 Census , Markham had a population of 328,940 , which ranked it the largest in York Region , fourth largest in the Greater Toronto Area ( GTA ) , and 16th largest in Canada . The city gained its name from the first Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada , John Graves Simcoe ( in office 1791-1796 ) , who named the area after his friend , William Markham , the Archbishop of York from 1776 to 1807 . The first European settlement in Markham occurred when William Berczy , a German artist and developer , led a group of approximately sixty-four German families to North America . While they planned to settle in New York , disputes over finances and land tenure led Berczy to negotiate with Simcoe for 64,000 acres ( 260 km2 ) in Markham Township in 1794 . Since the 1970s , Markham rapidly shifted from being an agricultural community to an industrialized municipality due to urban sprawl from neighbouring Toronto . Markham changed its status from town to city on July 1 , 2012 . As of 2013 [ update ] tertiary industry mainly drives Markham . As of 2010 [ update ] , business services employed the largest proportion of workers in Markham - nearly 22% of its labour force . The city also has over 1,000 technology and life-sciences companies , with IBM as the city 's largest employer . Several multinational companies have their Canadian headquarters in Markham , including : Honda Canada , Hyundai , Advanced Micro Devices , Johnson & Johnson , Avaya , IBM , Motorola , Oracle , Toshiba , Toyota Financial Services , Huawei , Honeywell and Scholastic Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Goguen", "text": "Robert R. Goguen QC ( born January 24 , 1957 ) is a Canadian former politician , who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election . He represented the electoral district of Moncton - Riverview - Dieppe as a member of the Conservative Party , and served in the House of Commons as parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Justice and Attorney-General . He is the past president of the Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Bezos", "text": "Jeffrey Preston Bezos ( /ˈbeɪzoʊs/ ; [ a ] né Jorgensen ; born January 12 , 1964 ) is an American internet and aerospace entrepreneur , media proprietor , and investor . He is best known as the founder , chief executive officer , and president of Amazon . The first centi-billionaire on the Forbes wealth index , Bezos was named the richest man in modern history after his net worth increased to $ 150 billion in July 2018 . In September 2018 , Forbes described him as far richer than anyone else on the planet as he added $ 1.8 billion to his net worth when Amazon became the second company in history to reach a market cap of $ 1 trillion . Bezos was born in Albuquerque , New Mexico , and raised in Houston , Texas . He graduated from Princeton University in 1986 with a degree in electrical engineering and computer science . He worked on Wall Street in a variety of related fields from 1986 to early 1994 . He founded the online retailer Amazon in late 1994 on a cross-country road trip from New York City to Seattle . The company began as an online bookstore and has since expanded to a wide variety of other e-commerce products and services , including video and audio streaming , cloud computing , and artificial intelligence . It is currently the world 's largest online sales company , the largest internet company by revenue , as well as the world 's largest provider of AI assistance and cloud infrastructure services through its Amazon Web Services arm . Bezos founded the aerospace manufacturer and sub-orbital spaceflight services company Blue Origin in 2000 . A Blue Origin test flight successfully first reached space in 2015 , and the company has upcoming plans to begin commercial suborbital human spaceflight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_State_Highway_22", "text": "Minnesota State Highway 22 ( MN 22 ) is a 166.325-mile-long ( 267.674 km ) highway in south-central and central Minnesota , which runs from Winnebago County Road R50 at the Iowa state line near Kiester and continues north to its northern terminus at its intersection with State Highway 23 in Richmond , west of St . Cloud ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ahmad_Syihan_Hazmi_Mohamed", "text": "Ahmad Syihan Hazmi Bin Mohamed ( born 22 February 1996 ) is a Malaysian national footballer who plays as a goalkeeper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bee_Gees", "text": "The Bee Gees were a pop music group formed in 1958 . Their lineup consisted of brothers Barry , Robin , and Maurice Gibb . The trio were especially successful as a popular music act in the late 1960s and early 1970s , and later as prominent performers of the disco music era in the mid-to-late 1970s . The group sang recognisable three-part tight harmonies ; Robin 's clear vibrato lead vocals were a hallmark of their earlier hits , while Barry 's R & B falsetto became their signature sound during the mid-to-late 1970s and 1980s . The Bee Gees wrote all of their own hits , as well as writing and producing several major hits for other artists . Born on the Isle of Man to English parents , the Gibb brothers lived in Chorlton , Manchester , England until the late 1950s . There , in 1955 , they formed the skiffle/rock and roll group the Rattlesnakes . The family then moved to Redcliffe , in the Moreton Bay Region , Queensland , Australia , and then to Cribb Island . After achieving their first chart success in Australia as the Bee Gees with Spicks and Specks ( their 12th single ) , they returned to the UK in January 1967 , when producer Robert Stigwood began promoting them to a worldwide audience . The Bee Gees have sold between 120 million to 220 million records worldwide , making them one of the world 's best-selling artists of all time . They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 ; the presenter of the award to Britain 's first family of harmony was Brian Wilson , historical frontman of the Beach Boys , another family act featuring three harmonising brothers . The Bee Gees ' Hall of Fame citation says , Only Elvis Presley , the Beatles , Michael Jackson , Garth Brooks and Paul McCartney have outsold the Bee Gees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Associação_Atlética_Ponte_Preta", "text": "Associação Atlética Ponte Preta ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ɐsosjɐˈsɐ̃w ɐˈtlɛtʃikɐ ˈpõtʃi ˈpɾetɐ ] ) , commonly known as Ponte Preta , is a Brazilian football club located in Campinas , São Paulo . Ponte Preta is also known as Macaca . Ponte Preta 's biggest rival is from the same city , Guarani , against whom matches are known as derby ( dérbi in Portuguese ) . They are known as pontepretanos . Ponte Preta is the second oldest football team established in Brazil still in activity , founded on August 11 , 1900 , the oldest being Sport Club Rio Grande , of Rio Grande do Sul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miangas", "text": "Miangas or Palmas is North Sulawesi 's northernmost island , and one of 92 officially listed outlying islands of Indonesia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greenwich_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Greenwich was a constituency in south-east London , which returned two then ( from 1885 ) one member ( MP ) to the House of Commons of the UK Parliament . It existed from 1832 to 1997 . Elections used the first past the post system ; when this elects more than one member it is sometimes called plurality-at-large voting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Europe", "text": "Europe is a continent located entirely in the Northern Hemisphere and mostly in the Eastern Hemisphere . It comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia and is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north , the Atlantic Ocean to the west , the Mediterranean Sea to the south , and Asia to the east . The eastern border comprises a long and mixed line of mountain ranges and waterways that would normally define a subcontinent . However , Europe is generally accorded the status of a full continent because of its great physical size and the weight of history and tradition . It is the 6th largest continent in the world . Europe is commonly considered to be separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains , the Ural River , the Caspian and Black Seas and the waterways of the Turkish Straits . Europe covers about 10,180,000 square kilometres ( 3,930,000 sq mi ) , or 2% of the Earth 's surface ( 6.8% of land area ) . Politically , Europe is divided into about fifty sovereign states of which Russia is the largest and most populous , spanning 39% of the continent and comprising 15% of its population . Europe had a total population of about 741 million ( about 11% of the world population ) as of 2018 [ update ] . The European climate is largely affected by warm Atlantic currents that temper winters and summers on much of the continent , even at latitudes along which the climate in Asia and North America is severe . Further from the sea , seasonal differences are more noticeable than close to the coast . Europe , in particular ancient Greece and ancient Rome , was the birthplace of Western civilisation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sherbrooke,_Quebec", "text": "Sherbrooke ( /ˈʃɜːrbrʊk/ ; French pronunciation : ​ [ ʃɛʁbʁuk ] ; Quebec French pronunciation [ ʃɛʁbʁʊk ] ) is a city in southern Quebec , Canada . Sherbrooke is situated at the confluence of the Saint-François ( St. Francis ) and Magog rivers in the heart of the Estrie administrative region . Sherbrooke is also the name of a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality ( TE ) and census division ( CD ) of Quebec , coextensive with the city of Sherbrooke . With 161,323 residents at the 2016 census , Sherbrooke was the sixth largest city in the province of Quebec and the thirtieth largest in Canada . The Sherbrooke Census Metropolitan Area had 212,105 inhabitants , making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Quebec and nineteenth largest in Canada . Originally known as Hyatt 's Mill , it was renamed after Sir John Coape Sherbrooke ( 1764-1840 ) , a British general who was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia ( 1812-1816 ) , and Governor General of British North America ( 1816-1818 ) . Sherbrooke is the primary economic , political , cultural and institutional centre of Estrie , and was known as the Queen of the Eastern Townships at the beginning of the 20th century . There are eight institutions educating 40,000 students and employing 11,000 people , 3,700 of whom are professors , teachers and researchers . The direct economic impact of these institutions exceeds 1 billion dollars . The proportion of university students is 10.32 students per 100 inhabitants . In proportion to its population , Sherbrooke has the largest concentration of students in Quebec . Since the nineteenth century , Sherbrooke has been a manufacturing centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Butyrskaya", "text": "Maria Viktorovna Butyrskaya ( Russian : Мария Викторовна Бутырская , born 28 June 1972 ) is a Russian figure skater . She is the 1999 World champion and a three-time European champion - becoming the oldest skater and the first Russian to win the World ladies ' title and the oldest skater to win the European ladies ' title ( 2002 at age 29 ) . Butyrskaya placed fourth at the 1998 Winter Olympics and sixth at the 2002 Winter Olympics . She won the Russian national title six times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Post_town", "text": "A post town is a required part of all postal addresses in the United Kingdom and Ireland , and a basic unit of the postal delivery system . Including the correct post town in the address increases the chance of a letter or parcel being delivered on time . Post towns in general originated as the location of delivery offices . As of 2004 [ update ] , their main function is to distinguish between localities or street names in addresses not including a postcode ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Physicist", "text": "A physicist is a scientist who specializes in the field of physics , which encompasses the interactions of matter and energy at all length and time scales in the physical universe . Physicists generally are interested in the root or ultimate causes of phenomena , and usually frame their understanding in mathematical terms . Physicists work across a wide range of research fields , spanning all length scales : from sub-atomic and particle physics , through biological physics , to cosmological length scales encompassing the universe as a whole . The field generally includes two types of physicists : experimental physicists who specialize in the observation of physical phenomena and the analysis of experiments , and theoretical physicists who specialize in mathematical modeling of physical systems to rationalize , explain and predict natural phenomena . Physicists can apply their knowledge towards solving practical problems or to developing new technologies ( also known as applied physics or engineering physics ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florin_Nebunu", "text": "Florin Nebunu ( born April 21 , 1987 , in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast . He won three world championships medals ( one gold , one silver , and one bronze ) and two European championships medals ( one gold and one bronze ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bonne_Terre,_Missouri", "text": "Bonne Terre ( /bɒnˈtɛər/ bon-TAIR ) is a city in St. Francois County , Missouri , United States . The population was 6,864 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hugo_Award", "text": "The Hugo Award is an annual literary award for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year , given at the World Science Fiction Convention and chosen by its members . The Hugo is widely considered the premier award in science fiction . The award is administered by the World Science Fiction Society . It is named after Hugo Gernsback , the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine Amazing Stories . Hugos were first given in 1953 , at the 11th World Science Fiction Convention , and have been awarded every year since 1955 . The award is given in categories which have changed over the years . As of 2019 [ update ] the award is conferred in seventeen categories of written and dramatic works . The 2019 awards were presented at the 77th Worldcon , Dublin 2019 : An Irish Worldcon , in Dublin on August 18 , 2019 . The 2020 awards will be presented at the 78th Worldcon , CoNZealand , in Wellington , New Zealand on August 1 , 2020 . For lists of winners and nominees in each category , see the list of award categories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sergei_Fedorov", "text": "Sergei Viktorovich Fyodorov ( Серге́й Викторович Фёдоров ; born December 13 , 1969 ) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player and the current general manager of CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) . During his playing career , Fedorov was primarily a centre , but occasionally played as a winger or defenceman . Fedorov gained fame in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for his unique style of play with the Detroit Red Wings , with whom he won the Stanley Cup three times , as well as the Hart Memorial Trophy as the NHL 's most valuable player in 1994 . After a highly publicized departure from the Red Wings in the summer of 2003 , Fedorov played stints with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , Columbus Blue Jackets and Washington Capitals before retiring from the NHL in 2009 . He played in over 1,200 NHL games and scored 483 goals in the NHL . He is a three-time Olympian , the first European-trained player to win the Hart Trophy and is considered to be one of the best playoff performers in NHL history . In 2017 , Fedorov was named one of the 100 Greatest NHL Players in history . Fedorov was considered one of the best players in the world in the 1990s leading into the early 2000s . He last played for Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the KHL , where he was made captain in early September 2011 . He was also an ambassador for Russia at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . Fedorov was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 9 , 2015 , and to the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashbourne,_County_Meath", "text": "Ashbourne , historically called Killeglan or Kildeglan ( Irish : Cill Dhéagláin , meaning Déaglán 's church ) , is the second largest town in County Meath , Ireland . It is about 20 km north of Dublin close to the M2 motorway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Braunfels,_Texas", "text": "New Braunfels ( /ˈbrɔːnfɛlz/ ( listen ) BRAWN-felz ) is a city in Comal and Guadalupe counties in the U.S. state of Texas known for its Germanic Heritage . It is the seat of Comal County . The city covers 44.9 square miles ( 116 km2 ) and has a 2018 estimated population of 84,612 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cebu_City", "text": "Cebu City , officially the City of Cebu ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Sugbu ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Cebu ) is a 1st class and highly urbanized city of the island of Cebu in the Central Visayas Region , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 922,611 people , making it the fifth-most populated city in the nation and the most populous in the Visayas . It is the regional center of Central Visayas and is the seat of government for the province of Cebu , but is governed separately from it . The city is a significant center of commerce , trade and education in the Visayas . It is the Philippines ' main domestic shipping port , and is home to about 80% of the country 's domestic shipping companies . Located in the middle of the eastern side of Cebu Island , it is the center of Metro Cebu , the second largest metropolitan area in the Philippines by population , economy and land area , which includes the cities of Carcar , Danao , Lapu-Lapu , Mandaue , Naga and Talisay ; and the municipalities ( towns ) of Compostela , Consolacion , Cordova , Liloan , Minglanilla and San Fernando . Metro Cebu had a total population of 2,849,213 as of 2015 , making it the second-most populous metropolitan area of the nation , after Metro Manila in Luzon . Cebu is the country 's oldest city ; it was the first Spanish settlement , and the first capital of the Philippines . It is the Second City of the Philippines after Manila . The city is considered the birthplace of Christianity in the Far East . Cebu is bounded on the north by the town of Balamban and the city of Danao , on the west by the city of Toledo , on the east by the cities of Lapu-Lapu and Mandaue and the towns of Liloan , Consolacion and Compostela , and on the south by the city of Talisay . It has entered the list of Condé Nast Traveler thrice : Last 2016 , 2017 , and 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Candi_Staton", "text": "Canzetta Maria Candi Staton ( /ˈsteɪtən/ , STAY-tən ) ( born March 13 , 1940 ) is an American singer-songwriter , best known in the United States for her 1970 remake of Tammy Wynette 's Stand By Your Man and her 1976 disco chart-topper Young Hearts Run Free . In Europe , Staton 's biggest selling record is the anthemic You Got the Love from 1986 , released in collaboration with the Source . Staton was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame . Staton is a four-time Grammy Award nominee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ray_Eliot", "text": "Raymond Eliot Nusspickel ( June 13 , 1905 - February 24 , 1980 ) was an American football and baseball player , coach , and college athletics administrator . He served as the head football coach Illinois College from 1933 to 1936 and at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1942 to 1959 , compiling a career college football record of 102-82-13 . Eliot was also the head baseball coach at Illinois College from 1933 to 1937 . His Illinois Fighting Illini football teams won three Big Ten Conference championships ( 1946 , 1951 , and 1953 ) and two Rose Bowls ( 1947 and 1952 ) . Eliot , who spent almost his entire career at the University of Illinois - he was a student athlete , an assistant football coach , head football coach , associate athletic director , and finally the interim athletic director for the university - was nicknamed Mr. Illini . He attended the University of Illinois , played as a guard on the football team in 1930 and 1931 , and was a member of Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity . He died of an apparent heart attack on February 24 , 1980 in Urbana , Illinois . Eliot is remembered by the Illinois High School Football Coaches Association through its Ray Eliot award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1930_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1929-30 NHL season was the 13th season of the National Hockey League . Ten teams played 44 games each . The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favoured Boston Bruins two games to none for the Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_South_American_Games", "text": "The 2014 South American Games was a multi-sport event that took place in Santiago , Chile . It was the 10th edition of the ODESUR South American Games . Santiago hosted this event for the second time , the first being in 1986 . Most of the events took place in and around the National Stadium . The games were held between March 7 to 18 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002_ABC_Under-18_Championship_for_Women", "text": "The ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 2002 is the 16th edition of the ABC 's junior championship for basketball . The games were held at Taipei from December 21-30 , 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potsgrove", "text": "Potsgrove is a village and civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire , England . The parish includes the hamlet of Sheep Lane . It is in the civil parish of Milton Bryan . The first reference to the village appears in the Domesday Book of 1086 . The village is first recorded as Potesgraue . Later references record the village as Pottesgrove , which is still used in the name of the local ecclesiastical parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Katherine_Mansfield", "text": "Kathleen Mansfield Murry ( née Beauchamp ; 14 October 1888 - 9 January 1923 ) was a prominent New Zealand modernist short story writer and poet who was born and brought up in colonial New Zealand and wrote under the pen name of Katherine Mansfield . At the age of 19 , she left New Zealand and settled in England , where she became a friend of writers such as D. H. Lawrence and Virginia Woolf . Mansfield was diagnosed with extrapulmonary tuberculosis in 1917 ; the disease claimed her life at the age of 34 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Major_League_Soccer_season", "text": "The 2014 Major League Soccer season was the 102nd season of FIFA-sanctioned soccer in the United States and Canada , the 36th with a national first-division league , and the 19th season of Major League Soccer . This season featured 19 total clubs ( 16 from the United States and 3 from Canada ) , each playing 34 matches during the regular season . The 2014 Regular Season started on March 8 with Sporting Kansas City , the defending MLS Cup champion , playing at the Seattle Sounders FC . The 2014 Major League Soccer All-Star Game was held on August 6 in Providence Park in Portland , Oregon ( hosted by the Portland Timbers ) and featured a team of MLS All-Stars against Bayern Munich , the Bundesliga champions for the past two seasons . The game resulted in a 2-1 victory for the MLS All-Stars . The regular season ended on October 26 ; Seattle Sounders FC won the Supporters ' Shield and the LA Galaxy went on to win the MLS Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AstraZeneca", "text": "AstraZeneca plc is a British-Swedish multinational pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical company . In 2013 , it moved its headquarters to Cambridge , United Kingdom , and concentrated its R & D in three sites : Cambridge ; Gaithersburg , Maryland , USA ( location of MedImmune ) for work on biopharmaceuticals ; and Mölndal ( near Gothenburg ) in Sweden , for research on traditional chemical drugs . AstraZeneca has a portfolio of products for major disease areas including cancer , cardiovascular , gastrointestinal , infection , neuroscience , respiratory and inflammation . The company was founded in 1999 through the merger of the Swedish Astra AB and the British Zeneca Group ( itself formed by the demerger of the pharmaceutical operations of Imperial Chemical Industries in 1993 ) . Since the merger it has been among the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies and has made numerous corporate acquisitions , including Cambridge Antibody Technology ( in 2006 ) , MedImmune ( in 2007 ) , Spirogen ( in 2013 ) and Definiens ( by MedImmune in 2014 ) . AstraZeneca has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index . It has secondary listings on the New York Stock Exchange and the OMX exchange ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Porto_Velho", "text": "Porto Velho ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈpoʁtu ˈvɛʎu ] , Old Port ) is the capital of the Brazilian state of Rondônia , in the upper Amazon River basin , and a Catholic Metropolitan Archbishopric . The population is 519,531 people ( as of the IBGE 2018 estimation ) . Located on the border of Rondônia and the state of Amazonas , the town is an important trading center for cassiterite , the mining of which represents the most important economic activity in the region , as well as a transportation and communication center . It is on the eastern shore of the Madeira River , one of the main tributaries of the Amazon River . It is also Rondônia 's largest city , and the largest state capital of Brazil by area . The municipality occupies most of the border between Amazonas and Rondônia , and is both the westernmost and northernmost city in the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_shipwrecks_in_April_1941", "text": "The list of shipwrecks in April 1941 includes all ships sunk , foundered , grounded , or otherwise lost during April 1941 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raymond_James_Stadium", "text": "Raymond James Stadium , also known as Ray Jay , is a multi-purpose stadium located in Tampa , Florida . It is home to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League ( NFL ) as well as the NCAA 's South Florida Bulls football team and the Tampa Bay Vipers of the XFL . The stadium seats 65,618 . With the addition of temporary seating , it can be expanded to 75,000 for special events . Raymond James Stadium hosted Super Bowls XXXV and XLIII , as well as the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship . It is also set to host WrestleMania 36 on April 5 , 2020 and Super Bowl LV on February 7 , 2021 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zsolt_Baumgartner", "text": "Zsolt Baumgartner ( born 1 January 1981 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian former racing driver who raced for the Jordan and Minardi teams in Formula One . He remains the only Hungarian driver to have competed in Formula One ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania", "text": "Pennsylvania ( /ˌpɛnsəlˈveɪniə/ ( listen ) PEN-səl-VAY-nee-ə ) , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a state located in the Northeastern , Great Lakes , Appalachian , and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States . The Appalachian Mountains run through its middle . The Commonwealth is bordered by Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east . Pennsylvania is the 33rd-largest state by area , and the 5th-most populous state according to the most recent official U.S. Census count in 2010 . It is the 9th-most densely populated of the 50 states . Pennsylvania 's two most populous cities are Philadelphia ( 1,580,863 ) , and Pittsburgh ( 302,407 ) . The state capital and its 10th-largest city is Harrisburg . Pennsylvania has 140 miles ( 225 km ) of waterfront along Lake Erie and the Delaware River . The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States ; it came into being in 1681 as a result of a royal land grant to William Penn , the son of the state 's namesake . Part of Pennsylvania ( along the Delaware River ) , together with the present State of Delaware , had earlier been organized as the Colony of New Sweden . It was the second state to ratify the United States Constitution , on December 12 , 1787 . Independence Hall , where the United States Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were drafted , is located in the state 's largest city of Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albania", "text": "Albania ( /ælˈbeɪniə , ɔːl-/ ( listen ) a ( w ) l-BAY-nee-ə ; Albanian : Shqipëri or Shqipëria ; Gheg Albanian : Shqipni or Shqipnia also Shqypni or Shqypnia ) , officially the Republic of Albania ( Albanian : Republika e Shqipërisë , pronounced [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe on the Adriatic and Ionian Sea within the Mediterranean Sea . It shares land borders with Montenegro to the northwest , Kosovo [ a ] to the northeast , North Macedonia to the east , Greece to the south and maritime borders with Greece , Montenegro and Italy to the west . Geographically , the country displays varied climatic , geological , hydrological and morphological conditions , defined in an area of 28,748 km2 ( 11,100 sq mi ) . It possesses remarkable diversity with the landscape ranging from the snow-capped mountains in the Albanian Alps as well as the Korab , Skanderbeg , Pindus and Ceraunian Mountains to the hot and sunny coasts of the Albanian Adriatic and Ionian Sea along the Mediterranean Sea . Historically , the country has been inhabited by numerous civilisations such as the Illyrians , Thracians , Ancient Greeks , Romans , Byzantines , Venetians and Ottomans . The Albanians established the autonomous Principality of Arbër in the 12th century . The Kingdom of Albania and Principality of Albania formed between the 13th and 14th centuries . Prior to the Ottoman conquest of Albania in the 15th century , the Albanian resistance to Ottoman expansion into Europe led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg won them acclaim over most of Europe . Between the 18th and 19th centuries , Albanians gathered both spiritual and intellectual strength which conclusively led to the Albanian Renaissance . After the defeat of the Ottomans in the Balkan Wars , the modern nation state of Albania declared independence in 1912 . In the 20th century , the Kingdom of Albania was invaded by Italy which formed Greater Albania before becoming a protectorate of Nazi Germany . Enver Hoxha formed Communist Albania after the Second World War and launched the Albanians on a path of oppression and decades of isolation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ved_Prakash_Malik", "text": "General Ved Prakash Malik PVSM , AVSM ( born 1 November 1939 ) served as the 19th Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army from 30 September 1997 to 30 September 2000 . He was the Army Chief during the Kargil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_motorcycle_Grand_Prix", "text": "The German motorcycle Grand Prix , first held in 1925 , is since 1952 part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Žana_Lelas", "text": "Žana Lelas ( born 28 May 1970 in Split , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Yugoslav and Croatian former female professional basketball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baltimore,_Maryland", "text": "Baltimore ( /ˈbɔːltɪmɔːr/ BAWL-tim-or , locally : /ˈbɔːlmər/ ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maryland , as well as the 30th most populous city in the United States , with a population of 602,495 in 2018 and also the largest such independent city in the country . Baltimore was established by the Constitution of Maryland as an independent city in 1729 . As of 2017 , the population of the Baltimore metropolitan area was estimated to be just under 2.802 million , making it the 21st largest metropolitan area in the country . Baltimore is located about 40 miles ( 64 km ) northeast of Washington , D.C. , making it a principal city in the Washington-Baltimore combined statistical area ( CSA ) , the fourth-largest CSA in the nation , with a calculated 2018 population of 9,797,063 . The city 's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States . In addition , Baltimore was a major manufacturing center . After a decline in major manufacturing , heavy industry , and restructuring of the rail industry , Baltimore has shifted to a service-oriented economy . Johns Hopkins Hospital ( founded 1889 ) and Johns Hopkins University ( founded 1876 ) are the city 's top two employers . With hundreds of identified districts , Baltimore has been dubbed a city of neighborhoods . Famous residents have included writers Edgar Allan Poe , Edith Hamilton , Frederick Douglass , W.E.B . Du Bois , Ogden Nash , Gertrude Stein , F. Scott Fitzgerald , Dashiell Hammett , Upton Sinclair , Tom Clancy , Ta-Nehisi Coates , and H. L. Mencken ; musicians James Eubie Blake , Billie Holiday , Cab Calloway , Tori Amos , Frank Zappa , Tupac Shakur , Dan Deacon , Robbie Basho , Bill Frisell , Philip Glass , Cass Elliot , and Ric Ocasek ; actors and filmmakers John Waters , Barry Levinson , Divine , David Hasselhoff , Don Messick , John Kassir , Jada Pinkett Smith , and Mo'Nique ; artist Jeff Koons ; baseball player Babe Ruth ; swimmer Michael Phelps ; radio host Ira Glass ; television host Mike Rowe ; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ; Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi ; and United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson . During the War of 1812 , Francis Scott Key wrote The Star-Spangled Banner in Baltimore after the bombardment of Fort McHenry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hakuōki", "text": "Hakuoki ( 薄桜鬼 〜新選組奇譚〜 , Hakuoki ~Shinsengumi Kitan~ , Demon of the Fleeting Blossom : The Mysterious Tale of the Shinsengumi ) is an otome video game series by Idea Factory , released for the PlayStation 2 and ported to PlayStation 3 , PlayStation Portable ( VITA ) , Nintendo DS , and Nintendo 3DS . It has been adapted into an anime series by Studio Deen ; the first season began airing in Japan on the TV Kanagawa and UHF stations on April 4 , 2010 . The second season began airing on October 10 , 2010 and ended on December 12 , 2010 . The series has been adapted as two different manga series . A third series based on the prequel , Hakuoki Reimeiroku aired in summer of 2012 . Two films were released in 2013 and 2014 . The first was released in August 2013 and was released on DVD February 2014 . The film is a retelling of both seasons in greater detail and with a slightly different ending . The second film was released on March 8 , 2014 . The anime television series and films have been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arkansas_Tech_University", "text": "Arkansas Tech University ( ATU ) is a public university in Russellville , Arkansas . The university offers programs at both baccalaureate and graduate levels in a range of fields . Arkansas Tech welcomed its first doctoral cohorts in the Summer of 2015 . The Arkansas Tech University-Ozark Campus , a two-year satellite campus in the town of Ozark , primarily focuses on associate and certificate education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Texas_at_Austin", "text": "The University of Texas at Austin ( UT Austin ) is a public research university in Austin , Texas . It was founded in 1883 and is the flagship institution of the University of Texas System . The University of Texas was inducted into the Association of American Universities in 1929 , becoming only the third university in the American South to be elected . The institution has the nation 's eighth-largest single-campus enrollment , with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and over 24,000 faculty and staff . A Public Ivy , it is a major center for academic research , with research expenditures exceeding $ 615 million for the 2016-2017 school year . The university houses seven museums and seventeen libraries , including the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum and the Blanton Museum of Art , and operates various auxiliary research facilities , such as the J. J. Pickle Research Campus and the McDonald Observatory . Among university faculty are recipients of the Nobel Prize , the Pulitzer Prize , the Wolf Prize , the Primetime Emmy Award , the Abel Prize , the Turing Award , and the National Medal of Science , as well as many other awards . As of October 2019 , 12 Nobel Prize winners , two Turing Award winners and two Fields medalists have been affiliated with the school as alumni , faculty members or researchers . Student athletes compete as the Texas Longhorns and are members of the Big 12 Conference . Its Longhorn Network is the only sports network featuring the college sports of a single university . The Longhorns have won four NCAA Division I National Football Championships , six NCAA Division I National Baseball Championships , thirteen NCAA Division I National Men 's Swimming and Diving Championships , and has claimed more titles in men 's and women 's sports than any other school in the Big 12 since the league was founded in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shefa_Province", "text": "Shefa is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu , located in the center of the country and including the islands of Epi and Efate and the Shepherd Islands . The province 's name is derived from the initial letters of SHepherd and EFAte . It has a population of 78,723 people and an area of 1,455 km² . Its capital is Port Vila , which is also the capital of the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perdono", "text": "Perdono ( also released under the title Xdono ; Italian for Forgiveness ) is a 2001 song recorded by Italian singer Tiziano Ferro . Released on May 12 , 2001 , it was the singer 's debut single and the lead single from his album Rosso Relativo , which was released four months later . Based on a sample of R. Kelly 's song 'Did You Ever Think ' , it achieved huge success in many European countries and even topped the charts in the Netherlands , Spain , Italy , Austria and Belgium ( Wallonia ) . The song , considered as sweet and melodious in its Franco-Italian version , was much aired on radio in France . The music video was directed by Matteo Pellegrini ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Romana_International_Airport", "text": "La Romana Casa De Campo International Airport ( IATA : LRM , ICAO : MDLR ) is an international airport located on the southeastern coast of the Dominican Republic , adjacent to the tourist town of La Romana and the resort of Casa de Campo . It is located about 68 miles ( 110 km ) from the capital , Santo Domingo . In 2008 , 374,724 passengers passed through the airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greater_Los_Angeles_Area", "text": "Greater Los Angeles is the second-largest urban region in the United States , encompassing five counties in southern California , extending from Ventura County in the west to San Bernardino County and Riverside County on the east , with Los Angeles County in the center and Orange County to the southeast . It consists of three metropolitan areas in Southern California : the Los Angeles metropolitan area , the Inland Empire and the Ventura/Oxnard metropolitan area ( Ventura County ) . Throughout the 20th century , it was one of the fastest-growing regions in the United States , although growth has slowed since 2000 . As of the 2010 U.S. Census , the Los Angeles metropolitan area had a population of nearly 13 million residents . Meanwhile , the larger metropolitan region 's population at the 2010 census was estimated to be over 17.8 million residents , and a 2015 estimate reported a population of about 18.7 million . Either definition makes it the second largest metropolitan region in the country , behind the New York metropolitan area , as well as one of the largest urban agglomerations in the world . The agglomeration of the urbanized Greater Los Angeles area surrounds the urban core of Los Angeles County . The regional term is defined to refer to the more-or-less continuously urbanized area stretching from Ventura County to the southern border of Orange County and from the Pacific Ocean to the Coachella Valley in the Inland Empire . The US Census Bureau defines the Los Angeles-Long Beach , CA Combined Statistical Area as including the entire Los Angeles County , Ventura County , Orange County and the two counties of the Inland Empire . However , this Census definition includes large , sparsely populated and primarily desert swaths of Los Angeles , San Bernardino and Riverside counties that are not part of the urbanized region . The term Greater Los Angeles does not include San Diego County ; that county 's urbanized area is separated from San Clemente , the southernmost contiguous urbanized area south of Los Angeles , by a 16.4-mile ( 26.4 km ) stretch of the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles ( 12,561 km2 ) , while the wider combined statistical area covers 33,954 square miles ( 87,940 km2 ) , making it the largest metropolitan region in the United States by land area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RML_11_inch_25_ton_gun", "text": "RML 11-inch 25-ton guns were large rifled muzzle-loading guns used as primary armament on British battleships and for coastal defence . They were effectively the same gun as the RML 12-inch 25-ton gun , bored to 11 inches instead of 12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adriatic", "text": "The Adriatic Sea /ˌeɪdriˈætɪk/ is a body of water separating the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula . The Adriatic is the northernmost arm of the Mediterranean Sea , extending from the Strait of Otranto ( where it connects to the Ionian Sea ) to the northwest and the Po Valley . The countries with coasts on the Adriatic are Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Italy , Montenegro and Slovenia . The Adriatic contains over 1,300 islands , mostly located along the Croatian part of its eastern coast . It is divided into three basins , the northern being the shallowest and the southern being the deepest , with a maximum depth of 1,233 metres ( 4,045 ft ) . The Otranto Sill , an underwater ridge , is located at the border between the Adriatic and Ionian Seas . The prevailing currents flow counterclockwise from the Strait of Otranto , along the eastern coast and back to the strait along the western ( Italian ) coast . Tidal movements in the Adriatic are slight , although larger amplitudes are known to occur occasionally . The Adriatic 's salinity is lower than the Mediterranean 's because the Adriatic collects a third of the fresh water flowing into the Mediterranean , acting as a dilution basin . The surface water temperatures generally range from 30 °C ( 86 °F ) in summer to 12 °C ( 54 °F ) in winter , significantly moderating the Adriatic Basin 's climate . The Adriatic Sea sits on the Apulian or Adriatic Microplate , which separated from the African Plate in the Mesozoic era . The plate 's movement contributed to the formation of the surrounding mountain chains and Apennine tectonic uplift after its collision with the Eurasian plate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Close_Brothers_Group", "text": "Close Brothers Group plc is a UK merchant banking group , providing lending , deposit taking , wealth management and securities trading . The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2001", "text": "The winners of the Second Annual Latin Grammy Awards were announced during a press conference on Tuesday , October 30 , 2001 at the Conga Room in Los Angeles , California . The conference , which was broadcast live on the internet , was hosted by Jimmy Smits and Paul Rodriguez . Alejandro Sanz was the big winner winning four awards including Album of the Year . Juanes won three awards including Best New Artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shetland", "text": "Shetland ( Scottish Gaelic : Sealtainn ) , also called the Shetland Islands and formerly Zetland , is a subarctic archipelago in the Northern Isles of Scotland , situated in the Northern Atlantic , between Great Britain , the Faroe Islands and Norway . The islands lie some 80 km ( 50 mi ) to the northeast of Orkney , 170 km ( 110 mi ) from the Scottish mainland and 300 km ( 190 mi ) west of Norway . They form part of the division between the Atlantic Ocean to the west and the North Sea to the east . The total area is 1,466 km2 ( 566 sq mi ) , and the population totalled 23,210 in 2011 . The islands comprise the Shetland constituency of the Scottish Parliament . The local authority , Shetland Islands Council , is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland . The islands ' administrative centre and only burgh is Lerwick , which has been the capital of Shetland since taking over from Scalloway in 1708 . The largest island , known as Mainland , has an area of 967 km2 ( 373 sq mi ) , making it the third-largest Scottish island and the fifth-largest of the British Isles . There are an additional 15 inhabited islands . The archipelago has an oceanic climate , a complex geology , a rugged coastline and many low , rolling hills . Humans have lived in Shetland since the Mesolithic period . The early historic period was dominated by Scandinavian influences , especially from Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Protease_inhibitor_(pharmacology)", "text": "Protease inhibitors ( PIs ) are a class of antiviral drugs that are widely used to treat HIV/AIDS and hepatitis C. Protease inhibitors prevent viral replication by selectively binding to viral proteases ( e.g . HIV-1 protease ) and blocking proteolytic cleavage of protein precursors that are necessary for the production of infectious viral particles . Protease inhibitors that have been developed and are currently used in clinical practice include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Speed_skating", "text": "Speed skating is a competitive form of ice skating in which the competitors race each other in travelling a certain distance on skates . Types of speed skating are long track speed skating , short track speed skating , and marathon speed skating . In the Olympic Games , long-track speed skating is usually referred to as just speed skating , while short-track speed skating is known as short track . The ISU , the governing body of both ice sports , refers to long track as speed skating and short track as short track skating . An international federation was founded in 1892 , the first for any winter sport . The sport enjoys large popularity in the Netherlands , Norway and South Korea . There are top international rinks in a number of other countries , including Canada , the United States , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , Kazakhstan , China , Belarus and Poland . A World Cup circuit is held with events in those countries plus two events in the Thialf ice hall in Heerenveen , Netherlands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oliver_Mintzlaff", "text": "Oliver Mintzlaff ( born 19 August 1975 ) is a German football official , Red Bull GmbH Global Head of Soccer , and a former long-distance runner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brookland–CUA_station", "text": "Brookland-CUA is a Washington Metro station in Washington , D.C. , on the Red Line . It is located in Northeast at Monroe & 9th Street near Michigan Avenue , and serves the Brookland neighborhood of Northeast Washington , the Catholic University of America , and Archbishop Carroll High School . Service began on February 3 , 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mpigi_District", "text": "Mpigi District is a district in Central Uganda . Like most other Ugandan districts , it is named after its 'main town ' , Mpigi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silverton,_Colorado", "text": "The town of Silverton is a Statutory Town that is the county seat of , and the only incorporated municipality in San Juan County , Colorado , United States . Silverton is a former silver mining camp , most or all of which is now included in a federally designated National Historic Landmark District , the Silverton Historic District . The town population reached 637 in the U.S. Census 2010 . Silverton is linked to Durango by the Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad , a National Historic Landmark . Silverton no longer has active mining , but subsists by tourism , maintenance of US 550 ( which links Montrose with Durango via Silverton ) , mine pollution remediation , and retirees . In 2002 an extreme ski mountain , Silverton Mountain , opened near the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boardgame", "text": "A board game is a tabletop game that involves counters or pieces moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or board , according to a set of rules . Some games are based on pure strategy , but many contain an element of chance ; and some are purely chance , with no element of skill . Games usually have a goal that a player aims to achieve . Early board games represented a battle between two armies , and most modern board games are still based on defeating opponents in terms of counters , winning position , or accrual of points . There are many varieties of board games . Their representation of real-life situations can range from having no inherent theme , like checkers , to having a specific theme and narrative , like Cluedo . Rules can range from the very simple , like Tic-tac-toe , to those describing a game universe in great detail , like Dungeons & Dragons - although most of the latter are role-playing games where the board is secondary to the game , serving to help visualize the game scenario . The time required to learn to play or master a game varies greatly from game to game , but is not necessarily correlated with the number or complexity of rules ; games like chess or Go possess relatively simple rulesets , but have great strategic depth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walney_Island", "text": "Walney Island , also known as the Isle of Walney , is an island off the west coast of England , at the western end of Morecambe Bay in the Irish Sea . It is part of Barrow-in-Furness , separated from the mainland by Walney Channel , which is spanned by the Jubilee Bridge . Walney is the largest island of the Furness Islands group , both in population and size , as well as the largest English island in the Irish Sea . Its population at the 2011 UK Census was 10,651 , distributed evenly across the island 's two Wards of Walney North and Walney South . Walney Island formed during the last glacial period , when the River Duddon was a large glacial lake , depositing till at its mouth , which became Walney . Some evidence of neolithic inhabitants has been found in the island 's sand dunes , though its name is likely of Norse origin . The island remained rural until the growth of Barrow-in-Furness ' industries in the nineteenth century . In particular , the development between 1867 and 1881 of docks at Barrow Island , in Walney Channel opposite Walney , encouraged the growth of Walney as a settlement . The planned worker town of Vickerstown was built on the island in 1898 , resulting in a large population increase , and the construction of Jubilee Bridge connecting Walney to the mainland in 1908 . Walney 's contemporary population now forms about a seventh of the overall population of Barrow-in-Furness . The island contains two nature reserves , at either end , and its sandy beaches make it a popular leisure site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Rizal_Fahmi_Abdul_Rosid", "text": "Mohd Rizal Fahmi bin Ab Rosid ( born 1 May 1986 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Malaysia Premier League side Selangor United . Rizal began his footballing career with the Kelantan youth team in 2003 . In 2006 he made his debut for the senior team , going on to make 115 appearances over a six year period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arthur_Mervyn_Stockwood", "text": "Arthur Mervyn Stockwood ( 27 May 1913 - 13 January 1995 ) was a British Anglican bishop . He was the Church of England Bishop of Southwark from 1959 to 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lillingstone_Dayrell", "text": "Lillingstone Dayrell is a village in Buckinghamshire , England . It is in Aylesbury Vale , about three and a half miles north of Buckingham , eight miles west of Milton Keynes and five miles south of Towcester . Lillingstone Dayrell with Luffield Abbey and the neighbouring hamlet of Lillingstone Lovell are separate civil parishes within Aylesbury Vale district . The village name 'Lillingstone ' is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'Lytel 's boundary stone ' , referring to the proximity of both places to the border with Northamptonshire . In the Domesday Book of 1086 both settlements were recorded jointly as Lillingestan though already at that time there were two manors owned respectively by the Dayrell and Lovell families . The suffix 'Dayrell ' ( as 'Dayerell ' ) was first recorded in the fourteenth century . The Dayrell family were Lords of the Manor from the fourteenth century until the 1880s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bailrigg", "text": "Bailrigg is the campus of Lancaster University , in the City of Lancaster , Lancashire , England , 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) south of the centre of Lancaster . The student radio station Bailrigg FM is named after the site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clarence_Grier", "text": "Clarence Grier ( born 1960s ) is an American former basketball player who was selected by the Houston Rockets in the 1987 NBA Draft , although he never ended up playing in the National Basketball Association . He is known for his collegiate career at Campbell University between 1985 and 1987 . Grier was the holder of 30 school records at the time of his graduation and was named the Big South Conference Player of the Year as a senior in 1986-87 . Grier played the forward position and is 6 ' 7 . The year he was named the Big South 's top player , Grier scored a school single season-record 739 points behind a 24.6 points per game average , which ranked 12th nationally . He finished his two-year career with 1,087 points . After a stint playing for the Continental Basketball Association 's Quad City Thunder , Grier retired from basketball and became a Certified Public Accountant in the city of High Point , North Carolina . In 2001 , he was inducted into the Campbell University Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Margarita_Belén", "text": "Margarita Belén is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Primero de Mayo Department . The town became infamous when on 13 December 1976 , a joint operation of the Argentine Army and the Chaco Provincial Police resulted in the Massacre of Margarita Belén during the so-called National Reorganization Process . The operation resulted in the torture and execution of 22 political prisoners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Caetano_do_Sul", "text": "São Caetano do Sul ( or São Caetano ) is a city in São Paulo state in Brazil . It is part of the Metropolitan Region of São Paulo . The population is 158,024 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 15.33 km2 . It is the city with the highest per capita income in Brazil ( US $ 31,322.00 in 2010 ) and it also has the highest Human Development Index . It is intensely conurbated with São Paulo , Santo André and São Bernardo do Campo , causing the physical limits between cities to be lost . São Caetano do Sul , together with Ferraz de Vasconcelos , is one of two cities in the state of São Paulo that are not crossed by any state or federal highway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Motor_Company", "text": "Ford Motor Company , commonly known as Ford , is an American multinational automaker that has its main headquarters in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16 , 1903 . The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand , and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand . Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer Troller , an 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom and a 32% stake in Jiangling Motors . It also has joint-ventures in China ( Changan Ford ) , Taiwan ( Ford Lio Ho ) , Thailand ( AutoAlliance Thailand ) , Turkey ( Ford Otosan ) , and Russia ( Ford Sollers ) . The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family ; they have minority ownership but the majority of the voting power . Ford introduced methods for large-scale manufacturing of cars and large-scale management of an industrial workforce using elaborately engineered manufacturing sequences typified by moving assembly lines ; by 1914 , these methods were known around the world as Fordism . Ford 's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover , acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively , were sold to the Indian automaker Tata Motors in March 2008 . Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010 . In 2011 , Ford discontinued the Mercury brand , under which it had marketed entry-level luxury cars in the United States , Canada , Mexico , and the Middle East since 1938 . Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker ( behind General Motors ) and the fifth-largest in the world ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors ) based on 2015 vehicle production . At the end of 2010 , Ford was the fifth largest automaker in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Main_(Wayne_State_University)", "text": "Old Main is an academic building on the campus of Wayne State University . It is located at 4841 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , on Wayne 's main campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Launceston_Football_Club", "text": "The Launceston Football Club , nicknamed The Blues , is an Australian rules football club , located in the West Tamar suburb of Riverside , seven kilometres north of the Launceston CBD and currently play in the Tasmanian State League in Tasmania , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Castel_di_Sangro", "text": "Castel di Sangro ( locally Caštiéllë ) is a city and comune of 6,461 people ( as of 2013 ) in the Province of L'Aquila , in Abruzzo , Central Italy . It is the main city of the Alto Sangro e Altopiano delle Cinque Miglia area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._500_Squadron_RAF", "text": "No . 500 ( County of Kent ) Squadron AAF was a Royal Air Force flying squadron . It was initially formed in 1931 as a Special Reserve squadron and in 1936 became part of the Auxiliary Air Force , at this time based at Manston and Detling . During the Second World War , the squadron served in both Coastal Command and Bomber Command . In the coastal role , the squadron undertook operations over the English Channel in 1940-1941 , before moving to North Africa in late-1942 . It undertook anti-submarine operations in support of Operation Torch and then continued operations in the Mediterranean , operating various aircraft types during this period . In July 1944 , the squadron disbanded before being reformed as a bomber squadron in Algeria in August , later operating in Italy in the final years of the war . Following the war , the squadron was disbanded in October 1945 . In May 1946 , it was re-formed as an auxiliary squadron within Fighter Command . Initially it operated in the night fighter role and then later as a day fighter unit equipped with jet aircraft before being disbanded in 1957 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Constellation_(1797)", "text": "USS Constellation was a nominally rated 38-gun wooden-hulled , three-masted frigate of the United States Navy . It was built under the direction of David Stodder at The Joseph and Samuel Sterett shipyard on Harris Creek in Baltimore 's Fell 's Point maritime community , and was launched on 7 September 1797 . The ship was one of the original six frigates whose construction the Naval Act of 1794 had authorized . The name Constellation was among ten names submitted to President George Washington by Secretary of War Timothy Pickering in March of 1795 for the frigates that were to be constructed . The Flag Act of 1777 speaks of how the stars in the flag are representing a new constellation . Joshua Humphreys designed these frigates to be the young Navy 's capital ships , and so Constellation and its sisters were larger and more heavily armed and built than standard frigates of the period . The Constellation 's first duties with the newly formed US Navy were to provide protection for American merchant shipping during the Quasi-War with France and to defeat the Barbary pirates in the First Barbary War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bramall_Lane", "text": "Bramall Lane is a football stadium in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England . It is the home of Premier League club Sheffield United . As the largest stadium in Sheffield during the 19th century , it hosted most of the city 's most significant matches including the final of the world 's first football tournament , first floodlit match and several matches between the Sheffield and London Football Associations that led to the unification of their respective rules . It was also used by Sheffield Wednesday and Sheffield F.C . for major matches . It has been the home of Sheffield United since the club 's establishment in 1889 . It is the oldest major stadium in the world still to be hosting professional association football matches . The stadium was built on a Sheffield road named after the Bramall family ( who were file and graver manufacturers ) . The Bramalls owned 'The Old White House ' on the corner of Bramall Lane and Cherry Street , and subsequently built the Sheaf House , now a public house that still stands at the top of Bramall Lane . The stadium was originally opened as a cricket ground . It was also used for football games in the 19th century by Sheffield F.C . and Sheffield Wednesday but since 1889 it has been the home of Sheffield United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grange-over-Sands", "text": "Grange-over-Sands is a town and civil parish located on the north side of Morecambe Bay in Cumbria , England . Travelling by road , Grange Over Sands is 13.1 miles ( 21.1 km ) to the south of Kendal , 14.9 miles ( 24.0 km ) to the east of Ulverston , 25 miles ( 40 km ) to the east of Barrow-in-Furness and 28.1 miles ( 45.2 km ) to the west of Lancaster . Historically part of Lancashire , the town was created as an urban district in 1894 . Since 1974 , following local government re-organisation , the town has been administered as part of the South Lakeland district of Cumbria , though it remains part of the Duchy of Lancaster . Grange-over-Sands is located a few miles south of the Lake District National Park . It had a population of 4,114 at the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Stags", "text": "The Chicago Stags were an original National Basketball Association franchise based in Chicago , Illinois from 1946 to 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Timrå", "text": "Timrå ( pronunciation ) is a locality and the seat of Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County , Sweden with 10,443 inhabitants in 2010 . It is located about 13 km north of Sundsvall ( a town with a metropolitan area of some 100,000 inhabitants ) , and could arguably be considered a satellite to that town . The two closest cities ( Sundsvall and Härnösand ) share one airport , Midlanda , that is geographically located in Timrå . Indalsälven , one of Sweden 's largest rivers with a length of 430 km , meets the Gulf of Botnia in Timrå . In Sweden , Timrå is mainly known for its ice hockey club Timrå IK , which , as of season 2018/19 plays in the Swedish top division SHL . In 1995 , Swedish artist Bengt Lindström constructed the Y , a 30 meter high sculpture located in Timrå . Local legend says that Sörberge , on the north side of the town , is haunted by a tall man wearing a very large coat called 'Stor Bubbas ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raymah_Governorate", "text": "Raymah ( Arabic : ريمة Raymah ) is a governorate of Yemen . It was established in January 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caernarfon_Castle", "text": "Caernarfon Castle ( Welsh : Castell Caernarfon ) - often anglicised as Carnarvon Castle or Caernarvon Castle - is a medieval fortress in Caernarfon , Gwynedd , north-west Wales cared for by Cadw , the Welsh Government 's historic environment service . It was a motte-and-bailey castle from the late 11th century until 1283 when King Edward I of England began to replace it with the current stone structure . The Edwardian town and castle acted as the administrative centre of north Wales , and as a result the defences were built on a grand scale . There was a deliberate link with Caernarfon 's Roman past , [ citation needed ] and the Roman fort of Segontium is nearby . While the castle was under construction , town walls were built around Caernarfon . The work cost between £20,000 and £25,000 from the start until the work ended in 1330 . Although the castle appears mostly complete from the outside , the interior buildings no longer survive and many of the building plans were never finished . The town and castle were sacked in 1294 when Madog ap Llywelyn led a rebellion against the English . Caernarfon was recaptured the following year . During the Glyndŵr Rising of 1400-1415 , the castle was besieged . When the Tudor dynasty ascended to the English throne in 1485 , tensions between the Welsh and English began to diminish and castles were considered less important . As a result , Caernarfon Castle was allowed to fall into a state of disrepair ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sadik_Mujkić", "text": "Sadik Mujkič ( born 29 February 1968 ) is a retired Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1988 and the 1992 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1974–75_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1974 season began on December 21 , 1974 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Pittsburgh Steelers defeating the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IX , 16-6 , on January 12 , 1975 , at Tulane Stadium in New Orleans , Louisiana . This was the last season in which the sites for the playoff games annually alternated by division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ernest_Hollings", "text": "Ernest Frederick Fritz Hollings ( January 1 , 1922 - April 6 , 2019 ) was an American politician who served as a United States Senator from South Carolina from 1966 to 2005 . A conservative Democrat , he was also the Governor of South Carolina and the 77th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina . He served alongside Democrat turned Republican Senator Strom Thurmond for 36 years , making them the longest-serving Senate duo in history . At the time of his death , he was the oldest living former U.S . Senator . Born in Charleston , South Carolina , Hollings graduated from The Citadel in 1942 and joined a law practice in Charleston after attending the University of South Carolina School of Law . During World War II , he served as an artillery officer in campaigns in North Africa and Europe . After the war , Hollings successively won election to the South Carolina House of Representatives , as Lieutenant Governor , and as Governor . He sought election to the Senate in 1962 but was defeated by incumbent Olin D. Johnston . Johnston died in 1965 , and the following year Hollings won a special election to serve the remainder of Johnston 's term . Though the Republican Party became increasingly dominant in South Carolina after 1966 , Hollings remained popular and continually won re-election , becoming one of the longest-serving Senators in U.S. history . Hollings sought the Democratic nomination in the 1984 presidential election but dropped out of the race after the New Hampshire primary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Indies_cricket_team_in_South_Africa_in_2014-15", "text": "The West Indies cricket team toured South Africa from 10 December 2014 to 28 January 2015 . The tour consisted of three Twenty20 Internationals ( T20Is ) , three Test matches and five One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) . With South Africa 's 2-0 win in the Test series , they retained the number one position in the Test rankings . In the second Twenty20 International , the West Indies set a new world record for the highest successful run chase in a T20I match . In the second ODI , AB de Villiers set the record for the fastest fifty ( 16 balls ) and the fastest hundred ( 31 balls ) in ODI history . South Africa 's score of 439/2 in that game is their highest in the 50-over format . South Africa won the ODI series 4-1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Free_Willy", "text": "Free Willy is a 1993 American family drama film , directed by Simon Wincer , produced by Lauren Shuler Donner and Jennie Lew Tugend , and written by Keith A. Walker and Corey Blechman from a story by Walker . The film stars Jason James Richter as Jesse , a foster boy who befriends a captive orca . The film received positive attention from critics and was a commercial success , grossing $ 153.6 million from a $ 20 million budget . It grew into a small franchise , including a television series , three sequels and a video game companion . Michael Jackson produced and performed Will You Be There , the theme for the film , which can be heard during the film 's credits . The song won the MTV Movie Award for Best Song in a Movie in 1994 . It was also included on Jackson 's album , Dangerous , and on All Time Greatest Movie Songs , released by Sony in 1999 . Jackson also performed songs for the film 's first sequel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zvenigorod", "text": "Zvenigorod ( Russian : Звени́город ) is an old town in Moscow Oblast , Russia . Population : 16,395 ( 2010 Census ) ; 12,155 ( 2002 Census ) ; 15,805 ( 1989 Census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pascal_second", "text": "The viscosity of a fluid is a measure of its resistance to deformation at a given rate . For liquids , it corresponds to the informal concept of thickness : for example , syrup has a higher viscosity than water . Viscosity can be conceptualized as quantifying the internal frictional force that arises between adjacent layers of fluid that are in relative motion . For instance , when a fluid is forced through a tube , it flows more quickly near the tube 's axis than near its walls . In such a case , experiments show that some stress ( such as a pressure difference between the two ends of the tube ) is needed to sustain the flow through the tube . This is because a force is required to overcome the friction between the layers of the fluid which are in relative motion : the strength of this force is proportional to the viscosity . A fluid that has no resistance to shear stress is known as an ideal or inviscid fluid . Zero viscosity is observed only at very low temperatures in superfluids . Otherwise , the second law of thermodynamics requires all fluids to have positive viscosity ; such fluids are technically said to be viscous or viscid . A fluid with a high viscosity , such as pitch , may appear to be a solid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reiko_Aylesworth", "text": "Reiko M. Aylesworth ( born December 9 , 1972 ) is an American film , television and stage actress , best known for her role on the television series 24 as Michelle Dessler ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forgot_About_Dre", "text": "Forgot About Dre is a single from rapper Dr. Dre 's album 2001 , featuring vocals from rapper Eminem . The track reached No . 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 , No . 14 on the U.S. R & B chart , No . 32 on the U.S . Pop chart , and No . 7 on the UK Singles Chart . Released as the album 's second single on January 29 , 2000 , like Still D.R.E. , the song addresses Dre 's critics in a defiant manner , as Dre announces his return to the hip-hop scene and reminds listeners of his significant influence on the genre . Forgot About Dre won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 2001 Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nimir_Abdel-Aziz", "text": "Nimir Abdel-Aziz ( born 5 February 1992 ) is a Dutch volleyball player , a member of Netherlands men 's national volleyball team and Italian club Revivre Milano , a gold medalist of the 2012 European League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patrick_Roy", "text": "Patrick Jacques Roy ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ʁwa ] ; born October 5 , 1965 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender and the former head coach and vice-president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He is currently the general manager and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) . He is regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time . In 2017 Roy was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players ' in history . Nicknamed Saint Patrick , Roy split his playing career in the NHL between the Montreal Canadiens , with whom he played for 11 years , and the Avalanche , with whom he played for eight years . Roy won four Stanley Cups during his career , two with each franchise . Roy was born in Quebec City , but grew up in Cap-Rouge , Quebec . In 2004 , Roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a panel of 41 writers , coupled with a simultaneous fan poll . On November 13 , 2006 , Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . He is the only player in NHL history to win the Conn Smythe Trophy ( the award given to the most valuable player in the Stanley Cup playoffs ) three times , the only one to do so in different decades , and the only one to do so for two teams . Roy 's number 33 jersey is retired by both the Canadiens and Avalanche . Roy is widely credited with popularizing the butterfly style of goaltending , which has since become the dominant style of goaltending around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elizabeth_Lamb,_Viscountess_Melbourne", "text": "Elizabeth Lamb , Viscountess Melbourne ( née Milbanke ; 1751 - 1818 ) was one of the most influential of the political hostesses of the extended Regency period , and the wife of Whig politician Peniston Lamb , 1st Viscount Melbourne . She was the mother of William Lamb , 2nd Viscount Melbourne , who became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , and several other influential children . Lady Melbourne was known for her political influence and her friendships and romantic relationships with other members of the English aristocracy , including Georgiana Cavendish , Duchess of Devonshire , Francis Russell , 5th Duke of Bedford , and George , Prince of Wales . Because of her numerous love affairs , the paternity of several of her children is a matter of dispute ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CHVC-TV", "text": "CHVC-TV , branded as VCTV , is a community television station licensed to Valemount , British Columbia , Canada , broadcasting on VHF channel 7 and UHF channel 32 . The station is owned by the Valemount Entertainment Society , which also rebroadcasts a small selection of radio , broadcast and cable channels via low-powered VHF translators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_(football)", "text": "Center ( C ) is a position in gridiron football . The center is the innermost lineman of the offensive line on a football team 's offense . The center is also the player who passes ( or snaps ) the ball between his legs to the quarterback at the start of each play . In recent years , the importance of centers for a football team has increased , due to the re-emergence of 3-4 defenses . According to Baltimore Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome , you need to have somebody who can neutralize that nose tackle . If you do n't , everything can get screwed up . Your running game wo n't be effective and you 'll also have somebody in your quarterback 's face on every play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mirko_Bašić", "text": "Mirko Bašić ( born 14 September 1960 in Bjelovar , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Croatian handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics . He has also played six EHF Champions League finals winning two in 1984-85 and 1985-86 as part of the famous RK Metaloplastika which dominated European handball in the 1980s ( often referred to as Handball Aliens ) . Bašić was a big influence on Thierry Omeyer who is regarded as the greatest goalkeeper in handball history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Said_the_Whale", "text": "Said the Whale is a Juno Award-winning Vancouver B.C.-based indie rock band started by Ben Worcester and Tyler Bancroft in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1936_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , 29 athletics events were contested , 23 for men and 6 for women . The program of events was unchanged from the previous Games . There was a total of 776 participants from 43 countries competing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guyana", "text": "Guyana ( /ɡaɪˈɑːnə/ or /ɡaɪˈænə/ ) , officially the Co-operative Republic of Guyana , is a country on the northern mainland of South America . It is the only English speaking country in South America , and is culturally considered part of the Anglophone-Caribbean sphere . In addition it is one of the founding member countries of the Caribbean Community organization ( CARICOM ) . Guyana is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the north , Brazil to the south and southwest , Venezuela to the west , and Suriname to the east . With an area of 215,000 square kilometres ( 83,000 sq mi ) , Guyana is the third-smallest sovereign state on mainland South America after Uruguay and Suriname . The region known as the Guianas consists of the large shield landmass north of the Amazon River and east of the Orinoco River known as the land of many waters . Major rivers in Guyana include the Essequibo , the Berbice , and the Demerara . Originally inhabited by many indigenous groups , Guyana was settled by the Dutch before coming under British control in the late 18th century . It was governed as British Guiana , with a mostly plantation-style economy until the 1950s . It gained independence in 1966 , and officially became a republic within the Commonwealth of Nations in 1970 . The legacy of British rule is reflected in the country 's political administration and diverse population , which includes Indian , African , Amerindian , and multiracial groups . Guyana is the only South American nation in which English is the official language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Split,_Croatia", "text": "Split ( /ˈsplɪt/ , as the English word split ; Croatian pronunciation : [ splît ] ( listen ) ; see other names ) is the second-largest city of Croatia and the largest city of the region of Dalmatia , with about 250,000 people living in its urban area . It lies on the eastern shore of the Adriatic Sea and is spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings . An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination , the city is linked to the Adriatic islands and the Apennine peninsula . Home to Diocletian 's Palace , built for the Roman emperor in AD 305 , the city was founded as the Greek colony of Aspálathos ( Aσπάλαθος ) in the 3rd or 2nd century BC . It became a prominent settlement around 650 when it succeeded the ancient capital of the Roman province of Dalmatia , Salona . After the sack of Salona by the Avars and Slavs , the fortified Palace of Diocletian was settled by Roman refugees . Split became a Byzantine city . Later it drifted into the sphere of the Republic of Venice and the Kingdom of Croatia , with the Byzantines retaining nominal suzerainty . For much of the High and Late Middle Ages , Split enjoyed autonomy as a free city of the Dalmatian city-states , caught in the middle of a struggle between Venice and Croatia ( in union with Hungary ) for control over the Dalmatian cities . Venice eventually prevailed and during the early modern period Split remained a Venetian city , a heavily fortified outpost surrounded by Ottoman territory . Its hinterland was won from the Ottomans in the Morean War of 1699 , and in 1797 , as Venice fell to Napoleon , the Treaty of Campo Formio rendered the city to the Habsburg Monarchy . In 1805 , the Peace of Pressburg added it to the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy and in 1806 it was included in the French Empire , becoming part of the Illyrian Provinces in 1809 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Actually", "text": "Love Actually is a 2003 British Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis . It features an ensemble cast , composed predominantly of British actors , many of whom had worked with Curtis in previous film and television projects . Mostly filmed on location in London , the screenplay delves into different aspects of love as shown through ten separate stories involving a wide variety of individuals , many of whom are shown to be interlinked as the tales progress . The story begins five weeks before Christmas and is played out in a weekly countdown until the holiday , followed by an epilogue that takes place one month later . It is an international co-production between the United Kingdom , United States , and France . The film was released in the United States on 14 November 2003 , receiving mixed reviews . It opened in the United Kingdom one week later , to positive reviews . The film was a box-office success , grossing $ 248 million worldwide on a budget of $ 40-45 million . It received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy . Frequently shown during the Christmas season , the film has proved more popular with audiences than critics , and it has been discussed as being arguably a modern-day Christmas staple ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silver_Meikar", "text": "Silver Meikar ( born February 12 , 1978 ) is an Estonian human rights activist , a freelance journalist and founder of the Estonian Institute of Digital Rights . Silver Meikar was a member of the parliament of Estonia - Riigikogu in 2003-2004 and 2006-2011 in the Estonian Reform Party faction . Silver Meikar was born in Tartu and received the basic and secondary school education in Tartu Miina Härma Gymnasium . He graduated from the University of Tartu with a degree in economics in 2005 . He served as a member of Tartu City Council in 1999 - 2002 and 2005 - 2006 . In 2003 Silver Meikar became a substitute member of the parliament of Estonia as Margus Hanson became the minister of defence . Silver Meikar was set up as a candidate to the European Parliament in 2004 . He lost his seat in Riigikogu as Margus Hanson was dismissed in November 2004 due to the theft of classified documents from his home . Silver Meikar re-gained his seat on November 23 , 2006 as Margus Hanson was convicted for leaking state-classified data . Silver Meikar was re-elected to Riigikogu on March 4 , 2007 and he served throughout his mandate as a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee . He became notable with political activities that encompass defending the Human rights in Belarus , Burma , China , Russia and elsewhere , drawing attention to the difficult situation in developing countries and supporting the reform process in Ukraine and Georgia . He has also been advocating for the respect of civil liberties in Estonia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aurora,_Isabela", "text": "Aurora , officially the Municipality of Aurora , is a 3rd class municipality in the province of Isabela , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 35,017 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vandread", "text": "Vandread ( ヴァンドレッド , Vandoreddo ) is a Japanese anime mecha space opera series directed by Takeshi Mori and created by the animation studios Gonzo and Media Factory . The series is composed of two seasons ( Vandread , released in 2000 and Vandread : The Second Stage , released in 2001 ) , each composed of thirteen episodes of twenty-five minutes . The first series is summarized in the Vandread Taidōhen ( Integral ) OVA in 2001 , and the second in the Vandread Gekitōhen ( Turbulence ) OVA , released in 2002 . There is a Vandread Extra Stage Novel , that explains the events after Vandread : The Second Stage . Along with acquiring the licenses for the two original series from Geneon , Funimation also licensed the two OVAs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sime_Darby_FC", "text": "Sime Darby Football Club is a Malaysian football club which represents and are backed by Sime Darby Berhad , one of Malaysia 's largest conglomerates . The team has some pedigree having won the FAM Cup twice , the most recent being the 2017 Malaysia FAM League . Their previous win was in 2010 , in the same year of its incorporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gloc-9", "text": "Aristotle Pollisco ( born October 18 , 1977 ) , known by his stage name Gloc-9 , is a Filipino rapper , singer and songwriter . Regarded as one of the best Filipino rappers of all-time , his fast-flowing vocal style has made him one of the most successful hip-hop artists in the Philippines . He was described by fellow great Filipino rapper Francis Magalona as a blacksmith of words and letters , and a true Filipino poet . He has collaborated on almost a dozen songs with other OPM artists ; Lando with the late Francis M , Upuan with Jaezelle , Bagsakan with Parokya ni Edgar , Baon with Gab Chee Kee of Parokya ni Edgar and Francis M , and Sari-Saring Kwento with Noel Cabangon and Champ Lui Pio . His songs mostly tackle social issues such as social injustices , poverty and patriotism . He began his musical career with the gangsta rap group Death Threat . Gloc-9 is notably one of the few artists in the Philippine music scene who has won an award in every album he created . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clarkboro_Ferry", "text": "The Clarkboro Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The ferry crosses the South Saskatchewan River at Clark 's Crossing , carrying Grid Road 784 across the river , and connecting Warman in the west and Aberdeen in the east . The ferry is named for the community of Clarkboro located southeast of the ferry 's eastern terminal . The former town of Clarkboro was home to a section crew on the CNR , had a post office , a general store , a railroad siding , a water tower for steam locomotives and two grain elevators ( Saskatchewan Pool Elevator Co. No . 760 ) . Both Clarkboro and Clark 's Crossing are named for John Fowler Clark , who homesteaded the area in 1882 . The ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure and is free of toll . The ferry operates only while the river is free of ice , typically from mid April to mid November . During this time , the ferry runs on demand from 5:00 A.M. CST to midnight . The ferry has a length of 18.2 metres ( 60 ft ) , a width of 6 metres ( 20 ft ) and a load limit of 32 tonnes ( 31 long tons ; 35 short tons ) . The capacity of the ferry is six cars . The ferry typically carries over 70,000 vehicles each year , the most of any ferry in province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Duchovny", "text": "David William Duchovny /dʊˈkʌvni/ ( born August 7 , 1960 ) is an American actor , writer , producer , director , novelist , and singer-songwriter . He is known for playing FBI agent Fox Mulder on the television series The X-Files and writer Hank Moody on the television series Californication , both of which have earned him Golden Globe awards . Duchovny appeared in both X-Files films , the 1998 science fiction-thriller of the same name and the supernatural-thriller The X-Files : I Want to Believe ( 2008 ) . He executive-produced and starred in the historically based cop drama Aquarius ( 2015-16 ) . Duchovny earned a A.B . in English literature from Princeton University , and an M.A . in English literature from Yale University , and has since published three books , Holy Cow : A Modern-Day Dairy Tale ( 2015 ) , Bucky F*cking Dent ( 2016 ) and Miss Subways ( 2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonas_Eriksson_(referee)", "text": "Jonas Eriksson ( born 28 March 1974 ) is a Swedish former football referee . He was a full international referee for FIFA between 2002 and 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keo_Sokngon", "text": "Keo Sokngon ( born April 30 , 1988 in Kratié , Cambodia ) is a retired Cambodian footballer who is currently serving as team manager of Phnom Penh Crown in the Cambodian League . He played as a striker or midfielder for his club and the Cambodia national football team . His younger brother , Keo Sokpheng , is also a footballer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Citizens_for_European_Development_of_Bulgaria", "text": "GERB ( Bulgarian : ГЕРБ ) is a conservative , populist Bulgarian political party established on 13 March 2006 . The initials of the party герб/gerb also translate as coat of arms in Bulgarian . It is Bulgaria 's second-largest party by membership ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint-Denis,_Seine-Saint-Denis", "text": "Saint-Denis ( /ˌsæ̃dəˈniː/ , French : [ sɛ̃d ( ə ) ni ] ( listen ) ) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris , France . It is located 9.4 km ( 5.8 mi ) from the centre of Paris . Saint-Denis is a subprefecture ( French : sous-préfecture ) of the department of Seine-Saint-Denis , being the seat of the arrondissement of Saint-Denis . Saint-Denis is home to the royal necropolis of the Basilica of Saint-Denis and was also the location of the associated abbey . It is also home to France 's national football and rugby stadium , the Stade de France , built for the 1998 FIFA World Cup . Saint-Denis is a formerly industrial suburb currently changing its economic base . Inhabitants of Saint-Denis are called Dionysiens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tosu,_Saga", "text": "Tosu ( 鳥栖市 , Tosu-shi ) is a city located in the eastern part of Saga Prefecture on the island of Kyushu , Japan . As of February 28 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 72,755 and a population density of 1,000 persons per km2 . The total area is 71.73 km2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Blythe", "text": "William Jackson Blythe , Jr. ( born August 15 , 1935 ) is an American politician who served in the Texas House of Representatives for both District 22-3 and its successor District 91 from 1971 to 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/O'Higgins_Department", "text": "O'Higgins is a department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 19,000 inhabitants in an area of 1,580 km² , and its capital city is San Bernardo , which is located around 190 km from the provincial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulshat_Omarova", "text": "Gulshat Diasovna Omarova ( Kazakh : Гүльшад Диасқызы Өмарова , Gúlyshad Dıasqyzy Ómarova ; sometimes credited as Guka Omarova , born 8 October 1968 ) is a Kazakh film director , actress and screenwriter . She was born in Alma-Ata , Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic and now lives in Rotterdam , Netherlands . In 2004 , Omarova was presented the Alice Award for Best Female Director by the Copenhagen International Film Festival for her film , Shiza ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Kemp", "text": "Martin John Kemp ( born 10 October 1961 ) is an English actor , musician and director , known as the bassist in the new wave band Spandau Ballet and for his role as Steve Owen in EastEnders . He is the younger brother of Gary Kemp , who is also a member of Spandau Ballet and an actor . In 2013 , Kemp finished third in the tenth series of Celebrity Big Brother and in 2017 , he appeared as a judge on the BBC series Let It Shine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ann-Elen_Skjelbreid", "text": "Ann-Elen Skjelbreid ( born September 13 , 1971 ) is a former Norwegian biathlete from the Hålandsdal area in the Norwegian municipality of Fusa . She is the sister of Liv Grete Skjelbreid and is married with fellow Norwegian biathlete Egil Gjelland"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishop_of_Frascati", "text": "The Diocese of Frascati ( Lat . : Tusculana ) is a suburbicarian see of the Holy Roman Church and a diocese of the Catholic Church in Italy , based at Frascati , near Rome . The bishop of Frascati is a Cardinal Bishop ; from the Latin name of the area , the bishop has also been called Bishop of Tusculum . [ A ] Tusculum was destroyed in 1191 . The bishopric moved from Tusculum to Frascati , a nearby town which is first mentioned in the pontificate of Pope Leo IV . Until 1962 , the Cardinal-Bishop was concurrently the diocesan bishop of the see in addition to any curial duties he possessed . Pope John XXIII removed the Cardinal Bishops from any actual responsibility in their suburbicarian dioceses , and made the title purely honorific ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Secret_Life_of_Pets", "text": "The Secret Life of Pets is a 2016 3D American computer-animated comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment . It is directed by Chris Renaud , co-directed by Yarrow Cheney , written by Brian Lynch , Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio and is the first film of the franchise of the same name . The voice cast stars Louis C.K. , Eric Stonestreet , Kevin Hart , Steve Coogan , Ellie Kemper , Bobby Moynihan , Lake Bell , Dana Carvey , Hannibal Buress , Jenny Slate , and Albert Brooks . The Secret Life of Pets premiered at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival on June 16 , 2016 , and was released in theaters in the United States on July 8 , 2016 , by Universal Pictures . The film received generally positive reviews and grossed $ 875 million worldwide , becoming the sixth-highest-grossing film of 2016 , and was the year 's most profitable release . A sequel , The Secret Life of Pets 2 , was released on June 7 , 2019 with Patton Oswalt taking the role of Max from Louis C.K ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Supporters'_Shield", "text": "The Supporters ' Shield is an annual award given to the Major League Soccer team with the best regular season record , as determined by the MLS points system . The Supporters ' Shield has been annually awarded at the MLS Supporters ' Summit since 1999 , and has been recognized as a major trophy by the league . It echoes the practice of the top European leagues in which the team with the best record is the champion . Since 2006 , the Supporters ' Shield winner has earned a berth in the CONCACAF Champions League . D.C. United and LA Galaxy , with four Supporters ' Shields each , have won the most shields of any MLS team . Los Angeles FC are the 2019 holders of the Supporters ' Shield , winning it for the first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerry_Collins", "text": "Kerry Michael Collins ( born December 30 , 1972 ) is a former American football quarterback who played 17 seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football for Penn State University and earned All-American honors . He was drafted by the Carolina Panthers with the fifth overall pick of the 1995 NFL Draft , the first choice in the franchise 's history . He also played for the New Orleans Saints , New York Giants , Oakland Raiders , Tennessee Titans , and Indianapolis Colts . He defeated every NFL team except the Miami Dolphins during his career , and threw for over 200 touchdowns . He led the New York Giants to an appearance in Super Bowl XXXV , where they lost to the Baltimore Ravens by a score of 34-7 . He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nugal,_Somalia", "text": "Nugal ( Somali : Nugaal , Arabic : نوغال , Italian : Nogal ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in northeastern Somalia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dartmouth,_Devon", "text": "Dartmouth /ˈdɑːrtməθ/ is a town and civil parish in the English county of Devon . It is a tourist destination set on the western bank of the estuary of the River Dart , which is a long narrow tidal ria that runs inland as far as Totnes . It lies within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and South Hams district , and had a population of 5,512 in 2001 , reducing to 5,064 at the 2011 census There are two electoral wards in the Dartmouth area ( Townstal & Kingswear ) . Their combined population at the above census was 6,822 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vladimir_Mashkov", "text": "Vladimir Lvovich Mashkov , PAR ( born 27 November 1963 ) is a Soviet and Russian theatre actor and director of cinema , known to Western audiences for his work in the 2001 film Behind Enemy Lines and 2011 film Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol . Mashkov has also worked as a film director , producer and writer for the 2004 Russian film Papa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Serena_Williams", "text": "Serena Jameka Williams ( born September 26 , 1981 ) is an American professional tennis player and former world No . 1 . She has won 23 major singles titles , the most by any man or woman in the Open Era . The Women 's Tennis Association ( WTA ) ranked her world No . 1 in singles on eight separate occasions between 2002 and 2017 . She reached the No . 1 ranking for the first time on July 8 , 2002 . On her sixth occasion , she held the ranking for 186 consecutive weeks , tying the record set by Steffi Graf . In total , she has been No . 1 for 319 weeks , which ranks third in the Open Era among female players behind Graf and Martina Navratilova . Williams holds the most Grand Slam titles in singles , doubles , and mixed doubles combined among active players . Her 39 Grand Slam titles put her joint-third on the all-time list and second in the Open Era : 23 in singles , 14 in women 's doubles , and two in mixed doubles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burnside,_Kentucky", "text": "Burnside is a home rule-class city in Pulaski County , Kentucky , in the United States . The population was 637 at the 2000 census . In 2004 , Burnside became the only town in Pulaski County or any adjoining county to allow the sale of alcoholic beverages in qualified establishments . Since then , Burnside has annexed about eight miles of shoreline along Lake Cumberland in order to include Lee 's Ford Marina on Fishing Creek , allowing it to sell alcohol . On August 28 , 2007 , Burnside voters again approved the sale of alcoholic beverages in restaurants that seat at least 100 people and derive at least 70% of their gross receipts from the sale of food , by a vote of 227-104 . The petition for the election was started by two Pulaski County clergymen in an attempt to reverse Burnside 's moist status . On October 15 , 2013 the City of Burnside voted to go fully wet by a count of 123-39 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muhammad_Shaybani", "text": "Muhammad Shaybani Khan ( Uzbek : Muhammad Shayboniy , also known as Abul-Fath Shaybani Khan or Shayabak Khan or Shahi Beg Khan , originally named Shibägh , which means wormwood or obsidian ) ( c. 1451 - 2 December 1510 ) , was an Uzbek leader who consolidated various Uzbek tribes and laid the foundations for their ascendance in Transoxiana and the establishment of the Khanate of Bukhara . He was a Shaybanid or descendant of Shiban ( or Shayban ) , the fifth son of Jochi , Genghis Khan 's eldest son . His father was Sheikh Haidar , son of Abu ' l-Khayr Khan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampa_Spartans_football", "text": "The Tampa Spartans football program was an intercollegiate American football team for the University of Tampa ( UT ) located in Tampa , Florida that began play in 1933 . The program competed against other small college programs in the forerunner of today 's NCAA Division II for almost forty years before moving to the top level of NCAA Division I as an independent in 1971 . Successfully competing against top college programs as a much smaller school put an enormous strain on the university 's finances , and the school decided to discontinue football after the 1974 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Sydney_Airport", "text": "Nancy-Bird Walton International Airport ( also known as Western Sydney Airport ) Western Sydney is the site for the second Sydney airport , located within the suburb of Badgerys Creek . The Airport is planned to have 24 hour and curfew-free operations . This is in contrast to Sydney Kingford Smith Airport , which has a legislated curfew , flight caps , 'noise sharing ' and noise insulation program.Construction of Stage 1 of the Airport began on 24 September 2018 and is expected to be complete and open by December 2026 . The site was officially designated by the Federal Government on 15 April 2014 , after decades of community opposition to the locations of another airport within the Sydney basin . The airport 's location is situated 44 kilometres ( 27 mi ) west of the Sydney CBD and 41 km ( 25 mi ) west of Sydney Kingsford Smith Airport , as the crow flies . The site lies 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) south of the City of Penrith CBD and approximately 20 kilometre north of the City of Campbelltown CBD . The Township of Luddenham is located adjacent to the airport , 1 kilometre from the runway . It is also located within 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) of the World Heritage Listed Blue Mountains National Park , sparking serious concerns about declared Wilderness , Wild Rivers , Amenity , World Heritage status and the City of the Blue Mountains economy . The site is within the City of Liverpool local government area and consists of approximately 1,700 hectares ( 4,200 acres ) of Commonwealth land that was acquired between 1986 and 1991 . Following the purchase , the decision was made by the Government that construction of a third runway at Sydney Kingsford Smith Airport was more appropriate . The airport is legislated for construction via the Commonwealth Governments Airports Act 1996 , and is known as Sydney West Airport under this Act . The airport will be developed and operated under the Airports Act 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1927_in_aviation", "text": "This is a list of aviation-related events from 1927 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber_Petronas_Engineering", "text": "Sauber Petronas Engineering AG ( SPE ) was a company owned jointly by the Swiss racing car manufacturer Sauber ( 60% ) and the Malaysian oil company Petronas ( 40% ) . It was founded in 1996 for the purpose of supplying engines to the Sauber Formula One team but at the same time the company began work on the design of production car engines for the Malaysian national car company Proton . The company also helped develop racing motorcycles like Petronas GP1 . Former Honda and Ferrari engineer Osamu Goto was in charge of the Powertrain Division , including the F1 engine program . The engines were for many years nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari but were branded Petronas . Sauber licensed nearly every legally licensable part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff . Many pointed out suspicious similarities between Ferrari and Sauber chassis , but no formal accusations were ever made , even if FIA rules require each team to design their own chassis . The long-term aim of Sauber Petronas was to design and build its own F1 engines for the 1999 season but the programme was abandoned , choosing instead to continue with the Ferrari units . In 1998 , Petronas commissioned the Powertrain Division of SPE to design their own first commercial automotive engine , the Petronas E01e engine . After the 2005 season , Sauber was bought by BMW and the co-operation with Ferrari ended ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WZOX", "text": "WZOX ( 96.5 FM ) is a radio station in Portage , Michigan . The station currently broadcasts a variety hits format branded as 96.5 Jack FM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Acklins", "text": "Acklins is an island and district of the Bahamas . It is one of a group of islands arranged along a large , shallow lagoon called the Bight of Acklins , of which the largest are Crooked Island ( 200 km2 or 76 sq mi ) in the north and Acklins ( 310 km2 or 120 sq mi ) in the southeast , and the smaller are Long Cay ( once known as Fortune Island , ( 21 km2 or 8 sq mi ) ) in the northwest , and Castle Island in the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rose_Bay,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Rose Bay is a harbourside , eastern suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Rose Bay is located seven kilometres east of the Sydney central business district , in the local government areas of Waverley Council ( east of Old South Head Road ) and Municipality of Woollahra ( on its western side towards the bay ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K._S._R._Das", "text": "Konda Subbarama Das ( 5 January 1936 - 8 June 2012 ) or Doss ( Telugu : కె . ఆర్ . దాస్ ) was an Indian film director and film editor . He had directed many blockbuster films in many South Indian language films , primarily Telugu and Kannada films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karpacz", "text": "Karpacz [ ˈkarpat͡ʂ ] ( German : Krummhübel ) is a spa town and ski resort in Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south-western Poland , and one of the most important centres for mountain hiking and skiing , including ski jumping . Its population is about 5,000 ( 2014 ) . Karpacz is situated in the Karkonosze Mountains - a resort with increasing importance for tourism as an alternative to the Alps . Karpacz is located at 480 to 885 metres ( 1,575-2,904 ft ) above sea level . South of Karpacz on the border to the Czech Republic there is Mount Sněžka-Śnieżka ( 1,602 m ( 5,256 ft ) ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dark_Blue_World", "text": "Dark Blue World ( Czech : Tmavomodrý svět ) is a 2001 film by Czech director Jan Svěrák , the Academy Award-winning director of Kolya , about Czech pilots who fought for the British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the Second World War . The screenplay was written by Zdeněk Svěrák , the director 's father . The film stars Czech actors Ondřej Vetchý , Kryštof Hádek and Oldřich Kaiser . British actors include Tara Fitzgerald , Charles Dance and Anna Massey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minardi", "text": "Minardi was an Italian automobile racing team and constructor founded in Faenza in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi . It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 with little success , nevertheless acquiring a loyal following of fans . In 2001 , to save the team from folding , Minardi sold it to Australian businessman Paul Stoddart , who ran the team for five years before selling it on to Red Bull GmbH in 2005 who renamed it Scuderia Toro Rosso . From 2001 , all of Minardi chassis are called PS then a number , the PS being the initials of team owner , Paul Stoddart . During its time in F1 , the team scored a total of 38 championship points ; 16 of these were earned by the team 's first driver , Pierluigi Martini . Martini also recorded the team 's only front row start , qualifying 2nd at the 1990 United States Grand Prix , and he led a lap during the 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix , the only time a Minardi led a lap . The team never achieved a podium finish , only managing three 4th-place finishes : Martini twice in 1991 and Christian Fittipaldi in 1993 . In the 21 seasons , Minardi entered 37 drivers . Thirteen had Italian nationality , the others came with 13 different nationalities ( discounting Doornbos racing under a Monaco license in 2005 ) . Martini started in 103 Grands Prix for the team , while Morbidelli and Gené started 33 times . Before Minardi 's demise , the team was a particularly well-liked team within Formula One circles for its friendliness , accessibility , and lack of corporate culture . On the track , their cars were regarded by many as well-designed for their tiny budget , their low position recognised as a result of a lack of funds ( and engine power ) rather than a poor car ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salesian", "text": "The Salesians of Don Bosco ( SDB ; also known as the Salesian Society or Salesian Order ; officially named the Society of St Francis de Sales ) is a Catholic religious institute of the Latin Church , founded in the late nineteenth century by Italian priest Saint John Bosco to help poor children during the Industrial Revolution . The Salesians ' charter describes the society 's mission as the Christian perfection of its associates obtained by the exercise of spiritual and corporal works of charity towards the young , especially the poor , and the education of boys to the priesthood . The institute is named after Francis de Sales , an early-modern bishop from Geneva ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Graham_Dorrington", "text": "Graham Dorrington ( born in Chalfont St. Giles ) , is an English aeronautical engineer . He received his PhD from the University of Cambridge in 1989 and was formerly a lecturer at Queen Mary , University of London , though he is now teaching at RMIT University in Melbourne , Australia . He was the subject of the film The White Diamond ( 2004 ) directed by Werner Herzog ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivy_Mike", "text": "Ivy Mike was the codename given to the first full-scale test of a thermonuclear device , in which part of the explosive yield comes from nuclear fusion . Ivy Mike was detonated on November 1 , 1952 , by the United States on the island of Elugelab in Enewetak Atoll , in the now independent island nation of the Marshall Islands , as part of Operation Ivy . It was the first full test of the Teller-Ulam design , a staged fusion device . Due to its physical size and fusion fuel type ( cryogenic liquid deuterium ) , the Mike device was not suitable for use as a deliverable weapon . It was intended as a technically conservative proof of concept experiment to validate the concepts used for multi-megaton detonations . As a result of the collection of samples from the explosion by U.S. Air force pilots ( one of whom died ) , scientists found traces of the isotopes plutonium-246 and plutonium-244 , and confirmed the existence of the predicted but undiscovered elements einsteinium and fermium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadion_Schnabelholz", "text": "The CASHPOINT Arena is a multi-use stadium in Altach , Austria . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SC Rheindorf Altach . The stadium holds 8,500 and was built in 1990 . Coordinates : 47°21′14″N 9°38′12″E / 47.35389°N 9.63667°E / 47.35389 ; 9.63667"}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Come_Fly_with_Me_(film)", "text": "Come Fly with Me is a 1963 British comedy film about three beautiful international air hostesses looking for romance and excitement . The film has dramatic or soap opera elements to it , and was a vehicle for glamorizing the jet age and the prestige , adventure and romance that came with being an air hostess . It is based on Bernard Glemser 's 1960 chick-lit novel Girl on a Wing , which was published again in 1969 under the title The Fly Girls . Directed by Henry Levin , the film stars Dolores Hart , Hugh O'Brian , Karlheinz Böhm , Pamela Tiffin , Karl Malden , and Lois Nettleton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Castle,_Delaware", "text": "New Castle is a city in New Castle County , Delaware , United States , six miles ( 10 km ) south of Wilmington , and situated on the Delaware River . According to the 2010 Census , the population of the city is 5,285 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mississippi_State_University", "text": "Mississippi State University for Agriculture and Applied Science , commonly known as Mississippi State University ( MSU ) , is a public land-grant research university adjacent to Starkville , Mississippi . It is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very High Research Activity and has a total research and development budget of $ 239.4 million , the largest in Mississippi . The university was chartered as Mississippi Agricultural & Mechanical College on February 28 , 1878 and admitted its first students in 1880 . Organized into 12 colleges and schools , the university offers over 180 baccalaureate , graduate , and professional degree programs , and is home to Mississippi 's only accredited programs in architecture and veterinary medicine . Mississippi State participates in the National Sea Grant College Program and National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program . The university 's main campus in Starkville is supplemented by auxiliary campuses in Meridian , Biloxi , and Vicksburg . The 19th and current president of Mississippi State is Mark E. Keenum , a former United States Under Secretary of Agriculture . Mississippi State 's intercollegiate sports teams , the Mississippi State Bulldogs , compete in NCAA Division I athletics as members of the Southeastern Conference 's western division . Mississippi State was a founding member of the SEC in 1932 . In their more-than 120-year history , the Bulldogs have won 21 individual national championships and 30 regular season conference championships . The school is noted for a pervasive baseball fan culture , with Dudy Noble Field holding 17 of the top 25 all-time NCAA attendance records and the school 's Left Field Lounge being described as an epicenter of college baseball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Árni_Sveinsson", "text": "Árni Sveinsson ( born 12 February 1956 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder . He won 50 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1975 and 1985 . Árni began his career with ÍA and made his senior debut during the 1973 season . He went on to play 199 league matches for the club , scoring 28 goals . During the winter of 1978-79 , he had a spell with Dutch Eerste Divisie side SBV Excelsior , where he scored twice in four appearances . In 1987 , Árni joined 3. deild club Stjarnan , where was a part of the team that won successive promotions in 1988 and 1989 . In total , he played 64 league matches for Stjarnan and scored 42 goals . Árni played three games for Aris Bonnevoie in Luxembourg in the 1990-91 season , before signing with Dalvík upon his return to Iceland . After a year with Dalvík , he returned to Stjarnan for one season before retiring from football in 1992 . As a youth , Árni won seven caps for the Iceland national under-19 football team . He made scored his first international goal in the 5-3 win against Scotland U19 on 12 April 1974 , and scored twice in a 5-1 win over Faroe Islands U19 later the same year . Árni won his first senior cap on 23 June 1975 as Iceland recorded a 6-0 victory over the Faroe Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basque_Country_(autonomous_community)", "text": "The Basque Country ( /bæsk , bɑːsk/ ; Basque : Euskadi [ eus̺kadi ] ; Spanish : País Vasco [ paˈiz ˈβasko ] ) , officially the Basque Autonomous Community ( Basque : Euskal Autonomia Erkidegoa , EAE ; Spanish : Comunidad Autónoma Vasca , CAV ) is an autonomous community in northern Spain . It includes the Basque provinces of Álava , Biscay , and Gipuzkoa . The Basque Country or Basque Autonomous Community was granted the status of nationality within Spain , attributed by the Spanish Constitution of 1978 . The autonomous community is based on the Statute of Autonomy of the Basque Country , a foundational legal document providing the framework for the development of the Basque people on Spanish soil . Navarre , which had narrowly rejected a joint statute of autonomy with Gipuzkoa , Álava and Biscay in 1932 , was granted a separate statute in 1982 . Currently there is no official capital in the autonomous community , but the city of Vitoria-Gasteiz , in the province of Álava , is the de facto capital as the location of the Basque Parliament , the headquarters of the Basque Government , and the residence of the President of the Basque Autonomous Community ( the Palace of Ajuria Enea ) . The High Court of Justice of the Basque Country has its headquarters in the city of Bilbao . Whilst Vitoria-Gasteiz is the largest municipality in area , with 277 km2 ( 107 sq mi ) , Bilbao is the largest in population , with 353,187 people , located in the province of Biscay within a conurbation of 875,552 people . The term Basque Country may also refer to the larger cultural region ( Basque : Euskal Herria ) , the home of the Basque people , which includes the autonomous community ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greg_Monroe", "text": "Gregory Keith Monroe Jr. ( born June 4 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player for Bayern Munich of the Basketball Bundesliga ( BBL ) and the EuroLeague . In his freshman season at Georgetown University , Monroe was named Big East Rookie of the Year . He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons in the 2010 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick and became the last Pistons player to wear the number 10 jersey , after the Pistons retired the number for Dennis Rodman at halftime of a game against the Chicago Bulls on April 1 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walworth_Road", "text": "The A215 is an A road in South London , starting at Elephant and Castle and finishing around Shirley . It runs through the London Boroughs of Lambeth , Southwark and Croydon . Beginning as Walworth Road , the A215 becomes Camberwell Road - much of which is a conservation area - after entering the former Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell . Crossing the A202 , the A215 becomes Denmark Hill , originally known as Dulwich Hill , but renamed in 1683 to commemorate the marriage of Princess Anne ( later Queen Anne ) to Prince George of Denmark . After passing Herne Hill railway station the road becomes Norwood Road , Knights Hill , and then Beulah Hill at its crossroads with the A214 . Beulah Hill was the site of Britain 's first independent television transmitter , built by the Independent Television Authority in 1955 . Descending towards South Norwood the A215 becomes South Norwood Hill and then Portland Road , just after crossing the A213 . A short section starting at the junction with Woodside Green is known as Spring Lane , leading to Shirley Road , the final section into Shirley , Croydon . The A215 was Britain 's most crash-prone A-road between 1999-2010 , having had 2,836 crashes over its 10 mile length ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bank_Negara_Komuter_station", "text": "Bank Negara Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station in central Kuala Lumpur , named after the Central Bank of Malaysia headquarters located nearby . The halt forms part of a common KTM Komuter railway line shared by both the Port Klang Line and the Seremban Line . It is located at Jalan Dato ' Onn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CJGV-FM", "text": "CFPG-FM ( 99.1 FM Peggy @ 99.1 ) is a radio station in Winnipeg . Owned by Corus Entertainment , it broadcasts a mainstream adult contemporary format . Its transmitter is located in Duff Roblin Provincial Park , while its studios are located alongside its sister stations in a building near the Polo Park mall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgian_architecture", "text": "Georgian architecture is the name given in most English-speaking countries to the set of architectural styles current between 1714 and 1830 . It is eponymous for the first four British monarchs of the House of Hanover - George I , George II , George III , and George IV - who reigned in continuous succession from August 1714 to June 1830 . The style was revived in the late 19th century in the United States as Colonial Revival architecture and in the early 20th century in Great Britain as Neo-Georgian architecture ; in both it is also called Georgian Revival architecture . In the United States the term Georgian is generally used to describe all buildings from the period , regardless of style ; in Britain it is generally restricted to buildings that are architectural in intention , and have stylistic characteristics that are typical of the period , though that covers a wide range . The Georgian style is highly variable , but marked by symmetry and proportion based on the classical architecture of Greece and Rome , as revived in Renaissance architecture . Ornament is also normally in the classical tradition , but typically restrained , and sometimes almost completely absent on the exterior . The period brought the vocabulary of classical architecture to smaller and more modest buildings than had been the case before , replacing English vernacular architecture ( or becoming the new vernacular style ) for almost all new middle-class homes and public buildings by the end of the period . Georgian architecture is characterized by its proportion and balance ; simple mathematical ratios were used to determine the height of a window in relation to its width or the shape of a room as a double cube . Regularity , as with ashlar ( uniformly cut ) stonework , was strongly approved , imbuing symmetry and adherence to classical rules : the lack of symmetry , where Georgian additions were added to earlier structures remaining visible , was deeply felt as a flaw , at least before John Nash began to introduce it in a variety of styles . Regularity of housefronts along a street was a desirable feature of Georgian town planning . Until the start of the Gothic Revival in the early 19th century , Georgian designs usually lay within the Classical orders of architecture and employed a decorative vocabulary derived from ancient Rome or Greece ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sterkfontein", "text": "Sterkfontein ( Afrikaans for Strong Spring ) is a set of limestone caves of special interest to paleo-anthropologists located in Gauteng province , about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Johannesburg , South Africa in the Muldersdrift area close to the town of Krugersdorp . The archaeological sites of Swartkrans and Kromdraai are in the same area . Sterkfontein is a South African National Heritage Site and was also declared a World Heritage Site in 2000 . The area in which it is situated is known as the Cradle of Humankind . The Sterkfontein Caves are also home to numerous wild African species including Belonogaster petiolata , a wasp species of which there is a large nesting presence . Numerous early hominin remains have been found at the site over the last few decades . These have been attributed to Australopithecus , early Homo and Paranthropus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piotrków_Governorate", "text": "Piotrków Governorate ( Russian : Петроковская губерния ; Polish : Gubernia piotrkowska ) was an administrative unit ( governorate ) of the Congress Poland . Its capital was in Piotrków Trybunalski ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iron_Man", "text": "Iron Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The character was co-created by writer and editor Stan Lee , developed by scripter Larry Lieber , and designed by artists Don Heck and Jack Kirby . The character made his first appearance in Tales of Suspense # 39 ( cover dated March 1963 ) , and received his own title in Iron Man # 1 ( May 1968 ) . A wealthy American business magnate , playboy , and ingenious scientist , Anthony Edward Tony Stark suffers a severe chest injury during a kidnapping . When his captors attempt to force him to build a weapon of mass destruction , he instead creates a mechanized suit of armor to save his life and escape captivity . Later , Stark develops his suit , adding weapons and other technological devices he designed through his company , Stark Industries . He uses the suit and successive versions to protect the world as Iron Man . Although at first concealing his true identity , Stark eventually declared that he was , in fact , Iron Man in a public announcement . Initially , Iron Man was a vehicle for Stan Lee to explore Cold War themes , particularly the role of American technology and industry in the fight against communism . Subsequent re-imaginings of Iron Man have transitioned from Cold War motifs to contemporary matters of the time . Throughout most of the character 's publication history , Iron Man has been a founding member of the superhero team the Avengers and has been featured in several incarnations of his own various comic book series . Iron Man has been adapted for several animated TV shows and films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997_NFL_season", "text": "The 1997 NFL season was the 78th regular season of the National Football League . The Oilers relocated from Houston , Texas to Nashville , Tennessee . The newly renamed Tennessee Oilers played their home games during this season at the Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee while construction of a new stadium in Nashville started . Houston would rejoin the NFL with the expansion Texans in 2002 . This was the last season to date that TNT broadcast NFL games , as well as the last for NBC until 2006 . When the TV contracts were renewed near the end of the season , Fox retained the National Football Conference package , CBS took over the American Football Conference package and ESPN won the right to televise all of the Sunday night games . Due to Game 7 of the 1997 World Series , the Chicago Bears-Miami Dolphins game at Pro Player Stadium was delayed one day to Monday , October 27 . The Denver Broncos and Tampa Bay Buccaneers both changed their uniforms , and the new uniforms for both teams were introduced during this season . The season ended with Super Bowl XXXII when the Denver Broncos defeated the Green Bay Packers 31-24 at Qualcomm Stadium . This broke the National Football Conference 's streak of thirteen consecutive Super Bowl victories , the last American Football Conference win having been the Los Angeles Raiders defeating the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl XVIII ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miroslav_Blažević", "text": "Miroslav Ćiro Blažević ( ; born 10 February 1935 ) is a Bosnian Croat former football manager and former professional football player . His professional playing career spanned from 1954 to 1966 , during which he played for GNK Dinamo Zagreb , NK Lokomotiva , FK Sarajevo , NK Rijeka and Swiss clubs FC Sion and . As a manager , his most successful period was with the Croatian national team , which he led to the quarter-finals in the 1996 European championship and won third place at the 1998 FIFA World Cup . He also managed national teams : Switzerland , Iran , Bosnia and Herzegovina and China Olympic . Blažević also had successful spells at FC Vevey , FC Sion , FC Lausanne-Sport , NK Rijeka , Dinamo Zagreb , Grasshopper Zürich , FK Priština , NK Osijek , NK Varteks , NK Zagreb , Shanghai Shenhua and FK Sloboda Tuzla . From 29 March 1993 to 23 February 1995 he was president of Dinamo Zagreb . Parallel to his coaching , Blažević also maintains an off-and-on political career in Croatia where he is known as Trener svih trenera ( the Coach of all coaches ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Ittihad_SC_Aleppo", "text": "Al-Ittihad Sports Club of Aleppo ( Arabic : نادي الاتحاد الرياضي الحلبي ) is a professional multi-sports club based in the Syrian city of Aleppo , mostly known for its football team which competes in the Syrian Premier League , the top league of Syrian football . Being one of the most successful clubs in Syrian football history , Al-Ittihad won six Syrian football league titles and nine Syrian cups . In Asia , their best performance was in 2010 when they became champions of AFC Cup competition . The club was founded in 1949 and received its license in 1953 . They play their home games at the Aleppo International Stadium since its inauguration in 2008 . The club have their own ground ; Al-Ittihad Stadium with a capacity of 10,000 spectators . Al-Ittihad are also known for their basketball team . In general , 20 types of sports are being practiced by the club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Schumacher", "text": "Michael Schumacher ( /ˈʃuːmɑːkər/ ; German : [ ˈmɪçaːʔeːl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ] ( listen ) ; born 3 January 1969 ) is a retired German racing driver who raced in Formula One for Jordan Grand Prix , Benetton and Ferrari , where he spent most of his career , as well as for Mercedes upon his return to the sport . Widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers ever , and regarded by some as the greatest of all time , Schumacher is the only driver in history to win seven Formula One World Championships , five of which he won consecutively . The most successful driver in the history of the sport , Schumacher holds the records for the most World Championship titles ( 7 ) , the most Grand Prix wins ( 91 ) , the most fastest laps ( 77 ) and the most races won in a single season ( 13 ) , and according to the official Formula One website ( Formula1.com ) , Schumacher was statistically the greatest driver the sport has ever seen at the time of his retirement from the sport . After success in karting as a child , Schumacher won titles in Formula König and Formula Three before joining Mercedes in the World Sportscar Championship . In 1991 his Mercedes-funded race debut for the Jordan Formula One team resulted in Schumacher being signed by Benetton for the rest of that season . He finished third in 1992 and fourth in 1993 , before becoming the first German World Drivers ' Champion in 1994 by one point over Damon Hill , albeit in controversial circumstances . In 1995 he repeated the success , this time with a greater margin . In 1996 Schumacher moved to Ferrari , who had last won the Drivers ' Championship in 1979 , and helped them transform into the most successful team in Formula One history , as he came close to winning the 1997 and 1998 titles , before breaking his leg at the 1999 British Grand Prix , ending another title run . Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 , including an unprecedented sixth and seventh title . In 2002 Schumacher won the title with a record six races remaining and finished on the podium in every race . In 2004 Schumacher won twelve out of the first thirteen races and went on to win a record 13 times as he won his final title . Schumacher retired from Formula One in 2006 , after finishing runner-up to Renault 's Fernando Alonso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Armando_Picchi", "text": "The Stadio Armando Picchi is a multi-purpose stadium in Livorno , Italy . The A.S. Livorno Calcio once used the Villa Chayes Stadium , nearby the Naval Academy , for his matches but when the city team was promoted to the Serie A in 1928-29 Divisione Nazionale was indispensable to build a new larger one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Badou_Ndiaye", "text": "Papa Alioune Ndiaye ( IPA : [ ⁿdʒaj ] ; born 27 October 1990 ) , known as Badou Ndiaye , is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Trabzonspor , on loan from Stoke City . Badou began his career with Diambars in his native Senegal before moving to Norwegian side Bodø/Glimt in 2012 . After impressing in Norway he joined Turkish Süper Lig side Osmanlıspor in 2015 . He spent two years with Osmanlıspor before joining Galatasaray in August 2017 for a fee of €7.5 million . In January 2018 Badou signed for English Premier League club Stoke City for a fee of £14 million . Following Stoke 's relegation in 2017-18 , Badou re-joined Galatasaray on loan for the 2018-19 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBC", "text": "The National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) is an American English-language commercial terrestrial radio and television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal , a subsidiary of Comcast . The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City , with additional major offices near Los Angeles ( at 10 Universal City Plaza ) , Chicago ( at the NBC Tower ) and Philadelphia ( at the Comcast Technology Center ) . The network is one of the Big Three television networks . NBC is sometimes referred to as the Peacock Network , in reference to its stylized peacock logo , introduced in 1956 to promote the company 's innovations in early color broadcasting . It became the network 's official emblem in 1979 . Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States . At that time the parent company of RCA was General Electric ( GE ) . In 1932 , GE was forced to sell RCA and NBC as a result of antitrust charges . In 1986 , control of NBC passed back to General Electric ( GE ) through its $ 6.4 billion purchase of RCA . GE immediately began to liquidate RCA 's various divisions , but retained NBC . Following the acquisition by GE , Bob Wright served as chief executive officer of NBC , remaining in that position until his retirement in 2007 , when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker . In 2003 , French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE , forming NBC Universal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mazlizam_Mohamad", "text": "Mazlizam Mohamad ( born 19 September 1986 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a defender for Perlis FA in the Malaysia Premier League . He was a member of the Malaysia national under-23 football team and a member of the 2009 Laos Sea Games Football Gold medal winning squad . He has played for the Malaysian national football team , and in summer 2009 he played twice against Manchester United in their pre season tour of the Far East . His first cap for Malaysia came in a friendly match against India on 13 November 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco_Giants", "text": "The San Francisco Giants are an American professional baseball team based in San Francisco , California . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) West division . Founded in 1883 as the New York Gothams , and renamed three years later the New York Giants , the team eventually moved to San Francisco in 1958 . As one of the longest-established and most successful professional baseball teams , the franchise has won the most games of any team in the history of American baseball . The team was the first major league team based in New York City , most memorably playing at the legendary Polo Grounds . They have won 23 NL pennants and have played in 20 World Series competitions - both NL records . The Giants ' eight World Series championships rank second in the National League and fifth overall ( the New York Yankees are first with 27 , then the St. Louis Cardinals ( the National League record-holders ) with 11 , and the Oakland Athletics and the Boston Red Sox both with 9 ) . The Giants have played in the World Series 20 times - 14 times in New York , six in San Francisco - but boycotted the event in 1904 . Playing as the New York Giants , they won 14 pennants and five World Series championships behind managers such as John McGraw and Bill Terry and players such as Christy Mathewson , Carl Hubbell , Mel Ott , Bobby Thomson , and Willie Mays . The Giants ' franchise has the most Hall of Fame players in all of professional baseball . The Giants ' rivalry with the Los Angeles Dodgers is one of the longest-standing and biggest rivalries in American sports . The teams began their rivalry as the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers , respectively , before both franchises moved west for the 1958 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oliver_Hynd", "text": "Oliver William Hynd MBE , known as Ollie , ( born 27 October 1994 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire ) is a British swimmer . He competed in the Paralympics as a class 8 swimmer , having neuromuscular myopathy and associated limb deformities . In 2018 , following reclassification protocols , Hynd moved into the S9 class , but remained in SB8 for breaststroke . Hynd made his international debut at the 2011 IPC European Championships where he won the 200 m individual medley , setting a new European record . In the 400 m freestyle , he finished in second place just behind older brother Sam . Hynd won a gold medal in SM8 200m individual medley at Paralympics 2012 . He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to swimming . In 2015 , Hynd was awarded the Disabled Sportsperson of the Year accolade at the Nottinghamshire Sports Awards for the second year in a row . At the Rio de Janeiro Paralympic Games in 2016 , Hynd won the gold medal in his opening event , the 400 m freestyle S8 , beating the world record in the final , held on 8 September . He repeated the feat in his closing event , winning gold and setting a new world record in the 200 m individual medley SM8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madinda_Ndlovu", "text": "Madinda Ndlovu ( born 2 May 1965 ) is a Zimbabwean former footballer and manager currently in charge of Botswana Premier League club Gaborone United . He is generally considered one of the greatest Zimbabwean players of all time . After retiring Ndlovu began his managerial career as head coach of his boyhood club Highlanders in 1998 . He first came to Botswana as the manager of Township Rollers in 2005 but lasted only two seasons before joining fellow Botswana Premier League club Nico United , helping them to a highest-ever league finish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hungary", "text": "Hungary ( Hungarian : Magyarország [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Central Europe . Spanning 93,030 square kilometres ( 35,920 sq mi ) in the Carpathian Basin , it borders Slovakia to the north , Ukraine to the northeast , Romania to the east and southeast , Serbia to the south , Croatia and Slovenia to the southwest , and Austria to the west . With about 10 million inhabitants , Hungary is a medium-sized member state of the European Union . The official language is Hungarian , which is the most widely spoken Uralic language in the world , and among the few non-Indo-European languages to be widely spoken in Europe . Hungary 's capital and largest city is Budapest ; other major urban areas include Debrecen , Szeged , Miskolc , Pécs and Győr . The territory of modern Hungary was for centuries inhabited by a succession of peoples , including Celts , Romans , Germanic tribes , Huns , West Slavs and the Avars . The foundations of the Hungarian state were established in the late ninth century CE by the Hungarian grand prince Árpád following the conquest of the Carpathian Basin . His great-grandson Stephen I ascended the throne in 1000 , converting his realm to a Christian kingdom . By the 12th century , Hungary became a regional power , reaching its cultural and political height in the 15th century . Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526 , Hungary was partially occupied by the Ottoman Empire ( 1541-1699 ) . It came under Habsburg rule at the turn of the 18th century , and later joined Austria to form the Austro-Hungarian Empire , a major European power . The Austro-Hungarian Empire collapsed after World War I , and the subsequent Treaty of Trianon established Hungary 's current borders , resulting in the loss of 71% of its territory , 58% of its population , and 32% of ethnic Hungarians ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beijing", "text": "Beijing ( /ˌbeɪˈdʒɪŋ/ BAY-JING , /ˌbeɪˈʒɪŋ/ BAY-ZHING ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ pèi.tɕíŋ ] ( listen ) ) , formerly romanized as Peking ( /ˌpiːˈkɪŋ/ PEE-KING ) , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China , the world 's third most populous city proper , and most populous capital city . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the central government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together , the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China . Beijing is an important world capital and global power city , and one of the world 's leading centers for culture , diplomacy and politics , business and economy , education , language , and science and technology . A megacity , Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation 's cultural , educational , and political center . It is home to the headquarters of most of China 's largest state-owned companies and houses the largest number of Fortune Global 500 companies in the world , as well as the world 's four biggest financial institutions . It is also a major hub for the national highway , expressway , railway , and high-speed rail networks . The Beijing Capital International Airport has been the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic since 2010 , and , as of 2016 [ update ] , the city 's subway network is the busiest and longest in the world . Combining both modern and traditional architecture , Beijing is one of the oldest cities in the world , with a rich history dating back three millennia . As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China , Beijing has been the political center of the country for most of the past eight centuries , and was the largest city in the world by population for much of the second millennium AD . Encyclopædia Britannica notes that few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural center of an area as immense as China . With mountains surrounding the inland city on three sides , in addition to the old inner and outer city walls , Beijing was strategically poised and developed to be the residence of the emperor and thus was the perfect location for the imperial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Alejandro_Villanueva", "text": "The Estadio Alejandro Villanueva , formerly Estadio Alianza Lima , is a football stadium located in the neighborhood of Matute in La Victoria District in Lima , Peru . The stadium is the home of Alianza Lima . The stadium has a capacity of 33,938 people . It is named after former Alianza Lima player Alejandro Villanueva ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florinda_Chico", "text": "Florinda Chico Martín Mora MML ( 24 April 1926 - 19 February 2011 ) was a Spanish actress of film , theater and television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Paranaense", "text": "Club Athletico Paranaense , commonly known as Athletico-PR , is a Brazilian football team from Curitiba in Paraná , founded on March 26 , 1924 . The team won the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , Brazil 's top football division , in 2001 , the Copa Sudamericana in 2018 and the Copa do Brasil in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/(172034)_2001_WR1", "text": "( 172034 ) 2001 WR1 , provisional designation 2001 WR1 , is a sub-kilometer near-Earth object of the Amor group , approximately 650 meters ( 2,100 feet ) in diameter . The S-type asteroid has been identified as a potential flyby target of the Hayabusa2 mission . It was discovered on 17 November 2001 , by astronomers with the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research at the Lincoln Laboratory 's Experimental Test Site near Socorro , New Mexico , in the United States . The asteroid has a rotation period of 8.0 hours and possibly an elongated shape . It remains unnamed since its numbering in December 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luciano_Pavarotti", "text": "Luciano Pavarotti Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI ( /ˌpævəˈrɒti/ , also US : /ˌpɑːv-/ , Italian : [ luˈtʃaːno pavaˈrɔtti ] ; 12 October 1935 - 6 September 2007 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who also crossed over into popular music , eventually becoming one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time . He made numerous recordings of complete operas and individual arias , gaining worldwide fame for the quality of his tone , and eventually established himself as one of the finest tenors of the 20th century , achieving the honorific title King of the High Cs . As one of the Three Tenors who performed their first concert during the 1990 FIFA World Cup before a global audience , Pavarotti became well known for his televised concerts and media appearances . From the beginning of his professional career as a tenor in 1961 in Italy to his final performance of Nessun dorma at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Pavarotti was at his best in bel canto operas , pre-Aida Verdi roles , and Puccini works such as La bohème , Tosca , Turandot and Madama Butterfly . He sold over 100 million records , and the first Three Tenors recording became the best-selling classical album of all time . Pavarotti was also noted for his charity work on behalf of refugees and the Red Cross , amongst others . He died from pancreatic cancer on 6 September 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_flowers", "text": "This is a list of U.S. state , federal district , and territory flowers :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Christy_Walton", "text": "Christy Ruth Walton ( née Tallant ; born February 8 , 1949 ) is the widow of John T. Walton , one of the sons of Sam Walton , the founder of Walmart . In June 2005 , her husband died in a plane crash , making her the main heir to his fortune of US $ 18.2 billion . Forbes listed Christy Walton as the richest woman in the world for several years . Her net worth was estimated to $ 41.7 billion in March 2015 , the bulk of which came from her shares in Walmart , but also from First Solar , in which her husband had invested . In November 2015 , an analysis of court documents by Bloomberg revealed that the bulk of her husband 's wealth had been transferred to her son , Lukas Walton , so that her own net worth was only about US $ 5 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_New_Adventures_of_Winnie_the_Pooh", "text": "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation . Based on the classic Winnie-the-Pooh books by author A . A. Milne , the show was the first time a major Disney character headlined an animated , made-for-television series . The cartoon premiered with a limited run on The Disney Channel on January 17 , 1988 . Nine months later , the show moved to ABC as part of their Saturday morning lineup . New episodes continued until October 26 , 1991 . Proving very popular with children and older fans , it remained on television in the United States for nearly two decades . The series depicts the everyday lives of Christopher Robin and his companions Pooh , Piglet , Rabbit , Tigger , Eeyore , Owl and Gopher . Rather than a straight-forward adaptation , the show was more Americanized than previous Pooh efforts . Episodes dealt with strong messages about honesty , responsibility , persistence , cooperative effort , friendship , and caring . Many stories are designed to help young children distinguish between fantasy and reality and overcome common childhood fears . The show had very high production values ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jane_Couch", "text": "Jane Couch , MBE ( born 14 August 1968 ) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1994 to 2007 . She became the first officially licensed British female boxer in 1998 , and won numerous world titles . Couch has since become a boxing promoter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sally_Seltmann", "text": "Sally Mary Seltmann ( born Sally Mary Russell , 11 September 1975 ) , is an Australian singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist and producer . From 2000 to 2009 , Seltmann used the stage name , New Buffalo . Under that name , Seltmann wrote , performed , arranged and produced her debut album , The Last Beautiful Day in September 2004 . Her second album , Somewhere , Anywhere appeared in March 2007 . Seltmann and Canadian singer-songwriter Feist , co-wrote the song 1234 ( originally Sally 's Song ) which was featured in a 2007 iPod Nano commercial . It became a Top 10 hit on the United States Billboard Hot 100 for Feist . Seltmann is married to Darren Seltmann formerly of electronic music group , The Avalanches . In April 2010 , Seltmann released her third solo album , Heart That 's Pounding . Late that year , she formed an indie rock trio , Seeker Lover Keeper , with fellow Australians Sarah Blasko and Holly Throsby . They issued a self-titled album in June 2011 , which peaked at number three on the ARIA Albums Chart.In 2013 , Seltmann released her fourth solo album , Hey Daydreamer . In April 2018 , Allen & Unwin published Sally Seltmann 's debut novel Lovesome . As a songwriter , Seltmann has won Australasian Performing Right Association awards for Professional Development - Pop/Dance Music in 2001 and Breakthrough Songwriter of the Year in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wailuku,_Hawaii", "text": "Wailuku is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in and county seat of Maui County , Hawaii , United States . The population was 15,313 at the 2010 census . Wailuku is located just west of Kahului , at the mouth of the Iao Valley . In the early 20th century Wailuku was the main tourist destination on Maui , though it has since been eclipsed with the rise of the resort towns such as Kaanapali , so much so that there are currently no hotels to speak of in Wailuku . Historic sites in the town include Kaʻahumanu Church ( named after one of Hawaiʻi 's great monarchs , Queen Kaʻahumanu ) which dates to 1876 , the Wailuku Civic Center Historic District , the site of the Chee Kung Tong Society Building , and the Bailey House , a 19th-century former seminary and home that houses a history museum and the Maui Historical Society . There are two ancient temples near Wailuku , called heiau - the Halekiʻi Heiau and the Pihanakalani Heiau . Both date back hundreds of years and were used for religious purposes by the native Hawaiians . [ citation needed ] Wailuku is served by Kahului Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/O,_The_Oprah_Magazine", "text": "O , The Oprah Magazine , sometimes simply abbreviated to O , is a monthly magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey and Hearst Communications and primarily marketed at women ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985–86_NHL_season", "text": "The 1985-86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League . This season saw the league 's Board of Governors introduce the Presidents ' Trophy , which would go to the team with the best overall record in the NHL regular season . The Edmonton Oilers would be the first winners of this award . The Montreal Canadiens defeated the Calgary Flames four games to one in the final series to win the Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tokyo_Musashino_City_FC", "text": "Tokyo Musashino City F.C . ( 東京武蔵野シティFC , Tokyo Musashino Shitī Efu Shī ) are a football ( soccer ) club based in Musashino City , Tokyo , Japan . They play in the Japan Football League . Their team colour is blue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grand_Stade_de_Casablanca", "text": "Grand Stade de Casablanca is a proposed title of the planned football stadium ( soccer stadium ) to be built in Casablanca , Morocco . Once completed in 2025 , it will be used mostly for football matches and will serve as the home of Wydad Casablanca and the Morocco national football team . The stadium is planned with a capacity of 93,000 spectators , making it the third-highest capacity football ( soccer ) stadium in Africa . If completed , it will replace Stade Mohamed V ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Preston_Carpenter", "text": "Verba Preston Carpenter ( January 24 , 1934 - June 30 , 2011 ) was an American football player . He played professionally as an end , halfback , tight end , and kick returner over eleven seasons for five different teams in the National Football League ( NFL ) and the American Football League ( AFL ) . Carpenter played college football at the University of Arkansas for the Razorbacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Utah_Jazz", "text": "The Utah Jazz are an American professional basketball team based in Salt Lake City . The Jazz compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Western Conference , Northwest Division . Since 1991 , the team has played its home games at Vivint Smart Home Arena . The franchise began play as an expansion team in 1974 as the New Orleans Jazz ( as a tribute to New Orleans ' history of originating Jazz music ) . The Jazz moved to Salt Lake City in 1979 . The Jazz were one of the most successful teams in the league in their early years . Although 10 seasons elapsed before the Jazz qualified for their first playoff appearance in 1984 , they did not miss the playoffs again until 2004 . During the late 1980s , John Stockton and Karl Malone arose as the franchise players for the team , and formed one of the most famed point guard-power forward duos in NBA history . Led by coach Jerry Sloan , who took over from Frank Layden in 1988 , they became one of the powerhouse teams of the 1990s , culminating in two NBA Finals appearances in 1997 and 1998 , where they lost both times to the Chicago Bulls , led by Michael Jordan . Both Stockton and Malone moved on in 2003 . After missing the playoffs for three consecutive seasons the Jazz returned to prominence under the on-court leadership of point guard Deron Williams . However , partway through the 2010-11 season , the Jazz began restructuring after Sloan 's retirement and Williams ' trade to the New Jersey Nets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/7mate", "text": "7mate is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel , which was launched by the Seven Network on 25 September 2010 . The channel contains sport and regular programs aimed primarily to a male audience , with programming drawn from a combination of new shows , American network shows and other shows previously aired on its sister channels Seven and 7TWO . As of December 2018 , it is the number one multichannel free-to-air digital channel in Australia Due to the rebroadcast of 7HD on 10 May 2016 , 7mate was reduced to a standard definition broadcast in Melbourne and Adelaide . Sydney , Brisbane and Perth instead received a HD simulcast of 7mate until December 2016 , with breakaway programming used from that point to broadcast AFL matches in HD while keeping 7HD as the primary channel simulcast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1970–71_NHL_season", "text": "The 1970-71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League . Two new teams , the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks made their debuts and were both put into the East Division . The Chicago Black Hawks were moved to the West Division . The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup by beating the Black Hawks in seven games in the finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tamil_Nadu_State_Film_Award_for_Best_Story_Writer", "text": "The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Storywriter is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil ( Kollywood ) films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antonio_Damato", "text": "Antonio Damato ( born 15 August 1972 ) is an ex-Italian football referee . A lawyer by profession , Damato became a FIFA referee in 2010 . He has served as a referee in the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League and during the 2014 World Cup qualifiers , beginning with the Group G match between Greece and Bosnia-Herzegovina . He ceased to be a FIFA referee in 2016 and retired from refereeing in Italian domestic football in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991_NFL_season", "text": "The 1991 NFL season was the 72nd regular season of the National Football League . It was the final season for legendary coach Chuck Noll . The season ended with Super Bowl XXVI when the Washington Redskins defeated the Buffalo Bills 37-24 at the Metrodome in Minnesota . This was the second of four consecutive Super Bowl losses for Buffalo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emeli_Sandé", "text": "Adele Emily Sandé , MBE ( /ˈsændeɪ/ SAN-day ; born 10 March 1987 ) , known professionally as Emeli Sandé , is a British singer and songwriter . Born in Sunderland , Tyne and Wear and raised in Alford , Aberdeenshire by an English mother and Zambian father , Sande rose to prominence after being a featured artist on the 2009 Chipmunk track Diamond Rings . It was their first top 10 single on the UK Singles Chart . In 2010 , she was featured on Never Be Your Woman by the rapper Wiley , which was another top ten hit . In 2012 , she received the Brit Awards ' Critics ' Choice Award . Sandé released her first solo single Heaven in August 2011 . She has two number-one singles across the UK and Ireland with Read All About It with Professor Green and Beneath Your Beautiful , a collaboration with Labrinth . Her album Our Version of Events spent ten non-consecutive weeks at number one and became the best-selling album of 2012 in the UK , with over 1 million sales . In 2012 , she performed in both the Opening and Closing ceremonies of the London Olympics . In 2013 , at the Brit Awards 2013 ceremony , she won two awards : Best British Female Solo Artist , and British Album of the Year . In 2016 , she released her second studio album Long Live the Angels , which debuted at number 2 on the UK album chart . In 2017 , she won the Brit Award for Best British Female Solo Artist , becoming her fourth win in total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_UEFA_Women's_Under-17_Championship", "text": "The 2012 UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship was the fifth edition of the UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship . The tournament serves as a qualifier to the 2012 FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup . The first qualifying matches were played on 29 September 2011 , the final was played on 29 June 2012 . With 42 participating nations a new U-17 record was set ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago", "text": "Chicago ( /ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ ) , officially the City of Chicago , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois , and the third-most-populous city in the United States . With an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States . Chicago is the county seat of Cook County , the second-most-populous county in the US , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city extending into DuPage County near O'Hare Airport . Chicago is the principal city of the Chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as Chicagoland . At nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the United States . Located on the shores of freshwater Lake Michigan , Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed and grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , which destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a concerted effort to rebuild . The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world . Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the Chicago School of architecture ) , the development of the City Beautiful Movement , and the steel-framed skyscraper . Chicago is an international hub for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . It is the site of the creation of the first standardized futures contracts , issued by the Chicago Board of Trade , which today is the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world , generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures alone . Depending on the particular year , the city 's O'Hare International Airport is routinely ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport according to tracked data by the Airports Council International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pete_Puma", "text": "This is a list of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies characters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1994_Commonwealth_Games", "text": "The 1994 Commonwealth Games were held in Victoria , in the province of British Columbia in Canada , from 18 to 28 August 1994 . The XV Commonwealth Games ( French : XVéme Jeux du Commonwealth ) marked South Africa 's return to the Commonwealth Games following the apartheid era , and over 30 years since the country last competed in the Games in 1958 . Namibia participated in its first Games after gaining independence from South Africa in 1990 , and the Caribbean island of Montserrat also made their Games debut . This was Hong Kong 's last appearance at the Games before the transfer of sovereignty from Britain to China . The official mascot of the Games was an anthropomorphic killer whale named Klee Wyck . Klee Wyck , meaning the laughing one , was a nickname given to Canadian painter and sculptor Emily Carr by the Ucluelet First Nation . Ten types of sports were featured at the Victoria Games : athletics , aquatics , badminton , boxing , cycling , gymnastics , lawn bowls , shooting , weightlifting , and wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Frischknecht", "text": "Thomas Frischknecht ( born 17 February 1970 in Feldbach , Switzerland ) is a former Swiss mountain bike and cyclo-cross racer , often called Europe 's Elder Statesman of mountain biking , because of his extraordinarily long career at the top level of the sport . A professional since 1990 , he was on top of the Mountain Bike World Championship podium for the first time in 1996 and most recently in 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brian_Wells_(figure_skater)", "text": "Brian Wells ( born September 23 , 1970 ) is an American retired competitive pair skater . He had the most success with partner Shelby Lyons , with whom he won four medals at the United States Figure Skating Championships , and competed with twice at the World Figure Skating Championships , placing 10th in 1996 and in 1998 . Their partnership ended in 1998 . Wells had previously competed with Laura Murphy , with whom he won the gold at the 1990 United States Collegiate Championships . Before that , he had competed with sister Ann-Marie Wells on the Junior level and at the 1988 and 1989 World Junior Figure Skating Championships . Following his skating days , Wells went back to college , eventually attending Harvard University and becoming a dentist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marnie_McBean", "text": "Marnie Elizabeth McBean , OC MSM ( born January 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian rower . McBean is a three-time Olympics gold medallist . A graduate of the University of Western Ontario , McBean competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the coxless pairs and eights events , winning gold medals in both . At the 1996 Summer Olympics she competed in the double and quadruple sculls , winning gold in the double and bronze in the quadruple . With her long-time rowing partner Kathleen Heddle , she was the first Canadians to win three Olympic Gold medals . [ citation needed ] In addition to her other exploits , McBean won a Silver medal in the prestigious single scull event at the 1993 World Rowing Championships . [ citation needed ] At the 2000 Sydney Olympics , McBean was set to represent Canada in the single scull and she had hoped to win a fourth gold medal . After travelling to Australia , a back injury which eventually required an operation forced McBean to withdraw from the Olympics and McBean decided to retire from international competition . In 1997 , McBean was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame . In 2002 , McBean was awarded the Thomas Keller Medal by FISA , the International Rowing Federation , for her outstanding career in international rowing . In 1997 , she was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal ( civil division ) . In 2013 , she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pirata_Morgan", "text": "Pedro Ortiz Villanueva ( born July 29 , 1962 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler , or luchador , and wrestling trainer who is best known under the ring name Pirata Morgan . Ortiz made his professional wrestling debut in 1979 and has in the last 20 years worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) and is active on the Mexican Independent circuit , having left AAA in early 2009 after working for the company for over 10 years . Ortiz 's ring name comes from the name of Captain Henry Morgan , a 16th-century Pirate noted for his cruelty . Pirata Morgan has been a member of the Trio Los Infernales from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s and as part of that group he was one third of the first Mexican National Trios Champions and CMLL World Trios Champions . He was also the founder of the group Los Bucaneros ( the Buccaneers ) , teaming with other family members who all used a Pirate Ring persona . In 1981 Ortiz suffered an injury during a match where he lost his right eye and has wrestled wearing an eyepatch ever since ."}
{"title": "/wiki/People_Like_Us_(2012_film)", "text": "People Like Us ( known during production as Welcome to People ) is a 2012 American drama film directed by Alex Kurtzman in his directorial debut . The film was written by Kurtzman , Roberto Orci and Jody Lambert , and stars Chris Pine , Elizabeth Banks , Olivia Wilde , Michael Hall D'Addario and Michelle Pfeiffer . A. R. Rahman composed the soundtrack . The film was released by Touchstone Pictures on June 29 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waldstadion_(Austria)", "text": "The TGW Arena ( Waldstadion ) is a multi-use stadium in Pasching , Austria . It is used for football matches and is the home ground of LASK Linz and FC Juniors OÖ . LASK will use the stadium until their new Stadium is in place , in 2022 . The stadium holds 7,870 and was built in 1990 . In 2016 LASK purchased the VIP tent from SV Grödig and installed it in the stadium . In February 2017 the Stadium was refurbished , with a new away sector and extra home seating , this was required for the stadium to reach Austrian Bundesliga standards . TGW Logistics Group announced the stadium sponsorship in 2017 . The company is a leading manufacturer and system integrator of automated intralogistics solutions with operations in Europe , North America and Asia . Headquarters are in Wels , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vanderson_Scardovelli", "text": "Vanderson Scardovelli ( born 27 September 1984 ) is a Brazilian football player who plays for Lamia as a left back ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peyton_Manning", "text": "Peyton Williams Manning ( born March 24 , 1976 ) is an American former professional football quarterback who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for 18 seasons . Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Indianapolis Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons . Manning played college football for the University of Tennessee , leading the Tennessee Volunteers to the 1997 SEC Championship Game in his senior season . He is the second son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and older brother of former NFL quarterback Eli Manning . Manning was selected by the Colts as the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft . From 1998 to 2010 , he improved the fortunes of the struggling Colts franchise and helped transform them into consistent playoff contenders . During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis . After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Broncos . Serving as the team 's starting quarterback from 2012 to 2015 , he contributed to the Broncos clinching their division each year and his playing career concluded with a victory in Super Bowl 50 . Manning holds many NFL records , including AP MVP awards ( 5 ) , Pro Bowl appearances ( 14 ) , 4,000-yard passing seasons ( 14 ) , single-season passing yards ( 5,477 in 2013 ) , single-season passing touchdowns ( 55 in 2013 ) . He is also tied with Otto Graham for the most First-Team All Pros for a quarterback ( 7 ) , and is second in career passing yards ( 71,940 ) and passing touchdowns ( 539 ) . A two-time Super Bowl winner and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLI , Manning is also the only quarterback to have multiple starts in the Super Bowl for two franchises and the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two franchises ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adib_Aizuddin_Abdul_Latif", "text": "Adib Aizuddin bin Ab Latif ( born 23 January 1986 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Terengganu as a left back ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K.A.A._Gent", "text": "Koninklijke Atletiek Associatie Gent ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈkoːnɪŋkləkə ˌʔɑtləˈtik ˌɑsoːˈʃaː ( t ) si ˈɣɛnt ] , English : Royal Athletic Association Ghent ) , often simply known as Ghent or by their nickname De Buffalo 's ( English : The Buffalos ) , is a Belgian sports club , based in the city of Ghent , East Flanders . Their football team is the best-known section within the club , who have been playing in the Belgian Pro League since the 1989-90 season . They won the national league once , in 2014-15 , in addition to three Belgian Cup victories . Ghent played their home matches in the Jules Ottenstadion in Gentbrugge from 1920 until 2013 , when they moved to the Ghelamco Arena . Their team colours are blue and white . The principal sponsor is the financial institution VDK NV . The field hockey and track and field divisions were founded in 1864 , making it one of the oldest sports clubs in Belgium . The club was then known under its French name La Gantoise ( and it is still referred to as such in the French-speaking part of Belgium ) . They changed their name to the current Dutch version in 1971 . The football division opened in 1900 . The nickname of the club is De Buffalo 's , a term coined after a visit of the original Buffalo Bill and his Wild West circus to the city in the early 20th century . Gent enjoyed its first spell at the highest level in Belgian football between 1913-14 and 1928-29 , and a second one from 1936-37 to 1966-67 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Funk", "text": "Funk is a music genre that originated in African-American communities in the mid-1960s when African-American musicians created a rhythmic , danceable new form of music through a mixture of soul music , psychedelic rock , jazz , and rhythm and blues ( R & B ) . Funk de-emphasizes melody and chord progressions and focuses on a strong rhythmic groove of a bassline played by an electric bassist and a drum part played by a drummer , often at slower tempos than other popular music . Like much of African-inspired music , funk typically consists of a complex groove with rhythm instruments playing interlocking grooves that created a hypnotic and danceable feel . Funk uses the same richly colored extended chords found in bebop jazz , such as minor chords with added sevenths and elevenths , or dominant seventh chords with altered ninths and thirteenths . Funk originated in the mid-1960s , with James Brown 's development of a signature groove that emphasized the downbeat - with heavy emphasis on the first beat of every measure ( The One ) , and the application of swung 16th notes and syncopation on all basslines , drum patterns , and guitar riffs . Other musical groups , including Sly and the Family Stone , The Meters , and Parliament-Funkadelic , soon began to adopt and develop Brown 's innovations . Notable funk women include Chaka Khan , Marva Whitney , Lyn Collins , Brides of Funkenstein , Vicki Anderson , Anna King ( The JB 's singer ) , and Parlet . Funk derivatives include the psychedelic funk of Sly Stone and George Clinton ; the avant-funk of groups such as Talking Heads and the Pop Group ; boogie , a form of post-disco dance music ; electro music , a hybrid of electronic music and funk ; funk metal ( e.g. , Living Colour , Faith No More ) ; G-funk , a mix of gangsta rap and funk ; Timba , a form of funky Cuban popular dance music ; and funk jam . Funk samples and breakbeats have been used extensively in hip hop and various forms of electronic dance music , such as house music , and Detroit techno . It is also the main influence of go-go , a subgenre associated with funk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fred_Norris_(athlete)", "text": "Frederick Fred Norris ( 4 September 1921 - 13 December 2006 ) was a British long-distance runner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PKNS_F.C.", "text": "Football Association of Selangor II ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor II ) , also named Selangor II , is the reserve team of Selangor , and based in Shah Alam , in the state of Selangor . Founded in 1967 as part of the sports and recreation club for the Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ( Malay : Kelab Sukan dan Rekreasi Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ) ( KSR PKNS ) . The club was combined with Football Association of Selangor at end of 2019 as one club and was rebranded as a football club to be known as Selangor II . The team formerly known PKNS FC was then converted into a reserve team as part of the feeder club regulations and will begin the 2020 season as a reserve team of Selangor FA and will play in Premier League , holding home games at Selayang Stadium , with a 16,000-seat capacity . Unlike in England , reserve teams in Malaysia play in the same football pyramid as their first team rather than a separate league . However , reserve teams can not play in the same division as their first team . Therefore , the team is ineligible for promotion to Malaysia Super League , the division in which their parent side competes . Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the cup competitions . The team is officially known as Selangor II on the club 's official promotion and website , but Malaysian Football League , the governing body of Malaysia football League football system rules prohibit reserve teams from having different names than their parent team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olave_Baden-Powell", "text": "Olave St Clair Baden-Powell , Lady Baden-Powell , GBE ( née Soames ; 22 February 1889 - 25 June 1977 ) was the first Chief Guide for Britain and the wife of Robert Baden-Powell , 1st Baron Baden-Powell , the founder of Scouting and Girl Guides . She outlived her husband , who was 32 years her senior , by over 35 years . Lady Baden-Powell became Chief Guide for Britain in 1918 . Later the same year , at the Swanwick conference for Commissioners in October , she was presented with a gold Silver Fish , one of only two ever made . She was elected World Chief Guide in 1930 . As well as making a major contribution to the development of the Guide / Girl Scout movements , she visited 111 countries during her life , attending Jamborees and national Guide and Scout associations . In 1932 , she was created a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire by King George V ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpha_Media", "text": "Alpha Media LLC is a radio broadcasting company based in Portland , Oregon , and led by Bob Proffitt . The group does business under the Alpha Media name . It was formed from the merger of Alpha Broadcasting , L & L Broadcasting , and Main Line Broadcasting on July 1 , 2014 . It owns its radio stations through Alpha Media Licensee , LLC . At its formation , it owned 68 radio stations in 12 markets , along with two theatres ( in Portland and San Antonio ) and a digital marketing firm in Peoria , Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Albania", "text": "The prime minister of Albania ( Albanian : Kryeministri i Shqipërisë ) , officially styled Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania ( Albanian : Kryeministri i Republikës së Shqipërisë ) , is the head of government of the Republic of Albania and as well the most powerful and influential person in Albanian politics . The prime minister holds the executive power of the nation and represents the Council of Ministers and chairs its meetings . The prime minister is appointed by the president of Albania after each general election and must have the confidence of the Parliament of Albania to stay in office . The Council is responsible for carrying out both foreign and domestic policies . It directs and controls the activities of the ministries and other state organs . The prime minister is elected on the basis of universal suffrage , through a secret ballot , for a four-year term . The Constitution of Albania sets no limit as to office terms of the prime minister . The 33rd and current officeholder is Edi Rama of the Socialist Party who was elected on 23 June 2013 and started his first four-year-term on 15 September 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victoriya_Koval", "text": "Viktoriya Oleksandrivna Koval ( Ukrainian : Вікторія Олександрівна Коваль ; born June 11 , 1985 ) is an athlete from Ukraine who competes in archery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Changwon_LG_Sakers", "text": "Changwon LG Sakers are a basketball team located in the city of Changwon in South Gyeongsang Province , South Korea . The team 's main sponsor is LG Electronics which has its offices in Changwon . The professional team was established in the second season of the KBL in 1997 and was named Gyeongnam LG Sakers . The name was changed to the Changwon LG Sakers after the first season . The team plays at the Changwon Gymnasium which has a capacity of approximately 6,000 people . It has led the attendance rankings for the KBL eight seasons out of ten and is the most well-supported team in the country . LG Sakers has yet to win a KBL championship . The closest they came was in the 2000-01 season , when they finished as runners-up , losing to Suwon Samsung Thunders in the finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Louisville", "text": "The University of Louisville ( UofL ) is a public research university in Louisville , Kentucky . It is part of the Kentucky state university system . When founded in 1798 , it was the first city-owned public university in the United States and one of the first universities chartered west of the Allegheny Mountains . The university is mandated by the Kentucky General Assembly to be a Preeminent Metropolitan Research University . The university enrolls students from 118 of 120 Kentucky counties , all 50 U.S. states , and 116 countries around the world . The University of Louisville School of Medicine is touted for the first fully self-contained artificial heart transplant surgery as well as the first successful hand transplantation in the United States . The University Hospital is also credited with the first civilian ambulance , the nation 's first accident services , now known as an emergency department ( ED ) , and one of the first blood banks in the US . Louisville is also known for its Louisville Cardinals athletics programs . Since 2005 , the Cardinals have made appearances in the NCAA Division I men 's basketball Final Four in 2005 , 2012 , and 2013 ( vacated ) , football Bowl Championship Series Orange Bowl in 2007 ( champions ) and Sugar Bowl in 2013 ( champions ) , the College Baseball World Series 2007 , 2013 , 2014 , 2017 and 2019 , the women 's basketball Final Four in 2009 ( runner-up ) , 2013 ( runner-up ) , and 2018 , and the men 's soccer national championship game in 2010 . The Louisville Cardinals Women 's Volleyball program has three-peated as champions of the Big East Tournament ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 ) , and were Atlantic Coast Conference Champions in 2015 and 2017 . Women 's track and field program has won Outdoor Big East titles in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 and an Indoor Big East title in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High_Sheriff_of_Cornwall", "text": "High Sheriffs of Cornwall : a chronological list : Note : The right to choose High Sheriffs each year is vested in the Duchy of Cornwall , rather than the Privy Council , chaired by the Sovereign , which chooses the Sheriffs of all other English counties , other than those in the Duchy of Lancaster . This right came from the Earldom of Cornwall . In the time of Earls Richard and Edmund , the steward or seneschal of Cornwall was often also the sheriff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_Spinks", "text": "Joseph Joe Spinks ( born June 20 , 1972 ) is an American retired basketball player and coach . He played 8 years for ABC Amsterdam in the Netherlands , and was head coach and assistant coach for the team for 2 years . Spink 's nickname was The Bull . In 2010 , he was inducted into the Campbell Sports Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Giamatti", "text": "Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti ( /ˌdʒiːəˈmɑːti/ ; born June 6 , 1967 ) is an American actor and producer . He first garnered attention for his breakout role in Private Parts ( 1997 ) as Kenny Pig Vomit Rushton , which led to him playing more supporting roles such as Sergeant Hill in Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) , Bob Zmuda in Man on the Moon ( 1999 ) , John Maxwell in Big Momma 's House ( 2000 ) , and Marty Wolf in Big Fat Liar ( 2002 ) . He won acclaim for his leading roles as Harvey Pekar in American Splendor ( 2003 ) , Miles Raymond in Sideways ( 2004 ) and Mike Flaherty in Win Win ( 2011 ) while continuing to play supporting roles , like Joe Gould in Cinderella Man ( 2005 ) , which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor , Chief Inspector Uhl in The Illusionist ( 2006 ) , Karl Hertz in Shoot 'Em Up ( 2007 ) , Nicholas Nick Claus in Fred Claus ( 2007 ) , Tom Duffy in The Ides of March ( 2011 ) , Theophilus Freeman in 12 Years a Slave ( 2013 ) , Ralph in Saving Mr. Banks ( 2013 ) , Eugene Landy in Love & Mercy ( 2014 ) , Dr. Lawrence Hayes in San Andreas ( 2015 ) and Jerry Heller in Straight Outta Compton ( 2015 ) . He played the titular character in the HBO miniseries John Adams ( 2008 ) , which earned him a Golden Globe Award , a Primetime Emmy Award and Screen Actors Guild Award . He stars as U.S. Attorney Chuck Rhoades Jr. in the Showtime television series Billions ( 2016-present ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andy_Stirling_(footballer)", "text": "Andy Stirling ( born 5 March 1990 in Paisley , Scotland ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stranraer . Stirling has previously played for Stenhousemuir , East Stirlingshire , Kitsap Pumas , Dunfermline Athletic , Stirling Albion , Dumbarton , Queen of the South and Alloa Athletic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ardisia_japonica", "text": "Ardisia japonica , known as marlberry , is a species of Ardisia native to eastern Asia , in eastern China , Japan and Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulambuli", "text": "Bulambuli is a town in Eastern Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative and commercial center of Bulambuli District . The district is named after the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alberta_Highway_12", "text": "Alberta Provincial Highway No . 12 , commonly referred to as Highway 12 , is an east-west highway through central Alberta . It runs from Highway 22 , through Lacombe and Stettler , to the Alberta-Saskatchewan border . It generally runs parallel to Highway 13 to the north . Highway 12 is about 364 kilometres ( 226 mi ) long ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Somerset", "text": "Somerset ( /ˈsʌmərsɛt/ ( listen ) or locally /ˈzʌmərzɛt/ ; archaically , Somersetshire ) is a county in South West England which borders Gloucestershire and Bristol to the north , Wiltshire to the east , Dorset to the south-east and Devon to the south-west . It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel , its coastline facing southeastern Wales . Its traditional border with Gloucestershire is the River Avon . Somerset 's county town is Taunton . Somerset is a rural county of rolling hills , the Blackdown Hills , Mendip Hills , Quantock Hills and Exmoor National Park , and large flat expanses of land including the Somerset Levels . There is evidence of human occupation from Paleolithic times , and of subsequent settlement by the Celts , Romans and Anglo-Saxons . The county played a significant part in Alfred the Great 's rise to power , and later the English Civil War and the Monmouth Rebellion . The city of Bath is famous for its Georgian architecture and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terrace,_British_Columbia", "text": "Terrace is a city located near the Skeena River in British Columbia , Canada . The community is the regional retail and service hub for the northwestern portion of British Columbia . With a current population of over 12,000 within municipal boundaries , the city services surrounding communities as well bringing the Greater Terrace Area population to over 18,000 residents . The Kitselas and Kitsumkalum people , tribes of the Tsimshian Nation , have lived in the Terrace area for thousands of years . The individual Indigenous communities neighbour the city with Kitselas to the east and Kitsumkalum to the west . As northwest British Columbia 's main services and transportation hub , Terrace is intersected by the Canadian National Railway as well as Highway 16 ( running east to west ) and Highway 37 South . Air services are provided at Northwest Regional Airport , with connections to Prince George , Smithers and Vancouver . The Terrace railway station is served by Via Rail 's Jasper - Prince Rupert train . Health care in Terrace is administered by Northern Health and provided in part by Mills Memorial Hospital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torrey_Butler", "text": "Torrey Butler ( born October 25 , 1980 ) is an American expatriate professional basketball player . He has played in Ireland and currently plays in Austria . Butler played college basketball at Coastal Carolina University and was named the Big South Conference Men 's Basketball Player of the Year twice , in 2001 and 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottsdale,_Arizona", "text": "Scottsdale is a city in the eastern part of Maricopa County , Arizona , United States , part of the Greater Phoenix Area . Named Scottsdale in 1894 after its founder Winfield Scott , a retired U.S. Army chaplain , the city was incorporated in 1951 with a population of 2,000 . The 2018 population of the city was estimated to be 255,310 according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as a desert version of Miami 's South Beach and as having plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene . Its slogan is The West 's Most Western Town . Scottsdale , 31 miles long and 11.4 miles wide at its widest point , shares boundaries with many other municipalities and entities . On the west , Scottsdale is bordered by Phoenix , Paradise Valley and unincorporated Maricopa County land . Carefree is located along the western boundary , as well as sharing Scottsdale 's northern boundary with the Tonto National Forest . To the south Scottsdale is bordered by Tempe . The southern boundary is also occupied by the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community , which extends along the eastern boundary , which also borders Fountain Hills , the McDowell Mountain Regional Park and more unincorporated Maricopa County land ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gozzano,_Italy", "text": "Gozzano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Novara . Gozzano borders the following municipalities : Bolzano Novarese , Borgomanero , Briga Novarese , Gargallo , Invorio , Orta San Giulio , Pogno , San Maurizio d'Opaglio , and Soriso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lawlor_Events_Center", "text": "Lawlor Events Center is an 11,536-seat multi-purpose arena in Reno , Nevada located at the intersection of North Virginia Street and 15th Street on the University of Nevada , Reno campus . It is named after former basketball coach Jake Lawlor . It was built in 1983 and is home to the Nevada Wolf Pack basketball team . As the largest venue in Northern Nevada , the Lawlor Events Center also hosts boxing , concerts , conferences , PBR events , rodeos , WWE and other entertainment events . It is also the host for Washoe County School District high school graduations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hurtigruten", "text": "Hurtigruten ( Express Route , formally The coastal route Bergen-Kirkenes ) is a Norwegian public coastal route transporting passengers that travel locally , regionally and between the ports of call , and also cargo between ports north of Tromsø . Hurtigruten provides daily , year-round and consistent traffic between Bergen and Kirkenes with 34 ports of call on northbound and 33 ports of call on southbound sailings . The Ministry of Transport and Communications in Norway has set minimum capacity requirements of 320 passengers , 120 berths and cargo for 150 Euro-pallets . The current agreement with the privately held company Hurtigruten AS entered into force on 1 January 2012 and expired on 31 December 2019 , with an optional 1-year extension . From 2021 the two companies Hurtigruten AS and Havila Kystruten AS will operate the route ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Bears", "text": "The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team based in Chicago , Illinois . The Bears compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) North division . The Bears have won nine NFL Championships , including one Super Bowl , and hold the NFL record for the most enshrinees in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and the most retired jersey numbers . The Bears have also recorded more victories than any other NFL franchise . The franchise was founded in Decatur , Illinois , on September 17 , 1920 , and moved to Chicago in 1921 . It is one of only two remaining franchises from the NFL 's founding in 1920 , along with the Arizona Cardinals , which was originally also in Chicago . The team played home games at Wrigley Field on Chicago 's North Side through the 1970 season ; they now play at Soldier Field on the Near South Side , next to Lake Michigan . The Bears have a long-standing rivalry with the Green Bay Packers . The team headquarters , Halas Hall , is in the Chicago suburb of Lake Forest , Illinois . The Bears practice at adjoining facilities there during the season , and began hosting Training Camp at Halas Hall in 2020 after major renovations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balao", "text": "Balao is a town located in southern Guayas , Ecuador , near Azuay and El Oro provinces . It is the seat of Balao Canton , created in 1987 . As of the census of 2001 , there are 17,262 people residing within canton limits . The city is communicated with Guayaquil and Machala . It has an airstrip . The city and the canton take their name from a tree . The most important rivers are : the Balao River , the Jagua River , and the Gala River . The main crops are : banana , cacao , rice , maize , cassava , tomato , coffee , and tropical fruits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1976 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 4-6 , 1976 at Moody Coliseum in Dallas , TX . The first round took place on February 28 at the higher seeded campus sites . Number 2 seed Texas Tech defeated 1 seed Texas A & M 74-72 to win their 1st championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1976 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heracles_Almelo", "text": "Heracles Almelo is a Dutch professional football club based in Almelo , founded in 1903 . The club has won the Dutch national title twice , in 1927 and 1941 . In the 2004-05 season , Heracles won the title in the Eerste Divisie , so that during the 2005-06 season , Heracles played in the Eredivisie , where they finished 13th . The average attendance in 2004-05 was 5,700 people . In the recent top flight seasons , this has risen to just over 13,500 . Their main rival is FC Twente . In 2012 Heracles competed in its first Dutch cup final , which it lost to PSV in the Rotterdam Stadium De Kuip ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanna_Gabriel", "text": "Hanna Gabriel Valle ( born 14 January 1983 ) , known as Hanna Gabriel , is a Costa Rican professional boxer and two-weight world champion . She has held the WBA super welterweight title since 2016 . Previously , she held the WBO welterweight title in 2009 and the WBO junior middleweight title twice between 2010 and 2018 . Gabriel is the daughter of Yolanda Valle Moreno and Lesslie Gabriel Binns , a promising boxer who qualified for the Olympic Games in Moscow 1980 , but was unable to attend . She has one brother , Windell , who played football in the Costa Rican Primera División ."}
{"title": "/wiki/States_of_Brazil", "text": "The federative units of Brazil ( Portuguese : unidades federativas do Brasil ) are subnational entities with a certain degree of autonomy ( self-government , self-regulation and self-collection ) and endowed with their own government and constitution , which together form the Federative Republic of Brazil . There are 26 states ( estados ) and one federal district ( distrito federal ) . The states are generally based on historical , conventional borders which have developed over time . The states are divided into municipalities , while the Federal District assumes the competences of both a state and a municipality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long_Beach,_California", "text": "Long Beach is a city in the US state of California located within the Los Angeles metropolitan area . It is the 39th most populous city in the United States with a population of 462,257 in 2010 . A charter city , Long Beach is the 7th most populous city in California . Incorporated in 1897 , Long Beach lies in Southern California in the southeastern corner of Los Angeles County . Long Beach is approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) south of downtown Los Angeles , and is part of the Gateway Cities region . The Port of Long Beach is the second busiest container port in the United States and is among the world 's largest shipping ports . The city is over an oilfield with minor wells both directly beneath the city as well as offshore . The city is known for its waterfront attractions , including the permanently docked RMS Queen Mary and the Aquarium of the Pacific . Long Beach also hosts the Grand Prix of Long Beach , currently an IndyCar race . The California State University , Long Beach , one of the largest universities in California by enrollment , is located in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brussels", "text": "Brussels ( French : Bruxelles [ bʁysɛl ] ( listen ) or [ bʁyksɛl ] ; Dutch : Brussel [ ˈbrʏsəl ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Brussels-Capital Region ( French : Région de Bruxelles-Capitale ; [ a ] Dutch : Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest ) , [ b ] is a region of Belgium comprising 19 municipalities , including the City of Brussels , which is the capital of Belgium . The Brussels-Capital Region is located in the central portion of the country and is a part of both the French Community of Belgium and the Flemish Community , but is separate from the Flemish Region ( which forms an enclave ) and the Walloon Region . Brussels is the most densely populated and the richest region in Belgium in terms of GDP per capita . It covers 162 km2 ( 63 sq mi ) , a relatively small area compared to the two other regions , and has a population of over 1.2 million . The metropolitan area of Brussels comprises over 2.5 million people , which makes it the largest in Belgium . It is also part of a large conurbation extending towards Ghent , Antwerp , Leuven and Walloon Brabant , home to over 5 million people . Brussels grew from a small rural settlement on the river Senne to become an important city-region in Europe . Since the end of the Second World War , it has been a major centre for international politics and home to numerous international organisations , politicians , diplomats and civil servants . Brussels is the de facto capital of the European Union , as it hosts a number of principal EU institutions , including its administrative-legislative , executive-political , and legislative branches ( though the judicial branch is located in Luxembourg , and the European Parliament meets for a minority of the year in Strasbourg ) [ c ] . Its name is sometimes used metonymically to describe the EU and its institutions . The secretariat of the Benelux and headquarters of NATO are also located in Brussels . As the economic capital of Belgium and one of the top financial centres of Western Europe with Euronext Brussels , it is classified as an Alpha global city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Hina", "text": "Love Hina ( Japanese : ラブ ひな , Hepburn : Rabu Hina ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu . It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 21 , 1998 to October 31 , 2001 , with the chapters collected into 14 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha . The series tells the story of Keitarō Urashima and his attempts to find the girl with whom he made a childhood promise to enter the University of Tokyo . The manga was licensed for an English-language release in North America and the United Kingdom by Tokyopop , in Australia by Madman Entertainment , and in Singapore by Chuang Yi . Two novelizations of Love Hina , written by two anime series screenwriters , were also released in Japan by Kodansha . Both novels were later released in North America and the United Kingdom by Tokyopop . A twenty-four episode anime adaptation of the manga series , produced by Xebec , aired in Japan from April 19 , 2000 , to September 27 , 2000 . It was followed by a bonus DVD episode , Christmas and Spring television specials , and a three episode original video animation ( OVA ) entitled Love Hina Again . The anime series , special , and OVA were licensed for release in North America by Bandai Entertainment . In July 2007 , the license was acquired by Funimation , who released a boxset of the television series in February 2009 . The series is also licensed in Australia by Madman Entertainment and in the United Kingdom by MVM Films . The series has proved extremely popular around the world , both commercially and critically ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fresno_State", "text": "California State University , Fresno ( Fresno State ) is a public university in Fresno , California . It is one of 23 campuses in the California State University system . The university had a Fall 2018 enrollment of 24,995 students . It offers bachelor 's degrees in 60 areas of study , 45 master 's degrees , 3 doctoral degrees , 12 certificates of advanced study , and 2 different teaching credentials . The university 's unique facilities include an on-campus planetarium , on-campus raisin and wine grape vineyards , and a commercial winery , where student-made wines have won over 300 awards since 1997 . Members of Fresno State 's nationally ranked Top 10 Equestrian Team have the option of housing their horses on campus , next to indoor and outdoor arenas . Fresno State has a 50,000-square-foot ( 4,600 m2 ) Student Recreation Center and the third-largest library ( by square footage ) in the California State University system . The university is classified as a doctoral university with moderate research activity in the Carnegie Classification , as of the February 1 , 2016 update ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Tod", "text": "John Tod ( 1779 - March 27 , 1830 ) was an American judge and politician who served as a Democratic-Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania 's 8th congressional district from 1821 to 1823 and for Pennsylvania 's 13th congressional district from 1823 to 1824 . He served as a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 14th district from 1815 to 1818 including as Speaker from 1815 to 1816 and as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1810 to 1813 including two terms as Speaker . He served as presiding judge of the Pennsylvania Courts of Common Pleas for the 16th district from 1824 to 1827 and as an associate judge of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court from 1827 until his death in 1830 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Centerville,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Centerville is a borough in Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States . The population was 3,263 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sparrows_Point,_Maryland", "text": "Sparrow 's Point is an unincorporated community in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States , adjacent to Dundalk . Named after Thomas Sparrow , landowner , it was the site of a very large industrial complex owned by Bethlehem Steel , known for steelmaking and shipbuilding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bamban,_Tarlac", "text": "Bamban , officially the Municipality of Bamban , is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Tarlac , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 69,466 people . The municipality of Bamban is the southernmost gateway of the melting pot province of Tarlac in the Central Plain of Luzon in the Philippines . Being the southernmost town in the province , it has a common boundary with Mabalacat , Pampanga , and in the west , with Zambales . The boundary is defined by the Parua River , which is a source of irrigation water , food , and sand and gravel for infrastructure projects . The mountainous region situated in the western part comprises almost two-thirds of the total land area , which used to be within the US Military Reservations . Nestled in this part are the BLISS projects and to the north , the MAR settlement project , which when completely developed will be a source of livelihood and food supplies for Central Luzon . Bamban is 99 kilometres ( 62 mi ) from Manila and is 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from the provincial capital , Tarlac City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meric_Gertler", "text": "Meric S. Gertler , CM FRSC MCIP FAcSS FBA is a Canadian academic and President of the University of Toronto , He was the Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Science at the same university until October 31 , 2013 . Gertler is an urban theorist and received his PhD from Harvard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lucy_Lawless", "text": "Lucille Frances Lawless , MNZM ( née Ryan ; born 29 March 1968 ) , is a New Zealand actress and singer . She portrayed the title character in television series Xena : Warrior Princess ( 1995-2001 ) ; cylon model Number Three D'Anna Biers on the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica series ( 2005-2009 ) ; and Lucretia in the television series Spartacus : Blood and Sand ( 2010 ) , its prequel Spartacus : Gods of the Arena ( 2011 ) , and its sequel Spartacus : Vengeance ( 2012 ) . Lawless had recurring roles as Diane Lewis-Swanson on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation ( 2012-2015 ) , and as Countess Palatine Ingrid Von Marburg on the WGN America supernatural series Salem ( 2015 ) . She also starred as Ruby on the Starz horror-comedy series Ash vs Evil Dead ( 2015-2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Courtland,_Kansas", "text": "Courtland is a city in Republic County , Kansas , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 285 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burglary", "text": "Burglary , also called breaking and entering and sometimes housebreaking , is an unlawful entry into a building or other location for the purposes of committing an offence . Usually that offence is theft , but most jurisdictions include others within the ambit of burglary . To engage in the act of burglary is to burgle , a term back-formed from the word burglar , or to burglarize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Badminton_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Mixed_team", "text": "The mixed team event of badminton at the 2010 Commonwealth Games was held from 4 October to 8 October 2010 in Siri Fort Sports Complex , New Delhi , India where 20 teams competed in the competition . Defending champions , Malaysia , won the gold medal for the second time in a row . They repeated this victory four years later at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow . India took their first silver in the mixed team event and England settled for bronze ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giancarlo_Fisichella", "text": "Giancarlo Fisichella ( Italian pronunciation : [ dʒaŋˈkarlo fiziˈkɛlla ] ; born 14 January 1973 ) , also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi , is an Italian professional racing driver . He has driven in Formula One for Minardi , Jordan , Benetton , Sauber , Renault , Force India and Ferrari . Since then he has driven for AF Corse in their Ferrari 458 GTE at various sportscar events , becoming twice a Le Mans 24 Hour class winner , and a GT class winner of the Petit Le Mans at Road Atlanta . He was also Ferrari 's F1 reserve driver for 2010 . Fisichella won three races in his Formula One career , the first of which was at the chaotic 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix , a race abandoned for safety reasons with 15 laps remaining . After several days of confusion regarding rules and technicalities , Fisichella was eventually declared the winner in the following week , and collected his trophy in an unofficial ceremony at the following race . He was brought into the Renault team to replace fellow Italian Jarno Trulli , and won his first race with the team in Australia in 2005 . However , after that race it was his teammate , the Spanish driver Fernando Alonso , that would win the greater share of races for Renault . Although highly rated as a driver , Fisichella was unable to keep pace with eventual champion Alonso , managing just one further race win following his debut . Outside of driving , he has backed his own GP2 team , FMS International . On 17 June 2012 Fisichella won the GTE Pro division of the Le Mans 24hrs for AF Corse and followed this up with the Manufacturers ' title in the WEC at the end of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shenzhen", "text": "Shenzhen ( /ˈʃɛnˈdʒɛn/ ; Chinese : 深圳 ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ ʂə́n.ʈʂə̂n ] ( listen ) ) is a major sub-provincial city located on the east bank of the Pearl River estuary on the central coast of southern Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China . It forms part of the Pearl River Delta megalopolis , bordering Hong Kong across the Sham Chun River to the south , Huizhou to the northeast and Dongguan to the northwest , and shares maritime boundaries with Guangzhou , Zhongshan and Zhuhai to the west and southwest across the estuary . Shenzhen 's cityscape results from its vibrant economy - made possible by rapid foreign investment following the institution of the policy of reform and opening-up in 1979 . The city is a leading global technology hub , dubbed by media as the next Silicon Valley and China 's Silicon Valley . It was one of the fastest-growing cities in the world in the 1990s and the 2000s , and has been ranked second on the list top 10 cities to visit in 2019 by Lonely Planet . Shenzhen , which roughly follows the administrative boundaries of Bao'an County , officially became a city in 1979 , taking its name from the former county town , whose train station was the last stop on the Mainland Chinese section of the railway between Canton and Kowloon . In 1980 , Shenzhen was established as China 's first special economic zone . Shenzhen 's registered population as of 2017 [ update ] was estimated at 12,905,000 . However , local police and authorities estimate the actual population to be about 20 million , due to large populations of short-term residents , [ a ] unregistered floating migrants , part-time residents , commuters , visitors , as well as other temporary residents . Shenzhen hosts the Shenzhen Stock Exchange as well as the headquarters of numerous multinational companies such as JXD , Vanke , Hytera , CIMC , SF Express , Shenzhen Airlines , Nepstar , Hasee , Ping An Bank , Ping An Insurance , China Merchants Bank , Tencent , ZTE , Huawei , DJI and BYD . Shenzhen ranks 14th in the 2019 Global Financial Centres Index . It has the third busiest container port in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catalan_language", "text": "Catalan ( /ˈkætəlæn , -ən , ˌkætəˈlæn/ ; autonym : català ; Eastern Catalan : [ kətəˈla ] ) is a Western Romance language derived from Vulgar Latin and named after the medieval Principality of Catalonia , in northeastern modern Spain . It is the only official language of Andorra , and a co-official language of the Spanish autonomous communities of Catalonia , the Balearic Islands and Valencia ( where the language is known as Valencian ) . It also has semi-official status in the Italian comune of Alghero . It is also spoken in the eastern strip of Aragon , in some villages of the region of Murcia called Carche and in the Pyrénées-Orientales department of France . These territories are often called Països Catalans or Catalan Countries . Catalan evolved from Vulgar Latin in the Middle Ages around the eastern Pyrenees . 19th-century Spain saw a Catalan literary revival , culminating in the early 1900s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sberbank", "text": "PJSC Sberbank ( Russian : Сбербанк , initially a contraction of сберегательный банк - sberegatelnyy bank ; English : savings bank ) is a state-owned Russian banking and financial services company headquartered in Moscow . The company was known as Sberbank of Russia until 2015 . Sberbank has operations in several European and post-Soviet countries . As of 2014 [ update ] it was the largest bank in Russia and Eastern Europe , and the third largest in Europe , ranked 33rd in the world and first in central and Eastern Europe in The Banker 's Top 1000 World Banks ranking ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newcastle_Knights", "text": "The Newcastle Knights are an Australian professional rugby league club based in Newcastle , New South Wales . They compete in Australasia 's premier rugby league competition , the National Rugby League ( NRL ) premiership . Playing in red and blue , the Knights joined the top tier competition in 1988 , 79 years after the previous Newcastle based team , the Newcastle Rebels had departed the Sydney competition with the formation of a separate league competition based in the Newcastle region . The club has won two premierships over its history ( 1997 and 2001 ) and is one of only two clubs ( the other being the Wests Tigers ) that has never lost a grand final in which it has participated . It has also produced such players as Paul Harragon , Robbie O'Davis , Danny Buderus and rugby league Immortal Andrew Johns . The team 's home ground is McDonald Jones Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atbara", "text": "Atbara ( sometimes Atbarah ) ( Arabic : عطبرة ʿAṭbarah ) is a city of 111,399 ( 2007 ) located in River Nile State in northeastern Sudan . Because of its links to the railway industry , Atbara is also known as the Railway City ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hertha_BSC", "text": "Hertha , Berliner Sport-Club e.V. , commonly known as Hertha BSC ( German pronunciation : [ ˈhɛʁtaː beː ʔɛs t͡seː ] ) , and sometimes referred to as Hertha Berlin , Hertha BSC Berlin , or simply Hertha , is a German professional football club based in the Charlottenburg locality of Berlin . Hertha BSC plays in the Bundesliga , the top tier of German football , Hertha BSC was founded in 1892 , and was a founding member of the German Football Association in Leipzig in 1900 . The team won the German championship in 1930 and 1931 . Since 1963 , Hertha 's stadium has been the Olympiastadion . The club is known as Die Alte Dame in German , which translates to The Old Lady . In 2002 , the sports activities of the professional , amateur , and under-19 teams were separated into Hertha BSC GmbH & Co. KGaA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ontario", "text": "Ontario is one of the thirteen provinces and territories of Canada . Located in Central Canada , it is Canada 's most populous province , with 38.3 percent of the country 's population , and is the second-largest province in total area . Ontario is fourth-largest jurisdiction in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included . It is home to the nation 's capital city , Ottawa , and the nation 's most populous city , Toronto , which is also Ontario 's provincial capital . Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west , Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north , and Quebec to the east and northeast , and to the south by the U.S. states of ( from west to east ) Minnesota , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and New York . Almost all of Ontario 's 2,700 km ( 1,678 mi ) border with the United States follows inland waterways : from the westerly Lake of the Woods , eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system . These include Rainy River , Pigeon River , Lake Superior , St. Marys River , Lake Huron , St. Clair River , Lake St. Clair , Detroit River , Lake Erie , Niagara River , Lake Ontario and the St. Lawrence River from Kingston , Ontario , to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall , Ontario . There is only about 1 km ( 0.6 mi ) of land border , made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border . Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions , Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario . The great majority of Ontario 's population and arable land is in the south . In contrast , the larger , northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Florida", "text": "The University of Florida ( Florida or UF ) is a public land-grant , sea-grant , and space-grant research university in Gainesville , Florida . It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida and traces its origins to 1853 and has operated continuously on its Gainesville campus since September 1906 . The University of Florida is the only member of the Association of American Universities in Florida . The university is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . After the Florida state legislature 's creation of performance standards in 2013 , the Florida Board of Governors designated the University of Florida as one of the three preeminent universities among the twelve universities of the State University System of Florida . For 2020 , U.S. News & World Report ranked Florida as the seventh ( tied ) best public university in the United States . The university is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools ( SACS ) . It is the third largest Florida university by student population , and is the eighth largest single-campus university in the United States with 54,906 students enrolled for the fall 2018 semester . The University of Florida is home to 16 academic colleges and more than 150 research centers and institutes . It offers multiple graduate professional programs - including business administration , engineering , law , dentistry , medicine , pharmacy and veterinary medicine - on one contiguous campus , and administers 123 master 's degree programs and 76 doctoral degree programs in eighty-seven schools and departments . The university 's seal is also the seal of the state of Florida , which is on the state flag . The University of Florida 's intercollegiate sports teams , commonly known as the Florida Gators , compete in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I and the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ghaziabad,_Uttar_Pradesh", "text": "Ghaziabad ( Hindi pronunciation : [ ɣaːziːaːbaːd̪ ] ) is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and a part of the National Capital Region of Delhi . It is the administrative headquarters of Ghaziabad district and is the largest city in western Uttar Pradesh , with a population of 2,358,525 . Well connected by roads and railways , it is a major rail junction for North India . It is sometimes referred to as the Gateway of Uttar Pradesh because it is close to New Delhi , on the main route into Uttar Pradesh . Recent construction works have led to the city being described by a City Mayors Foundation survey as the second fastest-growing in the world . Situated in the Upper Gangetic Plains , the city has two major divisions separated by the Hindon River , namely Trans-Hindon on the west and Cis-Hindon on the east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kronoberg", "text": "Kronoberg County ( IPA : [ ˈkrûːnʊˌbærj ] ; Swedish : Kronobergs län ) is a county or län in southern Sweden . It borders the counties of Skåne , Halland , Jönköping , Kalmar , and Blekinge . Its capital is the city of Växjö ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Q1_(building)", "text": "Q1 Tower ( an abbreviation of Queensland Number One ) is a 322.5-metre ( 1,058 ft ) skyscraper in Surfers Paradise , Queensland , Australia . The residential tower on the Gold Coast lost its title as the world 's tallest residential building to the 337-metre ( 1,106 ft ) The Marina Torch in Dubai on 29 April 2011 . It is now the sixth-tallest residential tower in the world and is the tallest building in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere , and the second-tallest free-standing structure in the Southern Hemisphere , behind the Sky Tower in Auckland , New Zealand . The Q1 officially opened in November 2005 . The landmark building was recognised as one of Queensland 's icons during the state 's 150th-birthday celebrations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minginish", "text": "Minginish ( Scottish Gaelic : Minginis ) is a peninsula on the island of Skye in Scotland . It is situated in south central Skye , between Loch Scavaig and Glen Drynoch in the west and Loch Harport and Glen Sligachan in the south and east . It includes most of the peaks of the Cuillin hills including Sgurr Alasdair , the highest point on the island at 992 metres ( 3,255 ft ) . The island of Soay lies offshore across the Soay Sound , with the Small Isles further south across the Cuillin Sound . Much of the interior is uninhabited and the terrain is a series of hills and mountains dissected by steep-sided valleys such as Glen Brittle and Glen Eynort . To the east , Loch Coruisk , which has been painted by William Daniell and J.M.W . Turner amongst others and visited by Walter Scott . is only accessible by boat or on foot via a track from Sligachan . There are a number of small settlements in Minginish , principally along the south coast of Loch Harport , including Carbost , Drynoch and Fiskavaig . Eynort and Talisker are further south . Crofting is a mainstay of the economy and Talisker whisky is distilled in Carbost . The Gaelic name Minginis means main headland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniela_Poggi", "text": "Daniela Poggi ( born October 17 , 1954 ) is an Italian film and stage actress and television presenter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dmitri_Karbonenko", "text": "Dimitri Karbanenko ( born ( 1973-07-19 ) 19 July 1973 ) is a former soviet , French male artistic gymnast , representing his nation at international competitions . He participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics , 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics . He also competed at world championships , including the 2003 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships , 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships and 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships"}
{"title": "/wiki/Oscar_Beregi_(actor,_born_1918)", "text": "Oscar Beregi Jr. ( May 12 , 1918 - November 1 , 1976 ) was a Hungarian-born film and television actor . He was the son of actor Oscar Beregi Sr. and often was billed simply as Oscar Beregi . Beregi was most famous for his roles in The Twilight Zone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barbie_Fashion_Designer", "text": "Barbie Fashion Designer is a dress-up computer game developed by Digital Domain and published by Mattel Media for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS in 1996 . The game allows players to design clothing and style outfits . Players can then print off their designs and create clothing for their real-world Barbie dolls . Barbie Fashion Designer was the first commercially successful video game made for girls . After its success , many other girl games would be made , leading to the girls ' games movement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajko_Magic", "text": "Rajko Magić ( Croatian pronunciation : [ rǎːjko mǎːɡitɕ ] ; born February 3 , 1955 in Čakovec ) is a Croatian football manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belarus", "text": "Belarus ( /bɛləˈruːs/ ; Belarusian : Беларусь , IPA : [ bʲɛlaˈrusʲ ] ) , officially the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : Рэспубліка Беларусь , Russian : Республика Беларусь ) , formerly known by its Russian name Byelorussia or Belorussia ( Russian : Белоруссия ) , is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast , Ukraine to the south , Poland to the west , and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest . Its capital and most populous city is Minsk . Over 40% of its 207,600 square kilometres ( 80,200 sq mi ) is forested . Its major economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing . Until the 20th century , different states at various times controlled the lands of modern-day Belarus , including the Principality of Polotsk ( 11th to 14th centuries ) , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and the Russian Empire . In the aftermath of the 1917 Russian Revolution , Belarus declared independence as the Belarusian People 's Republic , which was conquered by Soviet Russia . The Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union in 1922 and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Byelorussian SSR ) . Belarus lost almost half of its territory to Poland after the Polish-Soviet War of 1919-1921 . Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 , when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were reintegrated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland , and were finalized after World War II . During WWII , military operations devastated Belarus , which lost about a quarter of its population and half of its economic resources . The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years . In 1945 the Byelorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations , along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/England_women's_national_under-17_football_team", "text": "The England women 's national under-17 football team , also known as the Young Lionesses , represents England in association football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Football Association , the governing body for football in England . England women 's national under-17 football team best achievement is a third-place finish at the 2016 UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mountaineer_Field_(1924)", "text": "Mountaineer Field , known as the Jewel of the Mountains , was a football stadium located in downtown Morgantown , West Virginia . It was the home of the West Virginia Mountaineers football team . The stadium , which cost approximately $ 740,000 to build , was located down the hill from Woodburn Hall , and bordered by Campus Drive to the north , University Avenue to the east , Woodburn and Chitwood Halls to the south , and eventually Beechurst Avenue on the west . It was built into the natural valley of the area , and was a square-cornered horseshoe . The stadium opened on September 27 , 1924 with a 21-6 win against West Virginia Wesleyan College . It held 38,000 by the time it closed , after a 24-17 loss in the 1979 Backyard Brawl to archrival Pitt . Due to the cramped location , it could not be expanded , and infrastructure could not be improved . Thus , in 1980 , a new Mountaineer Field was opened on the site of the Morgantown Country Club to the north of the Downtown ( main ) campus , on what has become the Health Sciences campus . The historic stadium was razed in 1987 . The Life Sciences building inhabits the area of the north stands , and the Business and Economics building inhabits the south . Where the playing field was located is still open as a field between the two buildings . At the southwestern corner , there is a horseshoe-shaped monument to the stadium that was erected in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampa_Bay_Rays", "text": "The Tampa Bay Rays are an American professional baseball team based in St. Petersburg , Florida . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) East division . Since its inception , the team 's home venue has been Tropicana Field . Following nearly three decades of unsuccessfully trying to gain an expansion franchise or enticing existing teams to relocate to the Tampa Bay Area , an ownership group led by Vince Naimoli was approved on March 9 , 1995 . The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in the 1998 Major League Baseball season . Their first decade of play , however , was marked by futility ; they finished in last place in the AL East in all but the 2004 season , when they finished second to last . Following the 2007 season , Stuart Sternberg , who had purchased controlling interest in the team from Vince Naimoli two years earlier , changed the team 's name from Devil Rays to Rays , now meant to primarily refer to a burst of sunshine rather than a manta ray , though a manta ray logo remains on the uniform sleeves . The 2008 season saw the Tampa Bay Rays post their first winning season , their first AL East championship , and their first pennant ( defeating the rival Boston Red Sox in the ALCS ) , though they lost to the Philadelphia Phillies in that year 's World Series . Since then , the Rays have played in the postseason in 2010 , 2011 , 2013 , and 2019 . The Tampa Bay Rays ' chief rivals are the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees . Regarding the former , there have been several notable on-field incidents . The Rays also have an intrastate interleague rivalry with the National League ( NL ) 's Miami Marlins ( originally the Florida Marlins ) , whom they play in the Citrus Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Champaign-Urbana_Mass_Transit_District", "text": "The Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District is a mass transit system that is part of the Champaign-Urbana metropolitan area in which property taxes are levied to support a local transit system operating buses and the Illinois Terminal intermodal facility in downtown Champaign . Known locally as MTD , the term also applies to the Board of Trustees or to the administration and operations supported both by these taxes as well as other revenues , such as bus fares . At the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , which lies within the District , all 42,883 students pay a $ 59 transportation fee every semester in 2014-2015 in exchange for unlimited use of the bus services . The District currently levies about 28 cents of property taxes per $ 100 of assessed valuation . The seven members of the Board of Trustees are appointed by the Champaign County Board . Buses are produced by the Canadian company New Flyer and the American company Gillig . MTD introduced hybrid buses to its fleet in Fall 2009 , and currently the vast majority of its buses are hybrid . Minibuses used for paratransit service , SafeRides service , and ( occasionally ) fixed route service , are cutaway vans with a Ford E series chassis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Captain_(association_football)", "text": "The team captain of an association football team , sometimes known as the skipper , is a team member chosen to be the on-pitch leader of the team ; it is often one of the older/or more experienced members of the squad , or a player that can heavily influence a game or have good leadership qualities . The team captain is usually identified by the wearing of an armband ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-47", "text": "STS-47 was the 50th Space Shuttle mission of the program , as well as the second mission of Space Shuttle Endeavour . The mission mainly involved conducting experiments in life and material sciences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amida_Nyorai", "text": "Amitābha ( Sanskrit pronunciation : [ ɐmɪˈtaːbʱɐ ] ) , also known as Amida or Amitāyus , is a celestial buddha according to the scriptures of Mahayana Buddhism . Amitābha is the principal buddha in Pure Land Buddhism , a branch of East Asian Buddhism . In Vajrayana Buddhism , Amitābha is known for his longevity attribute , magnetising red fire element , the aggregate of discernment , pure perception and the deep awareness of emptiness of phenomena . According to these scriptures , Amitābha possesses infinite merit resulting from good deeds over countless past lives as a bodhisattva named Dharmakāra . Amitābha means Infinite Light , and Amitāyus means Infinite Life so Amitābha is also called The Buddha of Immeasurable Light and Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USD", "text": "The United States dollar ( sign : $ ; code : USD ; also abbreviated US $ and referred to as the dollar , U.S. dollar , or American dollar ) is the official currency of the United States and its territories per the Coinage Act of 1792 . One dollar is divided into 100 cents ( Symbol : ¢ ) or 1000 mills ( for accounting purposes and for taxing . Symbol : ₥ ) . The Coinage Act of 1792 created a decimal currency by creating the following coins : tenth dollar , one-twentieth dollar , one-hundredth dollar . In addition the act created the dollar , half dollar , and quarter dollar coins . All of these coins are still minted in 2020 . In addition , several forms of paper money were introduced by Congress over the years . The latest of these , the Federal Reserve Note , was authorized by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , while all existing U.S. currency remains legal tender . Issuance of the previous form of the currency ( U.S. notes ) was discontinued in January 1971 . As a result , currently circulating paper money consists primarily of Federal Reserve Notes that are denominated in United States dollars ( 12 U.S.C . § 418 ) . Since the suspension in 1971 of convertibility of paper U.S. currency into any precious metal , the U.S. dollar is de facto fiat money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BC_Nokia", "text": "BC Nokia is a professional basketball club based in Nokia , Finland . The team currently plays in the top level Korisliiga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Semi-Charmed_Life", "text": "Semi-Charmed Life is a song by American alternative rock band Third Eye Blind , written by lead vocalist and guitarist Stephan Jenkins . The song was released on May 10 , 1997 , as the lead single from the band 's self-titled debut album . Semi-Charmed Life was a major hit , reaching number 4 on the US Hot 100 , number 1 on the Modern Rock Tracks in the US , number 2 in Canada , and making the Top 40 in the UK . VH1 named the song the 34th best of the 1990s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thornton_Wilder", "text": "Thornton Niven Wilder ( April 17 , 1897 - December 7 , 1975 ) was an American playwright and novelist . He won three Pulitzer Prizes - for the novel The Bridge of San Luis Rey , and for the plays Our Town and The Skin of Our Teeth - and a U.S. National Book Award for the novel The Eighth Day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martín_Morel", "text": "Martín Gerardo Morel ( born 5 November 1980 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louisville_Cardinals_baseball", "text": "The Louisville Cardinals baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball program of the University of Louisville , located in Louisville , Kentucky . The program was a member of the NCAA Division I American Athletic Conference for the 2014 season and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in July 2014 . The Cardinals have played at Jim Patterson Stadium since the venue opened during the 2005 season . Dan McDonnell has been the program 's head coach since the start of the 2007 season . As of the end of the 2017 season , the program has appeared in thirteen NCAA Tournaments and five College World Series . In conference postseason play , it has won two Big East Conference Baseball Tournaments . In regular season play , it has won two Metro Conference titles , four Big East Conference titles , one American Athletic Conference title , and four Atlantic Coast Conference titles . Louisville also set the ACC record for most conference wins in a season with 25 during the 2015 season . As of July 20 , 2019 , nineteen former Cardinals have appeared in Major League Baseball . Seven former Cardinals have appeared in MLB games during the 2019 season : Nick Burdi , Adam Engel , Chad Green , Matt Koch , Brendan McKay , Josh Rogers , and Will Smith ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manuha_Temple", "text": "Manuha Temple ( Burmese : မနူဟာဘုရား ) is a Buddhist temple built in Myinkaba ( located near Bagan ) , by captive Mon King Manuha in 1067 , according to King Manuha 's inscriptions . It is a rectangular building of two storeys . The building contains three images of seated Buddhas and an image of Buddha entering Nirvana . Manuha Temple is one of the oldest temples in Bagan . About the same time Makuta , captive king of the Thaton Kingdom:150 ( his name is now corrupted into 'Manuha ' ) , must have built his colossal images at Myinpagan , where he was living in captivity , a mile S. of Pagan . Stricken with remorse , says the Glass Palace Chronicle , he built a colossal Buddha with legs crossed , and a dying Buddha as it were making pariniruâna ; and he prayed saying 'Whithersoever I migrate in samsâra , may I never be conquered by another ! ' The temple is called Manuha to this day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Francois_County,_Missouri", "text": "St. Francois County ( /ˈfrænsɪs/ ) is a county located in the Lead Belt region in the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 65,359 . The largest city and county seat is Farmington . The county was officially organized on December 19 , 1821 . It was named after the St. Francis River . The origin of the river 's name is unclear . It might refer to St. Francis of Assisi . Another possibility is that Jacques Marquette , a Jesuit who explored the region in 1673 , named the river for the Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier . Marquette had spent some time at the mission of St. Francois Xavier before his voyage and , as a Jesuit , was unlikely to have given the river a name honoring the Franciscans . St. Francois County comprises the Farmington , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the St. Louis-St. Charles-Farmington , MO-IL Combined Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NetBSD", "text": "NetBSD is a free and open-source Unix-like operating system based on the Berkeley Software Distribution ( BSD ) . It was the first open-source BSD descendant officially released after 386BSD was forked . It continues to be actively developed and is available for many platforms , including servers , desktops , handheld devices , and embedded systems . The NetBSD project focuses on code clarity , careful design , and portability across many computer architectures . Its source code is publicly available and permissively licensed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vienna_Airport", "text": "Vienna International Airport ( German : Flughafen Wien-Schwechat , Slovak : Letisko Viedeň-Schwechat ; IATA : VIE , ICAO : LOWW ) is the international airport of Vienna , the capital of Austria , located in Schwechat , 18 km ( 11 mi ) southeast of central Vienna and 57 kilometres ( 35 mi ) west of Bratislava . It is the country 's largest airport and serves as the hub for Austrian Airlines and Eurowings Europe as well as a base for low-cost carriers easyJet Europe , Lauda , Level and Wizz Air . It is capable of handling wide-body aircraft up to the Airbus A380 . The airport features a dense network of European destinations as well as long-haul flights to Asia , North America and Africa . In 2018 , the airport handled 27 million passengers , a 10.8% increase compared to 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979–80_St._Louis_Blues_season", "text": "The 1979-80 St. Louis Blues season was the 13th in franchise history . It involved the team returning to the NHL Playoffs for the first time in three seasons , following the team 's 34-34-12 record during the regular-season , good for 80 points . The season started the team 's run of 25 consecutive seasons of playoff appearances , a record for any non-Original Six NHL franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tithe:_A_Modern_Faerie_Tale", "text": "Tithe : A Modern Faerie Tale is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Holly Black . It was published in 2002 by Simon & Schuster , who recommended it for ages 12 up . Sequels -- Valiant ( 2005 ) and Ironside ( 2007 ) -- completed a trilogy that is sometimes called [ A ] Modern Tale of Faerie , the subtitle of volume two . The novel is set on the Jersey Shore and Black calls it suburban fantasy , as opposed to urban fantasy . Tithe was one of five finalists for the annual Mythopoeic Fantasy Award in children 's literature ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stephen_Mallory", "text": "Stephen Russell Mallory ( 1812 - November 9 , 1873 ) was a Democratic senator from Florida from 1850 to the secession of his home state and the outbreak of the American Civil War . For much of that period , he was chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs . It was a time of rapid naval reform , and he insisted that the ships of the US Navy should be as capable as those of Britain and France , the foremost navies in the world at that time . He also wrote a bill and guided it through Congress to provide for compulsory retirement of officers who did not meet the standards of the profession . Although he was not a leader in the secession movement , Mallory followed his state out of the Union . When the Confederate States of America was formed , he was named Secretary of the Navy in the administration of President Jefferson Davis . He held the position throughout the existence of the Confederacy . Because of indifference to naval matters by most others in the Confederacy , Mallory was able to shape the Confederate Navy according to the principles he had learned while serving in the US Senate . Some of his ideas , such as the incorporation of armor into warship construction , were quite successful and became standard in navies around the world . On the other hand , the navy was often handicapped by administrative ineptitude in the Navy Department . During the war , he was weakened politically by a Congressional investigation into the Navy Department for its failure in defense of New Orleans . After months of taking testimony , the investigating committee concluded that it had no evidence of wrongdoing on his part ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frenesi", "text": "Frenesí is a musical piece originally composed by Alberto Domínguez for the marimba , and adapted as a jazz standard by Leonard Whitcup and others . The word frenesí is Spanish for frenzy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helsinki,_Finland", "text": "Helsinki ( /ˈhɛlsɪŋki/ HEL-sink-ee or /hɛlˈsɪŋki/ ( listen ) hel-SINK-ee , Finnish : [ ˈhelsiŋki ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Helsingfors [ hɛlsɪŋˈfɔʂː ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ helsiŋˈforsː ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous city of Finland . Located on the shore of the Gulf of Finland , it is the seat of the region of Uusimaa in southern Finland , and has a population of 650,058 . The city 's urban area has a population of 1,268,296 , making it by far the most populous urban area in Finland as well as the country 's most important center for politics , education , finance , culture , and research . Helsinki is located 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of Tallinn , Estonia , 400 km ( 250 mi ) east of Stockholm , Sweden , and 300 km ( 190 mi ) west of Saint Petersburg , Russia . It has close historical ties with these three cities . Together with the cities of Espoo , Vantaa , and Kauniainen , and surrounding commuter towns , Helsinki forms the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which has a population of nearly 1.5 million . Often considered to be Finland 's only metropolis , it is the world 's northernmost metro area with over one million people as well as the northernmost capital of an EU member state . After Stockholm and Oslo , Helsinki is the third largest municipality in the Nordic countries . Swedish and Finnish are both official languages . The city is served by the international Helsinki Airport , located in the neighboring city of Vantaa , with frequent service to many destinations in Europe and Asia . Helsinki was the World Design Capital for 2012 , the venue for the 1952 Summer Olympics , and the host of the 52nd Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 . Helsinki has one of the highest urban standards of living in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winx_Club_(season_3)", "text": "The third season of the animated television series Winx Club aired from 29 January to 28 March 2007 , consisting of 26 episodes . The series was created by Iginio Straffi , who also acted as executive producer and director of the season . The season focuses on the Winx Club 's third and final year at the Alfea College for Fairies , where they strive to earn an enhancement to their powers called Enchantix . The Trix escape from their prison in the Omega Dimension and bring back a new villain named Valtor , who has a special connection with Bloom . Multiple English dubs of the season were produced . One was provided by Cinélume and another was produced by 4Kids TV , which also edited and censored numerous scenes . The latter version aired on Fox from 30 September 2006 to 22 September 2007 . Additionally , in 2010 , Nickelodeon became a co-producer of Winx Club and redubbed the third season before airing the Nick-produced episodes . The third season aired on Nickelodeon U.S. under the title Winx Club : Enchantix from 14 November to 26 December 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Public_Broadcasting_Service", "text": "The Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) is an American public broadcaster and television program distributor . It is a nonprofit organization and the most prominent provider of educational television programming to public television stations in the United States , distributing series such as American Experience , America 's Test Kitchen , Antiques Roadshow , Arthur , Barney & Friends , Clifford the Big Red Dog , Downton Abbey , Finding Your Roots , Frontline , The Magic School Bus , Masterpiece , Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood , Nature , Nova , the PBS NewsHour , Reading Rainbow , Sesame Street , Teletubbies , and This Old House . PBS is funded by a combination of member station dues , the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , National Datacast , pledge drives , and donations from both private foundations and individual citizens . All proposed funding for programming is subject to a set of standards to ensure the program is free of influence from the funding source . Since the mid-2000s , Roper Opinion Research polls commissioned by PBS have consistently placed the service as the most-trusted national institution in the United States . A 2016-2017 study by Nielsen Media Research found 80% of all US television households view the network 's programs over the course of a year . However , PBS is not responsible for all programming carried on public television stations , a large proportion of which may come from its member stations , including WGBH-TV , WETA-TV , WNET , WTTW , WHYY-TV , Twin Cities PBS , American Public Television , and independent producers . This distinction regarding the origin of different programs on the service present a frequent source of viewer confusion . PBS has more than 350 member television stations , many owned by educational institutions , nonprofit groups both independent or affiliated with one particular local public school district or collegiate educational institution , or entities owned by or related to state government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dominican_Republic", "text": "The Dominican Republic ( /dəˈmɪnɪkən/ də-MIN-ik-ən ; Spanish : República Dominicana , pronounced [ reˈpuβlika ðominiˈkana ] ( listen ) ) is a country located on the island of Hispaniola in the Greater Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean region . It occupies the eastern five-eighths of the island , which it shares with the Republic of Haiti , making Hispaniola one of only two Caribbean islands , along with Saint Martin , that are shared by two sovereign states . The Dominican Republic is the second-largest nation in the Antilles by area ( after Cuba ) at 48,671 square kilometers ( 18,792 sq mi ) , and third by population with approximately 10.5 million people ( 2020 est . ) , of whom approximately 3.3 million live in the metropolitan area of Santo Domingo , the capital city . The native Taíno people had inhabited Hispaniola before the arrival of the Europeans , dividing it into five chiefdoms . The Taíno people had eventually moved north over many years , and lived around the Caribbean islands . The Taíno natives had done quite well for themselves and were on their way to being an organized civilization . Christopher Columbus explored and claimed the island , landing here on his first voyage in 1492 . The colony of Santo Domingo became the site of the first permanent European settlement in the Americas , the oldest continuously inhabited city , and the first seat of the Spanish colonial rule in the New World . Meanwhile , France occupied the western third of Hispaniola , naming their colony Saint-Domingue , which became the independent state of Haiti in 1804 . After more than three hundred years of Spanish rule the Dominican people declared independence in November 1821 . The leader of the independence movement José Núñez de Cáceres , intended the Dominican nation to unite with the country of Gran Colombia , but the newly independent Dominicans were forcefully annexed by Haiti in February 1822 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torso_in_the_Thames", "text": "Adam was the name police gave to an unidentified young boy whose torso was discovered in the River Thames in London , United Kingdom on 21 September 2001 . Investigators believe the boy was likely from southwestern Nigeria and that several days before his murder , he was trafficked to the United Kingdom for a muti ritual sacrifice . To date , nobody has been charged with Adam 's murder and his true identity remains unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_Park_Racetrack", "text": "Delaware Park ( also known as DelPark ) is an American thoroughbred horse racing track , casino , and golf course in Stanton , Delaware . It is located just outside the city of Wilmington , and about 30 miles from Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cuba", "text": "Cuba ( /ˈkjuːbə/ ( listen ) ; Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈkuβa ] ) , officially the Republic of Cuba ( Spanish : República de Cuba ( help·info ) ) , is a country comprising the island of Cuba as well as Isla de la Juventud and several minor archipelagos . Cuba is located in the northern Caribbean where the Caribbean Sea , Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean meet . It is east of the Yucatán Peninsula ( Mexico ) , south of both the U.S. state of Florida and the Bahamas , west of Haiti and north of both Jamaica and the Cayman Islands . Havana is the largest city and capital ; other major cities include Santiago de Cuba and Camagüey . The area of the Republic of Cuba is 110,860 square kilometers ( 42,800 sq mi ) ( 109,884 square kilometers ( 42,426 sq mi ) without the territorial waters ) . The island of Cuba is the largest island in Cuba and in the Caribbean , with an area of 105,006 square kilometers ( 40,543 sq mi ) , and the second-most populous after Hispaniola , with over 11 million inhabitants . The territory that is now Cuba was inhabited by the Ciboney Taíno people from the 4th millennium BC until Spanish colonization in the 15th century . From the 15th century , it was a colony of Spain until the Spanish-American War of 1898 , when Cuba was occupied by the United States and gained nominal independence as a de facto United States protectorate in 1902 . As a fragile republic , in 1940 Cuba attempted to strengthen its democratic system , but mounting political radicalization and social strife culminated in a coup and subsequent dictatorship under Fulgencio Batista in 1952 . Open corruption and oppression under Batista 's rule led to his ousting in January 1959 by the 26th of July Movement , which afterwards established communist rule under the leadership of Fidel Castro . Since 1965 , the state has been governed by the Communist Party of Cuba . The country was a point of contention during the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States , and a nuclear war nearly broke out during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddie_Albert", "text": "Eddie Albert ( born Edward Albert Heimberger ; April 22 , 1906 - May 26 , 2005 ) was an American actor and activist . He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor ; the first nomination came in 1954 for his performance in Roman Holiday , and the second in 1973 for The Heartbreak Kid . Other well-known screen roles of his include Bing Edwards in the Brother Rat films , traveling salesman Ali Hakim in the musical Oklahoma ! , and the sadistic prison warden in 1974 's The Longest Yard . He starred as Oliver Wendell Douglas in the 1960s television sitcom Green Acres and as Frank MacBride in the 1970s crime drama Switch . He also had a recurring role as Carlton Travis on Falcon Crest , opposite Jane Wyman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Observation_balloon", "text": "An observation balloon is a type of balloon that is employed as an aerial platform for intelligence gathering and artillery spotting . Use of observation balloons began during the French Revolutionary Wars , reaching their zenith during World War I , and they continue in limited use today . Historically , observation balloons were filled with hydrogen . The balloons were fabric envelopes filled with hydrogen gas , whose flammable nature led to the destruction of hundreds of balloons on both sides . Observers manning these observation balloons frequently had to use a parachute to evacuate their balloon when it came under attack . To avoid the potentially flammable consequences of hydrogen , observation balloons after World War I were often filled with non-flammable helium . Typically , balloons were tethered to a steel cable attached to a winch that reeled the gasbag to its desired height ( usually 1,000-1,500 metres ) and retrieved it at the end of an observation session ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronnie_Carroll", "text": "Ronnie Carroll ( born Ronald Cleghorn ; 18 August 1934 - 13 April 2015 ) was a Northern Irish singer , entertainer and political candidate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pippi_Longstocking", "text": "Pippi Longstocking is the fictional main character in an eponymous series of children 's books by Swedish author Astrid Lindgren . Pippi was named by Lindgren 's daughter Karin , who asked her mother for a get-well story when she was off school . Pippi is red-haired , freckled , unconventional and superhumanly strong - able to lift her horse one-handed . She is playful and unpredictable . She often makes fun of unreasonable adults , especially if they are pompous and condescending . Her anger comes out in extreme cases , such as when a man ill-treats his horse . Pippi , like Peter Pan , does not want to grow up . She is the daughter of a buccaneer captain and has adventure stories to tell about that , too . Her four best friends are her horse and monkey , and the neighbours ' children , Tommy and Annika . After being rejected by Bonnier Publishers in 1944 , Lindgren 's first manuscript was accepted by Rabén and Sjögren . The first three Pippi chapter books were published from 1945 to 1948 , followed by three short stories and a number of picture book adaptations . They have been translated into 76 languages as of 2018 [ update ] and made into several films and television series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dahlberg_Arena", "text": "Dahlberg Arena is a 7,321-seat multi-purpose arena in the western United States , located on the campus of the University of Montana in Missoula . The arena opened 67 years ago in 1953 and is home to the Montana Grizzlies and Lady Griz basketball teams . It has hosted the Big Sky Conference men 's basketball tournament five times : 1978 , 1991 , 1992 , 2000 , and 2012 . Opened in late 1953 , the field house was named for newly-retired track coach Harry Adams in June 1966 . In the 1980s , Adams Field House seated over 9,000 and was known as the toughest arena for visiting teams in the Big Sky , and also enjoyed a national reputation . Its laminated wood arches were constructed in Portland , Oregon . The elevation of the floor is approximately 3,200 feet ( 980 m ) above sea level . Alumnus George P. ( Jiggs ) Dahlberg ( 1900-1993 ) was head coach of the Grizzlies from 1937 to 1955 and retired as athletic director in 1961 . He was one of four brothers known as The Four Norseman of Butte who competed in athletics for the Griz . The arena can be configured to seat 5,500 people for a traditionally staged concert or can use all of the seats for a concert with a central stage . It has hosted many concerts , including Pearl Jam , Grateful Dead , Gym Class Heroes , Rascal Flatts , and Macklemore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Posey_Township,_Harrison_County,_Indiana", "text": "Posey Township is one of twelve townships in Harrison County , Indiana . As of the 2010 census , its population was 2,909 and it contained 1,230 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Styron", "text": "William Clark Styron Jr. ( June 11 , 1925 - November 1 , 2006 ) was an American novelist and essayist who won major literary awards for his work . Styron was best known for his novels , including :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Salyut_7", "text": "Salyut 7 ( Russian : Салют-7 ; English : Salute 7 ) ( a.k.a . DOS-6 ) was a space station in low Earth orbit from April 1982 to February 1991 . It was first crewed in May 1982 with two crew via Soyuz T-5 , and last visited in June 1986 , by Soyuz T-15 . Various crew and modules were used over its lifetime , including 12 crewed and 15 uncrewed launches in total . Supporting spacecraft included the Soyuz T , Progress , and TKS spacecraft . It was part of the Soviet Salyut programme , and launched on 19 April 1982 on a Proton rocket from Site 200/40 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in the Soviet Union . Salyut 7 was part of the transition from monolithic to modular space stations , acting as a testbed for docking of additional modules and expanded station operations . It was the tenth space station of any kind launched . Salyut 7 was the last space station of the Salyut Program , which was replaced by Mir ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TCU_Horned_Frogs", "text": "The TCU Horned Frogs are the athletic teams that represent Texas Christian University . The 18 varsity teams participate in NCAA Division I and in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) for football , competing mostly in the Big 12 Conference . The school was a founding member of the Southwest Conference and was a member of the Western Athletic Conference , Conference USA , and the Mountain West Conference before joining the Big 12 . Two TCU teams participate outside the Big 12 in sports not sponsored by that conference . The rifle team competes in the Patriot Rifle Conference , and the beach volleyball team is set to join the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association ( CCSA ) for the 2018-19 school year . The horned frog nickname and mascot refer to the Texas horned lizard , also known as the horned frog ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unitarianism", "text": "Unitarianism ( from Latin unitas unity , oneness , from unus one ) is a Christian theological movement named for its belief that the God in Christianity is one person , as opposed to the Trinity ( tri- from Latin tres three ) which in most other branches of Christianity defines God as one being in three persons : the Father , Son , and Holy Spirit . Unitarian Christians , therefore , believe that Jesus was inspired by God in his moral teachings , and he is a savior , but he was not a deity or God incarnate . As is typical of dissenters , Unitarianism does not constitute one single Christian denomination , but rather refers to a collection of both existing and extinct Christian groups , whether historically related to each other or not , which share a common theological concept of the oneness nature of God . While the uncompromising theological monotheism at the heart of Christian Unitarianism distinguishes it from the major Christian denominations which subscribe to Trinitarian theology , Christian Unitarianism is closer to the monotheistic understandings of God in Judaism , as well as the concept of the oneness of God in Islam . More so , Muslims believe that Christian Unitarianism encompasses the one true monotheistic divine message from God , perpetuated through the Abrahamic faiths that predated Islam . Unitarianism is also known for the rejection of several other Western Christian doctrines , including the doctrines of original sin , predestination , and the infallibility of the Bible . Unitarians in previous centuries accepted the doctrine of punishment in an eternal hell , but few do today . Unitarianism might be considered a part of Protestantism , depending on one 's stance or viewpoint , and some exclude it from that term due to its rejection of the Trinity . Despite common origins during the Protestant Reformation , some scholars call it a part of Nontrinitarianism , while others consider it both Protestant and Nontrinitarian , seeing no contradiction between those two terms . None of the three views is universally accepted . The Unitarian movement is tied to the more radical critiques of the Reformation . First organized in Eastern Europe during the Reformation , Unitarian communities have developed in Britain , South Africa , India , Canada , the United States , Jamaica , Nigeria , and Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warner_Bros.", "text": "Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. ( also simply known as Warner Bros. and initialized as WB ) is an American entertainment company headquartered in Burbank , California , and a division of AT & T 's WarnerMedia . Founded in 1923 , it has operations in areas such as film , television , and video games and is one of the Big Five major American film studios , as well as a member of the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) . The company 's portfolio encompasses the film studios Warner Bros. Pictures , New Line Cinema , Castle Rock Entertainment and DC Films ; the television production and syndication company Warner Bros. Television ; the animation studios Warner Bros . Animation and Warner Animation Group ; the publisher DC Comics ; the video game development and publishing arm Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment ; the pay television channels Cartoon Network , Boomerang and Turner Classic Movies ; and a 50% interest in The CW television network , which is co-owned with ViacomCBS . Aside from content operations , Warner Bros. also has several theme parks that are managed and operated by third party companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Financial_Post", "text": "The Financial Post was an English Canadian business newspaper , which published from 1907 to 1998 . In 1998 , the publication was folded into the new National Post , although the name Financial Post has been retained as the banner for that paper 's business section and also lives on in the Posts monthly business magazine , Financial Post Business . The Financial Post started publication in 1907 by John Bayne Maclean . It was a weekly publication , and one of the core assets of Maclean 's media business , which eventually became Maclean-Hunter . The paper was purchased by Sun Media in 1987 , and expanded into a daily tabloid on February 1 , 1988 , and added home delivery newspaper in 1990 , with a reformatted Financial Post Magazine following shortly after . In 1998 , Sun Media sold the Financial Post to Hollinger , whose CEO Conrad Black had been seeking a way to establish a national newspaper . Sun Media acquired the Kitchener-Waterloo Record , the Guelph Mercury , the Hamilton Spectator and the Cambridge Reporter from Hollinger in exchange , but has since sold all four papers . The Hollinger transaction was finalized in July 1998 . Originally slated to launch on October 5 , 1998 , the National Post 's launch was delayed until October 27 by the financial complications of the Financial Post purchase . The Financial Post retains a loyal audience of English business readers in Canada , offering coverage similar to the Report on Business by The Globe and Mail . Though there has been frequent speculation that the Financial Post would be merged into the business sections of the regional newspapers owned by the National Posts parent , Postmedia News , much of the Posts editorial content is now syndicated to other Postmedia newspapers through the Postmedia News Service . The Financial Post publishes several popular editorial features throughout the year , including the annual competition Financial Posts Ten Best Companies to Work For ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology", "text": "Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) is a private research university in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The Institute is a land-grant , sea-grant , and space-grant university , with an urban campus that extends more than a mile ( 1.6 km ) alongside the Charles River . The Institute also encompasses a number of major off-campus facilities such as the MIT Lincoln Laboratory , the Bates Center , and the Haystack Observatory , as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes . Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States , MIT adopted a European polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering . It has since played a key role in the development of many aspects of modern science , engineering , mathematics , and technology , and is widely known for its innovation and academic strength , making it one of the most prestigious institutions of higher learning in the world . As of October 2019 [ update ] , 96 Nobel laureates , 26 Turing Award winners , and 8 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni , faculty members , or researchers . In addition , 58 National Medal of Science recipients , 29 National Medals of Technology and Innovation recipients , 50 MacArthur Fellows , 73 Marshall Scholars , 48 Rhodes Scholars , 41 astronauts , and 16 Chief Scientists of the US Air Force have been affiliated with MIT . The school also has a strong entrepreneurial culture , and the aggregated annual revenues of companies founded by MIT alumni ( $ 1.9 trillion ) would rank roughly as the tenth-largest economy in the world ( 2014 ) . MIT is a member of the Association of American Universities ( AAU ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Hamilton", "text": "Fort Hamilton is a United States Army installation in the southwestern corner of the New York City borough of Brooklyn , surrounded by the communities of Bay Ridge and Dyker Heights . It is one of several posts that are part of the region which is headquartered by the Military District of Washington . Its mission is to provide the New York metropolitan area with military installation support for the Army National Guard and the United States Army Reserve . The original fort was completed in 1831 , with major additions made in the 1870s and 1900s . However , all defenses except about half of the original fort have been demolished or buried ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Impossibles_(TV_series)", "text": "The Impossibles was a series of American animated cartoons produced by Hanna-Barbera in 1966 broadcast by CBS . The series of shorts ( six minutes each ) appeared as part of Frankenstein Jr. and The Impossibles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1991 Big Sky Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was the sixteenth edition , held March 6-9 at Dahlberg Arena at the University of Montana in Missoula , Montana . Top-seeded host Montana defeated two-time defending champion Idaho in the championship game , 76-68 , to win their first Big Sky tournament title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_of_Blacktown", "text": "Blacktown City Council is a local government area in Western Sydney , situated on the Cumberland Plain , approximately 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of the Sydney central business district , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Established in 1906 as the Blacktown Shire and becoming the Municipality of Blacktown in 1961 before gaining city status in 1979 , the City occupies an area of 246.9 square kilometres ( 95.3 sq mi ) and had a population of 336,962 as at the 2016 census , making it the second most populous LGA in Sydney . The Mayor of the Blacktown City Council is Cr . Tony Bleasdale OAM a member of the Australian Labor Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Durban,_South_Africa", "text": "Durban ( , from itheku meaning bay/lagoon ) is the third most populous city in South Africa - after Johannesburg and Cape Town - and the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal . Located on the east coast of South Africa , Durban is the busiest port in the country . It is also one of the major centres of tourism because of the city 's warm subtropical climate and extensive beaches . Durban forms part of the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality , which includes neighboring towns and has a population of about 3.44 million , making the combined municipality one of the biggest cities on the Indian Ocean coast of the African continent . It is also the second most important manufacturing hub in South Africa after Johannesburg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wholesale", "text": "Wholesaling or distributing is the sale of goods or merchandise to retailers ; to industrial , commercial , institutional or other professional business users ; or to other wholesalers ( wholesale businesses ) and related subordinated services . In general , it is the sale of goods to anyone other than a standard consumer . Wholesaling is the selling of merchandise to anyone either a person or an organization other than the end consumer of that merchandise . According to the United Nations Statistics Division , wholesale is the resale ( sale without transformation ) of new and used goods to retailers , to industrial , commercial , institutional or professional users , or to other wholesalers , or involves acting as an agent or broker in buying merchandise for , or selling merchandise to , such persons or companies . Wholesalers frequently physically assemble , sort and grade goods in large lots , break bulk , repack and redistribute in smaller lots . While wholesalers of most products usually operate from independent premises , wholesale marketing for foodstuffs can take place at specific wholesale markets where all traders are congregated . Traditionally , wholesalers were closer to the markets they supplied than the source from which they got the products . However , with the advent of the internet and e-procurement there are an increasing number of wholesalers located nearer to the manufacturers in China , Taiwan , and Southeast Asia . In the banking industry wholesale usually refers to wholesale banking , providing tailored services to large customers , in contrast with retail banking , providing standardized services to large numbers of smaller customers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doddington,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Doddington is a village and civil parish lying just off the A141 in the Isle of Ely , Cambridgeshire , approximately half way ( 4 miles ( 6 km ) ) between Chatteris ( to the south ) and March ( to the north )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Columbus,_Georgia", "text": "Columbus is a consolidated city-county located on the west-central border of the U.S. state of Georgia . Located on the Chattahoochee River directly across from Phenix City , Alabama , Columbus is the county seat of Muscogee County , with which it officially merged in 1970 . Columbus is the third-largest city in Georgia and the fourth-largest metropolitan area . According to the 2017 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , Columbus has a population of 194,058 residents , with 303,811 in the Columbus metropolitan area . The metro area joins the nearby Alabama cities of Auburn and Opelika to form the Columbus-Auburn-Opelika Combined Statistical Area , which has a 2017 estimated population of 499,128 . Columbus lies 100 miles ( 160 km ) southwest of Atlanta . Fort Benning , the United States Army 's Maneuver Center of Excellence and a major employer , is located south of the city in Chattahoochee County . Columbus is home to museums and tourism sites , including the National Infantry Museum , dedicated to the United States Army 's Infantry Branch . It has the longest urban whitewater rafting course in the world constructed on the Chattahoochee River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ōita,_Ōita", "text": "Ōita ( 大分市 , Ōita-shi ) is the capital city of Ōita Prefecture , located on the island of Kyushu , Japan . On January 1 , 2005 , the town of Notsuharu ( from Ōita District ) and the town of Saganoseki ( from Kitaamabe District ) were merged into Ōita ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hectare", "text": "The hectare ( /ˈhɛktɛər , -tɑːr/ ; SI symbol : ha ) is a non-SI metric unit of area equal to a square with 100-metre sides ( 1 hm2 ) , or 10,000 m2 , and is primarily used in the measurement of land . There are 100 hectares in one square kilometre . An acre is about 0.405 hectare and one hectare contains about 2.47 acres . In 1795 , when the metric system was introduced , the are was defined as 100 square metres and the hectare ( hecto- + are ) was thus 100 ares or ​1⁄100 km2 ( 10,000 square metres ) . When the metric system was further rationalised in 1960 , resulting in the International System of Units ( SI ) , the are was not included as a recognised unit . The hectare , however , remains as a non-SI unit accepted for use with the SI and whose use is expected to continue indefinitely . Though the dekare/decare daa ( 1,000 m2 ) and are a ( 100 m2 ) are not officially accepted for use , they are still used in some contexts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laura_Ingalls_Wilder", "text": "Laura Elizabeth Ingalls Wilder ( February 7 , 1867 - February 10 , 1957 ) was an American writer known for the Little House on the Prairie series of children 's books , published between 1932 and 1943 , which were based on her childhood in a settler and pioneer family . During the 1970s and early 1980s , the television series Little House on the Prairie was loosely based on the Little House books , and starred Melissa Gilbert as Laura and Michael Landon as her father , Charles Ingalls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Châtelaine", "text": "Châtelaine is a French-language magazine of women 's lifestyles , published in Quebec by Rogers Media , Inc. , a division of Rogers Communications , Inc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VOCM-FM", "text": "VOCM-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.5 MHz from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador . It is owned by Stingray Digital Group Inc . Presently the station is branded as 97.5 K-Rock and broadcasts a classic rock format , although some recent [ when ? ] rock songs [ example needed ] have lately [ when ? ] become part of the mix . On Sundays from 8am to 1pm , the station plays traditional Newfoundland folk music on the Home Brew Show . Originally launched in September 1982 , it was called VO Stereo and later as 97.5 VOFM and in the mid-1990s as Magic 97 . After a limited success with its easy listening format in the early 1980s as VO Stereo , a management decision was undertaken to pursue a younger audience . The late 1980s under the direction of manager Gary Butler and music Director Pat Murphy , the station began programming a mix of new and classic rock with great success . In less than two years , the station vaulted from last place to the number one FM station in St. John 's with a predominately young male audience . Although pleased with the results , management set about to build a stronger audience that would include more female listeners . Research [ by whom ? ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Maud_F.C.", "text": "Maud Football Club are a Scottish football club from the village of Maud , Aberdeenshire . Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association , they currently play in the SJFA North Superleague . The current club formed in 1973 as an Amateur side and joined the SJFA North Region in 1975 . Their home ground is Maud Pleasure Park and the club colours are red . The club withdrew from the league at the beginning of the 2002-03 season after some heavy defeats but returned the following year , winning promotion at the first attempt . The team are managed since November 2018 by Robbie Wildgoose ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steve_Martin", "text": "Stephen Glenn Martin ( born August 14 , 1945 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , and musician . Martin came to public notice in the 1960s as a writer for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , and later as a frequent guest on The Tonight Show . In the 1970s , Martin performed his offbeat , absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours . Since the 1980s , having branched away from comedy , Martin has become a successful actor , as well as an author , playwright , pianist , and banjo player , eventually earning him Emmy , Grammy , and American Comedy awards , among other honors . In 2004 , Comedy Central ranked Martin at sixth place in a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics . He was awarded an Honorary Academy Award at the Academy 's 5th Annual Governors Awards in 2013 . While he has played banjo since an early age , and included music in his comedy routines from the beginning of his professional career , he has increasingly dedicated his career to music since the 2000s , acting less and spending much of his professional life playing banjo , recording , and touring with various bluegrass acts , including Earl Scruggs , with whom he won a Grammy for Best Country Instrumental Performance in 2002 . He released his first solo music album , The Crow : New Songs for the 5-String Banjo , in 2009 , for which he won the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nike,_Inc.", "text": "Nike , Inc. ( /ˈnaɪki/ ) [ note 1 ] is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear , apparel , equipment , accessories , and services . The company is headquartered near Beaverton , Oregon , in the Portland metropolitan area . It is the world 's largest supplier of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment , with revenue in excess of US $ 24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 ( ending May 31 , 2012 ) . As of 2012 , it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide . In 2014 the brand alone was valued at $ 19 billion , making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses . As of 2017 , the Nike brand is valued at $ 29.6 billion . Nike ranked No . 89 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . The company was founded on January 25 , 1964 , as Blue Ribbon Sports , by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight , and officially became Nike , Inc. on May 30 , 1971 . The company takes its name from Nike , the Greek goddess of victory . Nike markets its products under its own brand , as well as Nike Golf , Nike Pro , Nike+ , Air Jordan , Nike Blazers , Air Force 1 , Nike Dunk , Air Max , Foamposite , Nike Skateboarding , Nike CR7 , and subsidiaries including Brand Jordan , Hurley International and Converse . Nike also owned Bauer Hockey ( later renamed Nike Bauer ) from 1995 to 2008 , and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandnes", "text": "The small port village of Sandnes was granted ladested ( small seaport city ) status in 1860 . On 6 April 1861 , the small city was separated from the municipality of Høyland to form a separate self-governing municipality of its own . Initially , the municipality had 440 residents . On 1 July 1957 , a small part of Høyland municipality ( population : 18 ) was transferred to the city of Sandnes . During the 1960s , there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee . On 1 January 1965 , the city of Sandnes ( population : 3,961 ) was merged with the municipality of Høyland ( population : 20,353 ) and parts of the municipalities of Høle ( population : 926 ) and Hetland ( population : 2,077 ) . On 1 January 2017 , a small 350-decare ( 86-acre ) area on the southwestern edge of the village of Solakrossen was transferred from Sandnes municipality to the neighboring municipality of Sola . On 1 January 2020 , the neighboring municipalities of Sandnes and Forsand are scheduled to merge into one large municipality called Sandnes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Badajoz_Airport", "text": "Badajoz Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Badajoz ) ( IATA : BJZ , ICAO : LEBZ ) is an airport located 13 km ( 8.1 mi ) east of Badajoz , a city in Extremadura , Spain , and 45 km west of Mérida , Spain , the capital of the same Autonomous Community . The airport is connected with both cities by the Autovía A-5 motorway . The airport shares its runway and control tower with the Talavera la Real Air Base ( Spanish : Base Aérea de Talavera la Real ) , an air base of the Spanish Air Force , named for the nearby municipality of Talavera la Real ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lal-lo,_Cagayan", "text": "Lal-lo , officially the Municipality of Lal-Lo , is a 1st class municipality in the province of Cagayan , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 44,506 people . During the Spanish colonial period , Lal-lo was known as Ciudad de Nueva Segovia and was the seat of the Diocese of Nueva Segovia before it was moved to Vigan in Ilocos Sur . There is a recent move in the Philippine Congress to rename Lal-lo back to its former name and reclassify the municipality again as a component city . Recently , the provincial government of Cagayan thru the leadership of Governor Manuel Mamba is planning to make Lal-lo the provincial capital of Cagayan again . An international airport is currently being built in the southern part of Lal-lo . The Northern Cagayan International Airport is constructed to support the Cagayan Special Economic Zone in northern Cagayan and will also serve the seaborne traffic through Port Irene . The airport project involves the construction of a 2,200-meter runway , with a width of 45 meters , following the standards of the International Civil Aviation Organization . Once completed , the international airport can accommodate large aircraft such as the Airbus A319-100 and Boeing regional jets of comparable size . Royal Air Philippines do twice weekly service using BAe146 aircraft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Ink_Spots", "text": "The Ink Spots were an American vocal jazz group who gained international fame in the 1930s and 1940s . Their unique musical style presaged the rhythm and blues and rock and roll musical genres , and the subgenre doo-wop . The Ink Spots were widely accepted in both the white and black communities , largely due to the ballad style introduced to the group by lead singer Bill Kenny . In 1989 , the Ink Spots ( Bill Kenny , Charlie Fuqua , Deek Watson , Jerry Daniels and Orville Jones ) were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , and in 1999 they were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame . Since the Ink Spots disbanded in 1954 , there have been well over 100 vocal groups calling themselves The Ink Spots without any right to the name , and without any original members of the group . These groups often have claimed to be 2nd generation or 3rd generation Ink Spots ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aberdeen_South_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Aberdeen South is a burgh constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and it elects one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first-past-the-post system of election . The constituency was first used in the 1885 general election , but has undergone boundary changes since then . There was also an Aberdeen South Holyrood constituency , a constituency of the Scottish Parliament , created in 1999 with the boundaries of the Westminster constituency at that time . In 2011 the Scottish Parliament constituency of Aberdeen South was abolished and replaced with the Aberdeen South and North Kincardine constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franjo_Jelačić", "text": "Baron Franjo Jelačić Bužimski ( English : Franz Jellacic , also Francis Yellachich of Buzhim or German : Franz Jellačić von Buzim , Hungarian : Ferenc Jellacsics de Buzim ) ( 14 April 1746 - 4 February 1810 ) was a Croatian nobleman , a member of the House of Jelačić . He began his service in the Habsburg army as a Grenz infantry officer and fought against the Ottoman Turks . During the French Revolutionary Wars he received promotion to the rank of general officer and won an outstanding victory at Feldkirch . His later career proved that his martial abilities were limited . He twice led independent division-sized forces in the Napoleonic Wars , with unhappy results . He was Proprietor ( Inhaber ) of an Austrian infantry regiment from 1802 until his death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fritz_Nachmann", "text": "Fritz Nachmann ( born 16 August 1929 ) is a West German former luger who competed during the 1950s and the 1960s . He was born in Kreuth . He won the bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble . Nachmann also won five medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with four medals in men 's doubles ( gold : FIL World Luge Championships 1957 , FIL World Luge Championships 1958 ; silver : FIL World Luge Championships 1962 , bronze : FIL World Luge Championships 1955 ) and one medal in men 's singles ( gold : FIL World Luge Championships 1963 ) . He also won a silver medal in the men 's singles event at the 1967 FIL European Luge Championships in Königssee , West Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fujitsu", "text": "Fujitsu Ltd. ( 富士通株式会社 , Fujitsū Kabushiki-gaisha ) is a Japanese multinational information technology equipment and services company headquartered in Tokyo , Japan . In 2018 , it was the world 's fourth-largest IT services provider measured by global IT services revenue ( after IBM , Accenture and AWS ) . Fortune named Fujitsu as one of the world 's most admired companies and a Global 500 company . Fujitsu mainly makes computing products , but the company and its subsidiaries also offer a diversity of products and services in the areas of personal computing , enterprise computing , including x86 , SPARC and mainframe compatible server products , as well as storage products , telecommunications , advanced microelectronics , and air conditioning . It has approximately 140,000 employees and its products and services are available in over 100 countries . Fujitsu is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 and TOPIX indices ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denbigh,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Denbigh is a district in Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England , to the north of Fenny Stratford and on the eastern side of the West Coast Main Line and Bletchley proper . It is in the civil parish of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford and is categorised by the Office of National Statistics as part of Bletchley . It is in the civil parish of West Bletchley . The A5 forms its eastern and northern boundary ; parts of Bletcham Way and Saxon St form its southern boundary . The overall district has five sub districts , divided by Watling St/Denbigh Rd , the 'uptick ' of Bletcham Way and Grafton Street , and Saxon Street northbound . The district names are planning designations that have persisted without ever being changed to the style North Denbigh etc . as is the norm elsewhere in Britain . These lands to the east of Watling Street were originally in the manor of Simpson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_F._Mercer", "text": "Charles Fenton Mercer ( June 16 , 1778 - May 4 , 1858 ) was a nineteenth-century politician , U.S . Congressman , and lawyer from Loudoun County , Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chen_Tao_(\"True_Way\")", "text": "Chen Tao ( 真道 , or True Way ) was a UFO religion that originated in Taiwan . It was founded by Hon-Ming Chen ( 陳恆明 born 1955 ) , who first associated it with UFOs and later had the group misrepresented as a New Age UFO cult . Chen was a former professor who claimed to be an atheist until he joined a religious cultivation group that dated back for two generations to the original female founder , Teacher Yu-Hsia Chen . But he broke with the group , headed by the third-generation teacher , in 1993 and created , with another fellow-cultivator , Tao-hung Ma , their own groups . It was later , when he broke with Ma and decided to move to the US , that new elements , such as the pseudo-scientific information of cosmology and flying saucers , as well as Christian motifs of the prophecy of the end and the great tribulation , etc. , were introduced into the group . In Taiwan , the group was originally officially registered as the Chinese Soul Light Research Association . When the group moved to the United States from Asia , it was registered in the US as God 's Salvation Church and first relocated to San Dimas , California . Adherents moved to Garland , Texas , in 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cape_Town", "text": "Cape Town ( Afrikaans : Kaapstad ) [ ˈkɑːpstat ] ; Xhosa : iKapa ; Khoi-San : //Hui ! Gaeb ) is the second most populous city in South Africa after Johannesburg and also the legislative capital of South Africa . Colloquially named the Mother City , it is the largest city of the Western Cape province . It forms part of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality , The Parliament of South Africa sits in Cape Town . The other two capitals are located in Pretoria ( the executive capital where the Presidency is based ) and Bloemfontein ( the judicial capital where the Supreme Court of Appeal is located ) . The city is known for its harbour , for its natural setting in the Cape Floristic Region , and for landmarks such as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Cape Town is home to 64% of the Western Cape 's population . The city was named the World Design Capital for 2014 by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design . In 2014 , Cape Town was named the best place in the world to visit by both The New York Times and The Daily Telegraph. , Cape Town was one of the host cities of the 2010 FIFA World Cup . Located on the shore of Table Bay , Cape Town , as the oldest urban area in South Africa , was developed by the United East India Company ( VOC ) as a supply station for Dutch ships sailing to East Africa , India , and the Far East . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 April 1652 established VOC Cape Colony , the first permanent European settlement in South Africa . Cape Town outgrew its original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope , becoming the economic and cultural hub of the Cape Colony . Until the Witwatersrand Gold Rush and the development of Johannesburg , Cape Town was the largest city in South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryde", "text": "Ryde is an English seaside town and civil parish on the north-east coast of the Isle of Wight . It had a population of 32,072 at the time of the 2011 Census . Its growth as a seaside resort followed after the villages of Upper Ryde and Lower Ryde were merged in the 19th century . The influence of that period can be seen in the town 's central and seafront architecture . As a resort , Ryde has expansive sands revealed at low tide . The wide beach necessitates the listed pier for a regular passenger ferry service to the mainland . It is the fourth longest in the United Kingdom and the oldest survivor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal_Carabins", "text": "The Montréal Carabins are the men 's and women 's athletic teams that represent the Université de Montréal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . Teams play at the CEPSUM Stadium and at l'aréna du CEPSUM , located at the Université de Montréal campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bugzilla", "text": "Bugzilla is a web-based general-purpose bug tracking system and testing tool originally developed and used by the Mozilla project , and licensed under the Mozilla Public License . Released as open-source software by Netscape Communications in 1998 , it has been adopted by a variety of organizations for use as a bug tracking system for both free and open-source software and proprietary projects and products . Bugzilla is used , among others , by the Mozilla Foundation , WebKit , Linux kernel , FreeBSD , KDE , Apache , Red Hat , Eclipse and LibreOffice . It is also self-hosting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Osh", "text": "Osh ( Kyrgyz and Russian : Ош ; Uzbek : Osh ) is the second largest city in Kyrgyzstan , located in the Fergana Valley in the south of the country and often referred to as the capital of the south . It is the oldest city in the country ( estimated to be more than 3000 years old ) , and has served as the administrative center of Osh Region since 1939 . The city has an ethnically mixed population of about 281,900 in 2017 , comprising Uzbeks , Kyrgyz , Russians , Tajiks , and other smaller ethnic groups . It is about 5 km from the Uzbekistan border ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_NBA_Finals", "text": "The 2013 NBA Finals was the championship series of the 2012-13 NBA season and the conclusion of the season 's playoffs . The Eastern Conference champion Miami Heat defeated the Western Conference champion San Antonio Spurs to win their second straight title . The Finals began with Game 1 on June 6 , and ended with Game 7 on June 20 . Miami became the sixth team to win consecutive NBA championships , joining the Boston Celtics ( 1959-1966 , 1968-1969 ) , the Los Angeles Lakers ( 1949-1950 , 1952-1954 , 1987-1988 , 2000-2002 , 2009-2010 ) , the Detroit Pistons ( 1989-1990 ) , the Chicago Bulls ( 1991-1993 , 1996-1998 ) , and the Houston Rockets ( 1994-1995 ) . This series marked the fifth time the Spurs have made the NBA Finals since 1999 , second-most for any franchise in that span behind the Los Angeles Lakers . The Spurs had won all of their previous four finals appearances , putting them only behind the six-time champion Chicago Bulls for most titles without ever losing a Finals , making this series the first Finals loss in Spurs history . This series was also the first time San Antonio had played in the NBA Finals without home court advantage , as Miami had home-court advantage based on their league-best regular season record . It was the Heat 's third consecutive NBA Finals appearance , the first Eastern Conference team to achieve that since the Chicago Bulls ( 1996-1998 ) . This marked the first time a team made three consecutive Finals appearances since the Los Angeles Lakers did so in 2008-2010 . Four former NBA Finals MVPs played in the series ( the Spurs ' Tim Duncan and Tony Parker , and the Heat 's Dwyane Wade and LeBron James ) , the most since 1987 . The 2013 Finals also set a record for most international players on either Finals roster ( 10 ) . Tim Duncan became the fourth player in NBA history to make a Finals appearance in three different decades ."}
{"title": "/wiki/40th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 40th Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1967 . Originally scheduled for April 8 , 1968 , the awards were postponed to two days later , April 10 , 1968 , because of the Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. Bob Hope was once again the host of the ceremony . Due to the increasing rarity of black and white feature films , the awards for cinematography , art direction and costume design were combined into single categories rather than a distinction between color and monochrome . The Best Picture nominees were an eclectic group of films reflecting the chaos of their era . The event was the first one since the 1948 awards show to feature film clips from the Best Picture nominated films . This year 's nominations also marked the first time that three different films were nominated for the Top Five Academy Awards : Best Picture , Director , Actor , Actress and Screenplay . The three films were Bonnie and Clyde , The Graduate and Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner . However , the winner of Best Picture was producer Walter Mirisch and director Norman Jewison 's thriller/mystery film , In the Heat of the Night ( with seven nominations and five wins - Best Picture , Best Actor , Best Screenplay , Best Film Editing and Best Sound ) . The Graduate is , as of the 91st Academy Awards , the last film to win Best Director and nothing else . Due to an all-out push by Academy President Gregory Peck , 18 of the 20 acting nominees were present at the ceremony . Only Katharine Hepburn and the late Spencer Tracy , who was nominated posthumously , were missing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Coruña", "text": "A Coruña ( Galician : [ ɐ koˈɾuɲɐ ] ; [ a ] historical English : Corunna ) is a city and municipality of Galicia , Spain . It is the most populated city and the second most populated municipality in the autonomous community and seventeenth overall in the country . The city is the provincial capital of the province of the same name , having also served as political capital of the Kingdom of Galicia from the 16th to the 19th centuries , and as a regional administrative centre between 1833 and 1982 , before being replaced by Santiago de Compostela . A Coruña is a busy port located on a promontory in the Golfo Ártabro , a large gulf on the Atlantic Ocean . It is the main industrial and financial centre of northern Galicia , and holds the headquarters of the Universidade da Coruña ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grêmio_Barueri_Futebol", "text": "Grêmio Barueri Futebol Ltda. , generally known as Grêmio Barueri , or just as Barueri , was a Brazilian football club from Barueri , São Paulo state . The club was formerly known as Grêmio Recreativo Barueri and Grêmio Prudente Futebol Ltda . The club was founded in 1989 , in the city of Barueri , on the north-western outskirts of metropolitan São Paulo . The club and the city of Barueri failed to reach an agreement about training facilities and the concession of the Arena , causing the club to move to Presidente Prudente in the countryside , about 600 km from the state capital . The move was formalized by the end of February 2010 , and it was announced that a change of insignia and kit would follow within the next weeks . The club moved back to Barueri in 2011 . The club 's home stadium was the Arena Barueri , which has a maximum capacity of about 31,452 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Croatia", "text": "The prime minister of Croatia ( Croatian : Premijer/ Premijerka Hrvatske ) , officially the president of the Government of the Republic of Croatia ( Croatian : Predsjednik/ Predsjednica Vlade Republike Hrvatske ) , is Croatia 's head of government , and is de facto the most powerful and influential state officeholder in the Croatian system of government . Following the first-time establishment of the office in 1945 , the 1990-2000 semi-presidential period is the only exception where the president of Croatia held de facto authority . In the formal Croatian order of precedence , however , the position of prime minister is the third highest state office , after the president of the Republic and the speaker of the Parliament . The Constitution of Croatia prescribes that Parliament supervises the Government ( Article 81 ) and that the President of the Republic ensures the regular and balanced functioning and stability of government ( as a whole ; Article 94 ) , while the Government is introduced in Article 108 . Since 2000 , the prime minister has had various added constitutional powers and is mentioned before the Government itself in the text of the Constitution , in Articles 87 , 97 , 99 , 100 , 101 , 103 , 104 . The current prime minister of Croatia is Andrej Plenković . The Government of Croatia meets in Banski dvori , a historical building located on the west side of St. Mark 's Square in Zagreb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gross_register_tons", "text": "Gross register tonnage ( GRT , grt , g.r.t. , gt ) or gross registered tonnage , is a ship 's total internal volume expressed in register tons , each of which is equal to 100 cubic feet ( 2.83 m3 ) . Gross register tonnage uses the total permanently enclosed capacity of the vessel as its basis for volume . Typically this is used for dockage fees , canal transit fees , and similar purposes where it is appropriate to charge based on the size of the entire vessel . Net register tonnage subtracts the volume of spaces not available for carrying cargo , such as engine rooms , fuel tanks and crew quarters , from gross register tonnage . Gross register tonnage is not a measure of the ship 's weight or displacement and should not be confused with terms such as deadweight tonnage or displacement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moriah_Jefferson", "text": "Moriah Jefferson ( born March 8 , 1994 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Wings of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . She was drafted 2nd overall by the San Antonio Stars in the 2016 WNBA draft . Jefferson played point guard for UConn women 's basketball team , where she won four consecutive national championships . She finished her UConn career ranked first in assists , second in steals , and as a two-time winner of the Nancy Lieberman Award as the top point guard in the nation . On May 16 , 2019 , Jefferson was traded to the Dallas Wings"}
{"title": "/wiki/Berkshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Berkshire was a parliamentary constituency in England , represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of England until 1707 , then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1885 . The county returned two knights of the shire until 1832 and three between 1832 and 1885 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Umbro", "text": "Umbro is an English sportswear and football equipment supplier based in Cheadle , near Manchester . Umbro designs , sources , and markets football-related apparel , footwear , and equipment . Its products are sold in over 90 countries worldwide . Since 2012 , the company has been a subsidiary of American company Iconix Brand Group , after being bought by Nike in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Hamiguitan", "text": "Mount Hamiguitan is a mountain located in the province of Davao Oriental , Philippines . It has a height of 1,620 metres ( 5,315 ft ) . The mountain and its vicinity has one of the most diverse wildlife populations in the country . Among the wildlife found in the area are Philippine eagles and several species of Nepenthes . Some of the latter , such as the Nepenthes peltata , are endemic to the area . The mountain has a protected forest area of approximately 2,000 hectares . This woodland is noted for its unique pygmy forest of century old trees in ultramafic soil , with many endangered , endemic and rare species of flora and fauna . The Mount Hamiguitan range , with an area of 6,834 hectares ( 68.34 km2 ) , was declared a national park and a wildlife sanctuary in 2003 . In 2014 , the park was inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site , becoming the first in Mindanao ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torba_Province", "text": "Torba ( or TorBa ) is the northernmost province of Vanuatu , consisting of the Banks Islands and the Torres Islands . The province 's name is derived from the initial letters of TORres and BAnks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2015 AFC Cup was the 12th edition of the AFC Cup , Asia 's secondary club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) . Johor Darul Ta'zim won the tournament after defeating Istiklol in the final . Al-Qadsia were the defending champions , but they were eliminated in the semi-finals after the Kuwait Football Association was suspended by FIFA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hawaii", "text": "Hawaiʻi ( /həˈwaɪi/ ( listen ) hə-WY-ee ; Hawaiian : Hawaiʻi [ həˈvɐjʔi ] ) is a state of the United States of America . It is the only state located in the Pacific Ocean and the only state composed entirely of islands . The state encompasses nearly the entire Hawaiian archipelago , 137 islands spread over 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) . The volcanic archipelago is physiographically and ethnologically part of the Polynesian subregion of Oceania . At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are , in order from northwest to southeast : Niʻihau , Kauaʻi , Oʻahu , Molokaʻi , Lānaʻi , Kahoʻolawe , Maui , and Hawaiʻi . The last is the largest island in the group ; it is often called the Big Island or Hawaiʻi Island to avoid confusion with the state or archipelago . Hawaiʻi is the 8th-smallest geographically and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the 50 states . It is the only state with an Asian American plurality . Hawaii has more than 1.4 million permanent residents , along with many visitors and U.S. military personnel . The state capital and largest city is Honolulu on the island of Oʻahu . The state 's ocean coastline is about 750 miles ( 1,210 km ) long , the fourth longest in the U.S. , after the coastlines of Alaska , Florida , and California . Hawaii is the most recent state to join the union , on August 21 , 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sokimex", "text": "Sokimex ( or SOKIMEX ) ( Sok Kong Import Export Company ) is a company based in Cambodia . The company is involved in petroleum product import , infrastructure development , hotel management , and an airline ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zee_TV", "text": "Zee TV is an Indian pay television channel owned by Zee Entertainment Enterprises , a media and entertainment company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra . A part of the Essel Group , it started to broadcast on 2 October 1992 as the first Hindi-language subscription channel in India . Zee TV HD was launched on 15 August 2011 along with Zee Cinema HD , Zee Studio HD . It overhauled its old logo on 15 October 2017 , along with all other channels of the Zee Entertainment Enterprises ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flint_Hill_Baptist_Church", "text": "Flint Hill Baptist Church is a historic Southern Baptist church in Flint Hill , Rappahannock County , Virginia . The original section was built in 1854 and expanded and remodeled in the 1890s in the Late Victorian style . The original section is a one-story , gable-roofed , frame-and-weatherboard rectangular structure . Later additions are the front entrance tower topped with a belfry and Sunday school rooms to the rear . It features six stained-glass windows . Also on the property is the contributing church cemetery . Among those buried in the churchyard is Confederate Private Albert Gallatin Willis , one of Mosby 's Rangers and a seminarian who offered himself for execution in the place of a married comrade-in-arms ; the grave is noted with a marker in the Civil War Trails series . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 and included in the Flint Hill Historic District in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rod_Gardner", "text": "Roderick F. Gardner ( born October 26 , 1977 in Jacksonville , Florida ) is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League ( NFL ) for seven seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Williams_(baseball)", "text": "Albert Hamilton Williams DeSouza is an Afro-Nicaraguan former professional baseball pitcher . He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball , from 1980 until 1984 , all for the Minnesota Twins . Williams was originally signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates as an amateur free agent in 1975 . He pitched two seasons in the Pirates minor league system , but was released by Pittsburgh because the Nicaraguan Government would not grant him a visa to leave the country to play baseball in the United States . This prompted Williams to sign up with the Sandinista rebels and he was engaged in jungle fighting against the forces of Anastasio Somoza from 1977 through 1978 during the Nicaraguan Revolution . In 1979 , Williams had to be smuggled out of Nicaragua and was signed a contract to play in the Inter-American League , where he pitched for the Caracas Metropolitanos and Panama Banqueros clubs . He then joined the Minnesota organization in 1980 , where he spent five years . In 1984 , he was the starting pitcher in the Twins season opener against the Detroit Tigers at the Metrodome . In between , Williams played six seasons in the Venezuelan Winter League , making an appearance with the Tiburones de La Guaira in the 1983 Caribbean Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mr._Águila", "text": "José Delgado Saldaña ( born December 10 , 1978 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler ( or luchador ) best known by his ring name Mr. Águila in Mexican wrestling promotions CMLL and AAA . Outside Mexico , Saldaña is best known for his work as Essa Ríos in the WWF and as Papí Chulo in TNA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Presque_Isle,_Maine", "text": "Presque Isle /prɛsk aɪl/ is the commercial center and largest city in Aroostook County , Maine , United States . The population was 8,998 in 2018 as estimated by the US Census , a decrease from the count of 9,692 in the 2010 Census . The city is home to the University of Maine at Presque Isle , Northern Maine Community College , Husson University Presque Isle , Northern Maine Fairgrounds , The Aroostook Centre Mall , and the Presque Isle International Airport . Presque Isle is the headquarters of the Aroostook Band of Micmac , a federally recognized tribe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zentsūji,_Kagawa", "text": "Zentsūji ( 善通寺市 , Zentsūji-shi ) is a city located in Kagawa Prefecture , Japan . The city was founded on March 31 , 1954 . As of June 1 , 2011 , the city has an estimated population of 34,114 , with 13,079 households and a population density of 855.42 persons per km² . The total area is 39.88 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada", "text": "Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans-Jörg_Neumann", "text": "Hans-Jörg Neumann was an East German luger who competed in the mid-1970s . He won two silver medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Championships ( 1974 , 1975 ) . Neumann also won a silver medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1975 FIL European Luge Championships in Olang , Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aircraft", "text": "An aircraft is a vehicle that is able to fly by gaining support from the air . It counters the force of gravity by using either static lift or by using the dynamic lift of an airfoil , or in a few cases the downward thrust from jet engines . Common examples of aircraft include airplanes , helicopters , airships ( including blimps ) , gliders , paramotors and hot air balloons . The human activity that surrounds aircraft is called aviation . The science of aviation , including designing and building aircraft , is called aeronautics . Crewed aircraft are flown by an onboard pilot , but unmanned aerial vehicles may be remotely controlled or self-controlled by onboard computers . Aircraft may be classified by different criteria , such as lift type , aircraft propulsion , usage and others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orlando_Maldonado", "text": "Orlando Maldonado ( born May 21 , 1959 in Bayamon , Puerto Rico ) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico , who won the bronze medal in the men 's light flyweight ( - 48 kg ) division at the 1976 Summer Olympics . It was the second medal ever for Puerto Rico , after boxer Juan Evangelista Venegas captured the Bronze medal in 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_Blue_Devils", "text": "The Duke Blue Devils are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Duke University , located in Durham , North Carolina . Duke 's athletics department features 27 varsity teams that all compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I level . The name comes from the French les Diables Bleus or the Blue Devils , which was the nickname given during World War I to the Chasseurs Alpins , the French Alpine light infantry battalion . Duke joined the Southern Conference in 1929 , and left in 1953 to become a founder of the Atlantic Coast Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vaccinium", "text": "Vaccinium /vækˈsɪniəm/ is a common and widespread genus of shrubs or dwarf shrubs in the heath family ( Ericaceae ) . The fruits of many species are eaten by humans and some are of commercial importance , including the cranberry , blueberry , bilberry ( whortleberry ) , lingonberry ( cowberry ) , and huckleberry . Like many other ericaceous plants , they are generally restricted to acidic soils ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts", "text": "Massachusetts ( /ˌmæsəˈtʃuːsɪts/ ( listen ) , /-zɪts/ ) , officially known as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . It borders on the Atlantic Ocean to the east , the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south , New Hampshire and Vermont to the north , and New York to the west . The capital of Massachusetts is Boston , which is also the most populous city in New England . It is home to the Greater Boston metropolitan area , a region influential upon American history , academia , and industry . Originally dependent on agriculture , fishing and trade , Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution . During the 20th century , Massachusetts 's economy shifted from manufacturing to services . Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade . Plymouth was the site of the second colony in New England after Popham Colony in 1607 in what is now Maine . Plymouth was founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower . In 1692 , the town of Salem and surrounding areas experienced one of America 's most infamous cases of mass hysteria , the Salem witch trials . In 1777 , General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory , which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances , including interchangeable parts . In 1786 , Shays ' Rebellion , a populist revolt led by disaffected American Revolutionary War veterans , influenced the United States Constitutional Convention ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_H._McCormack_Award", "text": "The Official World Golf Ranking is a system for rating the performance level of male professional golfers . It was started in 1986 . The rankings are based on a player 's position in individual tournaments ( i.e . not pairs or team events ) over a rolling two-year period . New rankings are produced each week . During 2018 , nearly 400 tournaments on 20 tours were covered by the ranking system . All players competing in these tournaments are included in the rankings . In 2019 , 23 tours will factor into the world rankings . As well as being of general interest , the rankings have an additional importance , in that they are used as one of the qualifying criteria for entry into a number of leading tournaments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shanghai_Jiao_Tong_University", "text": "Shanghai Jiao Tong University ( SJTU ; Chinese : 上海交通大学 ) is a major research university in Shanghai . Established on April 8 , 1896 as Nanyang Public School by an imperial edict issued by the Guangxu Emperor , it has been referred to as The MIT of the East since the 1930s . It is renowned as one of the oldest , most prestigious and selective universities in China . Shanghai Jiao Tong is a C9 League university and a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_Line", "text": "In gridiron football , a lineman is a player who specializes in play at the line of scrimmage . The linemen of the team currently in possession of the ball are the offensive line , while linemen on the opposing team are the defensive line . A number of NFL rules specifically address restrictions and requirements for the offensive line , whose job is to help protect the quarterback from getting sacked for a loss , or worse , fumbling . The defensive line is covered by the same rules that apply to all defensive players . Linemen are usually the largest players on the field in both height and weight , since their positions usually require less running and more strength than skill positions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/State_Senator", "text": "A state senator is a member of a state 's senate , the upper house in the bicameral legislature of 49 U.S. states , or a member of the Nebraska Legislature , as it is unicameral ( i.e . one house ) . There are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state 's lower house . In the past , this meant that senators represented various geographic regions within a state , regardless of the population , as a way of balancing the power of the lower house , which was apportioned according to population . This system changed in 1963 , when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population . However , the single-member district system remained , and as a result , the State Senates became redundant bodies , as other solutions , such as abolition ( as in Canada ) or switching to statewide proportional representation ( as in Australia ) were not considered . A senator 's job is to represent the people at a higher level than a state representative in the lower house ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pleiku_Stadium", "text": "The Pleiku Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Pleiku , Vietnam . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Hoang Anh Gia Lai , or HAGL ( also a company ) . The stadium holds 13,000 people . Coordinates : 13°58′45″N 108°00′18″E / 13.979167°N 108.004918°E / 13.979167 ; 108.004918"}
{"title": "/wiki/Abhinav_Bindra", "text": "Abhinav Bindra ( born 28 September 1982 ) is an Indian businessman and retired professional shooter who is a World titlist and Olympian gold medalist in the 10-metre Air Rifle event . He has the co-distinction of bringing home to India its inaugural individual gold medal , from the 2008 Summer Olympics . It was also India 's first gold medal since 1980 , when the Men 's Field Hockey Team won the gold . He is the inaugural Indian to have held concurrently the World and Olympic titles for the Men 's 10 metre air rifle event : 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships . Bindra also won the Gold Medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow . In 2014 , Abhinav Bindra joined the GoSports Foundation , Bangalore as a member of their board of advisors . In collaboration with the GoSports Foundation , he will also provide support to India 's up and coming talented shooters through the Abhinav Bindra Shooting Development Programme . In May 2016 , the Indian Olympics Association ( IOA ) appointed Abhinav Bindra as the Goodwill Ambassador for Rio 2016 Olympics Indian Contingent . In the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics , Bindra finished 4th in the finals of the 10-metre Air Rifle Event . On 5 September 2016 , Abhinav Bindra announced his retirement . On 30 November 2018 , Bindra was bestowed with the prestigious Blue Cross , the ISSF 's highest shooting honour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016–17_NHL_season", "text": "The 2016-17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation ( 99th season of play ) of the National Hockey League . Thirty teams were competing in an 82-game regular season from October 12 , 2016 , to April 9 , 2017 . The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 12 and concluded on June 11 , with the Pittsburgh Penguins winning the Stanley Cup over the Nashville Predators in six games . On June 11 , the Pittsburgh Penguins became the first team to repeat as Stanley Cup champions since the Detroit Red Wings in 1997-98 , winning the franchise 's fifth Stanley Cup and their third in nine seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Figueirense", "text": "Figueirense Futebol Clube , also known as Figueirense ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ fiɡejˈɾẽsi ] ) , is a Brazilian football club based in Florianópolis , Santa Catarina . Their home stadium is Estádio Orlando Scarpelli , also known as Scarpelão , with a capacity of 19,584 . In the state of Santa Catarina , Figueirense is the club that more often participated in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , with 17 holdings by 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yuri_Titov", "text": "Yuri Yevlampiyevich Titov ( Russian : Юрий Евлампиевич Титов ; born 27 November 1935 ) is a former Russian gymnast , Olympic champion and four times world champion , who competed for the Soviet Union . He won a total of nine Olympic medals from three Olympic games ( 1956 , 1960 and 1964 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linebacker", "text": "A linebacker ( LB or backer ) is a playing position in gridiron football . Linebackers are members of the defensive team , and line up approximately three to five yards ( 4 m ) behind the line of scrimmage , behind the defensive linemen , and therefore back up the line . Linebackers generally align themselves before the ball is snapped by standing upright in a two-point stance ( as opposed to the defensive linemen , who put one or two hands on the ground for a three-point stance or four-point stance before the ball is snapped ) . The goal of the linebacker is to provide either extra run defense or extra pass defense based on the particular defensive play being executed . Another key play of the linebacker position is blitzing . A blitz occurs when a linebacker acts as an extra pass rusher running into any exposed gap . When a blitz is called by the defense , it is mainly to sack or hurry the opposing offense 's quarterback . Linebackers are often regarded as the most important position in defense , due to their versatility in providing hard hits on running plays or an additional layer of pass defense , when required . Similar to the free safety position , linebackers are required to use their judgment on every snap , to determine their role during that particular play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sachseln", "text": "Sachseln is a village and municipality in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland . Besides the village of Sachseln , the municipality includes the hamlets of Edisried , Ewil and Flüeli-Ranft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes_AMG_High_Performance_Powertrains", "text": "Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains ( previously known as Ilmor Engineering and Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines ) is a British Formula One engine manufacturer , owned by Mercedes-Benz . The company supplied Sauber during the 1994 season , McLaren from 1995 to 2014 , Force India from 2009 to 2018 , Brawn in 2009 , the Mercedes factory team since 2010 , Williams since 2014 , Lotus in 2015 , Manor Racing in 2016 , Racing Point Force India in 2018 and Racing Point since 2018 . Their engines have won eight Formula One Constructors ' Championships and ten Drivers ' Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jenson_Button", "text": "Jenson Alexander Lyons Button MBE ( born 19 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver and former Formula One driver . He won the 2009 Formula One World Championship , driving for Brawn GP . He currently competes in the Japanese Super GT Series driving a Honda NSX-GT for Team Kunimitsu , in which he won the title in 2018 . Button began karting at the age of eight and achieved early success , before progressing to car racing in the British Formula Ford Championship and the British Formula 3 Championship . He first drove in Formula One with Williams for the 2000 season . The following year he switched to Benetton , which in 2002 became Renault , and then for the 2003 season he moved to BAR . In 2004 he finished 3rd in the World Drivers ' Championship , with only the two Ferraris ahead of him . BAR was subsequently renamed Honda for the 2006 season , during which Button won his first Grand Prix in Hungary , after 113 races . Following the withdrawal of Honda from the sport in December 2008 , he was left without a drive for the 2009 season , until Ross Brawn led a management buyout of the team in February 2009 , and Button suddenly found himself in a highly competitive , Mercedes-engined car . He went on to win a record-tying six of the first seven races of the 2009 season , securing the World Drivers ' Championship at the Brazilian Grand Prix , having led on points all season ; his success also helped Brawn GP to secure the World Constructors ' Championship . For 2010 , he moved to McLaren , partnering fellow British racer and former World Champion Lewis Hamilton . After finishing fifth for the team in 2010 , Button finished the 2011 season as runner-up ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orange_Cove,_California", "text": "Orange Cove is a city in Fresno County , California , United States . The population was 9,078 at the 2010 census , up from 7,722 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Broadcasting_Company", "text": "The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American commercial broadcast radio and television network owned by the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company . The network is headquartered in Burbank , California , on Riverside Drive , directly across the street from Walt Disney Studios and adjacent to the Roy E. Disney Animation Building . The network 's secondary offices , and headquarters of its news division , is in New York City , at its broadcast center at 77 West 66th Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . Since 2007 , when ABC Radio ( also known as Cumulus Media Networks ) was sold to Citadel Broadcasting , ABC has reduced its broadcasting operations almost exclusively to television . It is the fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks . ABC is nicknamed The Alphabet Network , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order . ABC launched as a radio network on October 12 , 1943 , serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network , which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble . It extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks CBS and NBC . In the mid-1950s , ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres , a chain of movie theaters that formerly operated as a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures . Leonard Goldenson , who had been the head of UPT , made the new television network profitable by helping develop and greenlight many successful series . In the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 percent interest in cable sports channel ESPN , the network 's corporate parent , American Broadcasting Companies , Inc. , merged with Capital Cities Communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . In 1996 , most of Capital Cities/ABC 's assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ram_Shakal", "text": "Ram Shakal is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party . He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Robertsganj in Uttar Pradesh in 1996,1998 and 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westlake,_Ohio", "text": "Westlake is a city in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . It is a suburb of Cleveland located 12 miles west of downtown Cleveland . The population was 32,729 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kumkum_–_Ek_Pyara_Sa_Bandhan", "text": "Kumkum - Ek Pyara Sa Bandhan ( Hindustani pronunciation : [ ˈkʊmkʊm ] ; English : A Lovely Bond ) is a popular Afternoon Indian television series that aired on Star Plus from 15 July 2002 to 13 March 2009 at 1 pm IST . Hussain Kuwajerwala and Juhi Parmar play the leading roles as Sumit and Kumkum .It remains one of the longest-running successful shows on Indian television in the afternoon slot with a total run of seven years from 2002 to early 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bocaue,_Bulacan", "text": "Bocaue , officially the Municipality of Bocaue ( Tagalog : Bayan ng Bocaue ) , is a 1st class municipality in the province of Bulacan , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 119,675 people . With the continuous expansion of Metro Manila , the town is now part of the metropolis ' built-up area , which reaches San Ildefonso municipality at Bulacan 's northernmost part and continues on into Nueva Ecija province . The Bocaue River runs through most of the town . Among its tourist attractions are a town museum located near the municipality 's center and the town 's river festival celebrated on the first Sunday of every July . The river festival is in commemoration of the Holy Cross of Wawa , believed to be miraculous by the town 's predominating Roman Catholic populace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hart_County_Hospital", "text": "The Ty Cobb Healthcare System in Royston in the US state of Georgia began as a single hospital in 1950 , with a donation by baseball player Ty Cobb . Since then it grew to include a new medical center , smaller local health centers , and hospitals . Ty Cobb Healthcare System is a private self-supporting nonprofit health care organization consisting of Cobb Memorial Hospital , Cobb Memorial Outpatient Diagnostic Center , Brown Memorial Convalescent Center , Cobb Health Care Center , Home Base Health Services , Hart County Hospital , Cobb Center Apartments , Inc. and Ty Cobb Regional Medical Center . Building the latter medical center ( in 2010 ) made the system run a debt of over $ 60 million ; in 2015 , the Ty Cobb Regional Medical was taken over by St. Mary 's Health Care and its parent , Trinity Health , for $ 12.9 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church,_South_(Bald_Knob,_Arkansas)", "text": "The First United Methodist Church , once the Methodist Episcopal Church , South , is a historic church at Main and Center Sts . in Bald Knob , Arkansas . It is a single story frame structure , finished in brick , that was built in 1927 with a distinctive blend of Craftsman and Tudor Revival elements . Its gable end is finished in half-timbered stucco , with a projecting bay of diamond-pane windows . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NRG_Energy", "text": "NRG Energy , Inc. is a large American energy company , dual-headquartered in Princeton , New Jersey and Houston , Texas . It was formerly the wholesale arm of Northern States Power Company ( NSP ) , which became Xcel Energy , but became independent in 2000 . NRG Energy is involved in energy generation and retail electricity . Their portfolio includes nuclear generation , coal generation , wind generation , utility scale generation , distributed solar generation , and oil generation . NRG serves 2.9 million retail customers in Texas , Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , and the District of Columbia . NRG Energy has acquired eleven other energy companies , both generation and retail , that include Reliant Energy , XOOM Energy , Green Mountain Energy , Stream Energy and Cirro Energy . As of 2018 , they generate 23,000 MW of energy from 40 power plants across the country . They incorporate a range of sales channels for retail customers , including call centers , direct sales , websites , brokers , and brick-and-mortar stores . Their wholesale generation services include plant operations , commercial operations , energy services , distributed generation services , and energy , procurement , and construction ( EPC ) services ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2016_Group_D", "text": "Group D of UEFA Euro 2016 contained defending European champion Spain , Czech Republic , Turkey and Croatia . This Euro 2016 group was the only with two former European champions - Spain ( 3 times ) and Czech Republic ( 1 time , as Czechoslovakia ) . Matches were played from 12 to 21 June 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rice_High_School_(New_York)", "text": "Rice High School was a private , Roman Catholic , college preparatory high school in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City , United States . It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York . It held its final graduation ceremony on May 27 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moonah_Classic", "text": "The Moonah Classic was a golf tournament co-sanctioned by the PGA Tour of Australasia and the Nationwide Tour . It was played for the first time from 21-24 February 2008 at Moonah Links on the Mornington Peninsula , Victoria , Australia . The 2010 purse was US $ 700,000 . The tournament replaced the Jacob 's Creek Open Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Hawthorne", "text": "Frank Christopher Hawthorne CC FRSC ( born 8 January 1946 in Bristol , England ) is a Canadian mineralogist and crystallographer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classical_Revival_architecture", "text": "Neoclassical architecture is an architectural style produced by the neoclassical movement that began in the mid-18th century in Italy and France . In its purest form , it is a style principally derived from the architecture of classical antiquity , the Vitruvian principles , and the work of the Italian architect Andrea Palladio . The development of archaeology was crucial in the emergence of Neoclassical architecture . Excavation sites like those in Pompeii and Herculaneum allowed architects to make in depth interpretations of Classical architecture and synthesize their own unique style . In form , neoclassical architecture emphasizes the wall rather than chiaroscuro and maintains separate identities to each of its parts . The style is manifested both in its details as a reaction against the Rococo style of naturalistic ornament , and in its architectural formulae as an outgrowth of some classicising features of the Late Baroque architectural tradition . Therefore , the style defined by symmetry , simple geometry , and social demands instead of ornament . Neoclassical architecture is still designed today , but may be labelled New Classical Architecture for contemporary buildings . In Central and Eastern Europe , the style is usually referred to as Classicism , while the newer revival styles of the 19th century until today are called neoclassical ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Special_Places_of_Scenic_Beauty,_Special_Historic_Sites_and_Special_Natural_Monuments", "text": "To protect Japan 's cultural heritage , the country 's government selects through the Agency for Cultural Affairs important items and designates them as Cultural Properties under the Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties . Designated items are classified in a number of categories , one of which is Monuments ( 記念物 , kinenbutsu ) . This category includes historic locations such as shell mounds , ancient tombs , sites of palaces , sites of forts or castles , monumental dwelling houses and other sites of high historical or scientific value ; gardens , bridges , gorges , mountains , and other places of great scenic beauty ; and natural features such as animals , plants , and geological or mineral formations of high scientific value . The government further designates significant monuments classifying them in three categories : Historic Sites ( 史跡 , shiseki ) , Places of Scenic Beauty ( 名勝 , meishō ) , and Natural Monuments ( 天然記念物 , tennen kinenbutsu ) . Items of particularly high significance receive higher classifications : Special Historic Sites ( 特別史跡 , tokubetsu shiseki ) , Special Places of Scenic Beauty ( 特別名勝 , tokubetsu meishō ) , and Special Natural Monuments ( 特別天然記念物 , tokubetsu tennen kinenbutsu ) respectively . As of November 15 , 2019 there are 1,031 Natural Monuments , 1846 Historic Sites , 422 Places of Scenic Beauty , 75 Special Natural Monuments , 36 Special Places of Scenic Beauty and 63 Special Historic Sites . Since a single item can fall under more than one of these categories , the total number of sites is less than the sum of designations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_De_Mello_Trophy", "text": "The Anthony de Mello Trophy is awarded to the winner of the England-India Test Cricket series held in India . The trophy was instituted in 1951 , when England toured India for a 5-Test-Match series . The trophy is named after Anthony de Mello , an Indian cricket administrator and one of the founders of the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) . When the series is held in England , the England-India Test cricket series is played for the Pataudi Trophy . That trophy was instituted by the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) in 2007 to mark the 75th anniversary of the first England-India Test series held in England in 1932 . The trophy was named after the Pataudi cricketing family . In 2012 , the Pataudi family requested to make the Pataudi Trophy the winner 's prize in India as well as England . However , the BCCI said it would not rename the trophy awarded in India . In 2012 , England won the Anthony De Mello Trophy . It was England 's first series win in India since 1984-85 . In 2016-17 , India regained the trophy after winning the series 4-0 under the captaincy of Virat Kohli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Thumb_and_Thumbelina", "text": "The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina is a 2002 direct-to-video animated film directed by Glenn Chaika and starring Elijah Wood , Jennifer Love Hewitt , Peter Gallagher , and Jon Stewart . Produced by Miramax Films and Hyperion Animation , the film was distributed by Buena Vista Home Video ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arrows_Grand_Prix_International", "text": "Arrows Grand Prix International was a British Formula One team active from 1978 to 2002 . It was known as Footwork from 1991 to 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wagner_(film)", "text": "Wagner is a 1983 television miniseries on the life of Richard Wagner . The title role was played by Richard Burton . It was directed by Tony Palmer and written by Charles Wood . The film was later released on DVD as a ten-part miniseries . Other main roles were played by Vanessa Redgrave , Gemma Craven , Marthe Keller , Ronald Pickup , Miguel Herz-Kestranek and László Gálffi . Sir John Gielgud , Sir Ralph Richardson and Sir Laurence Olivier played ministers of Ludwig II of Bavaria . The music of Wagner was specially recorded for the film , and conducted by Sir Georg Solti ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clementi_Stadium", "text": "The Clementi Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Clementi , Singapore . It has a seating capacity of 4,000 . It is managed by the Singapore Sports Council , which took it over on February 21 , 1983 , and opened it to the public on April 1 the same year . It used to be Tanjong Pagar United FC , Home United FC and Tampines Rovers FC 's home ground . Rallies prior to the 2011 Singaporean general election by the Reform Party ( Singapore ) were held here ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marion_Cotillard", "text": "Marion Cotillard ( French : [ maʁjɔ̃ kɔtijaʁ ] ( listen ) ; born 30 September 1975 ) is a French actress , singer-songwriter , musician , and environmentalist . She is the recipient of an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , two César Awards , a European Award , and a Lumières Award . She became a Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters in France in 2010 , and was promoted to Officer in 2016 . Cotillard had her first English-language role in the television series Highlander ( 1993 ) and made her film debut in The Story of a Boy Who Wanted to Be Kissed ( 1994 ) . Her breakthrough came in the successful French film Taxi ( 1998 ) , which earned her a César Award nomination . She made the transition into Hollywood in Tim Burton 's Big Fish ( 2003 ) , and subsequently appeared in A Very Long Engagement ( 2004 ) , for which she won her first César Award . For her portrayal of French singer Édith Piaf in La Vie en Rose ( 2007 ) , Cotillard won her second César Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Lumières Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress , becoming the first and ( as of 2020 ) only actor to win an Academy Award for a French-language performance , and also the second actress and one of only six actors to have won this award for a foreign language performance . Her performances in Nine ( 2009 ) and Rust and Bone ( 2012 ) garnered Cotillard two Golden Globe nominations , and for Two Days , One Night ( 2014 ) , she earned a second Academy Award nomination for Best Actress , which was also her second nomination for a French-language film . Cotillard became one of only six actors to receive multiple Academy Award nominations for foreign language performances . Cotillard played Joan of Arc on stage in different countries between 2005 and 2015 in the oratorio Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher . Her English-language films include Public Enemies ( 2009 ) , Inception ( 2010 ) , The Dark Knight Rises ( 2012 ) , Macbeth ( 2015 ) , and Allied ( 2016 ) . She provided voice acting for the animated films The Little Prince ( 2015 ) , April and the Extraordinary World ( 2015 ) and the French version of Minions ( 2015 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2012", "text": "The 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on Thursday , November 15 , 2012 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . It was the fifth time the awards was held at this venue and in Las Vegas . It also marks the last year in the Latin Recording Academy 's contract where the Mandalay Bay Events Center hosted . It is unknown if the awards will continue to be held at this location beyond 2012 . Recordings must have been released between July 1 , 2011 and June 30 , 2012 in order to be eligible for the 13th Latin Grammy Awards . Nominations were announced on September 25 , 2012 . Juan Luis Guerra led the nominations field with six ; Jesse & Joy earned five nods ; Ricardo Arjona , Edgar Barrera , Juanes , Carla Morrison , Arturo Sandoval , Ivete Sangalo , and Caetano Veloso each received four nominations . The telecast was aired on Univision at 8pm/7c . Caetano Veloso was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 14 , 2012 . Jesse & Joy won four awards including Record of the Year and Song of the Year for ¡Corre ! , Juanes took the Album of the Year for MTV Unplugged and 3BallMTY was named Best New Artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baron_Davis", "text": "Baron Walter Louis Davis ( born April 13 , 1979 ) is an American former professional basketball player who is a studio analyst for The NBA on TNT . He is a two-time NBA All-Star . He was drafted with the third overall pick in the 1999 NBA draft by the Charlotte Hornets . He also played in the NBA for the New Orleans Hornets , Golden State Warriors , Los Angeles Clippers , Cleveland Cavaliers and New York Knicks . Davis played college basketball for UCLA , where he was an All-American honoree before turning professional after his sophomore year . He was a star high school player while at Crossroads School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London", "text": "London is the capital and largest city of England and of the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south-east of England , at the head of its 50-mile ( 80 km ) estuary leading to the North Sea , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . Londinium was founded by the Romans . The City of London , London 's ancient core − an area of just 1.12 square miles ( 2.9 km2 ) and colloquially known as the Square Mile − retains boundaries that closely follow its medieval limits . [ note 1 ] The City of Westminster is also an Inner London borough holding city status . Greater London is governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly . [ note 2 ] London is considered to be one of the world 's most important global cities and has been termed the world 's most powerful , most desirable , most influential , most visited , most expensive , innovative , sustainable , most investment friendly , and most popular for work city . London exerts a considerable impact upon the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism and transportation . London ranks 26th out of 300 major cities for economic performance . It is one of the largest financial centres and has either the fifth or the sixth largest metropolitan area GDP . [ note 3 ] It is the most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the busiest city airport system as measured by passenger traffic . It is the leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winx_Club", "text": "Winx Club is an Italian-American [ a ] animated television series created by Iginio Straffi and co-produced by Rainbow SpA and Nickelodeon . It is set in a magical universe that is inhabited by fairies , witches , and other mythical creatures . The show follows a fairy warrior named Bloom as she enrolls at Alfea College to train and hone her skills . The series uses a serial format that has an ongoing storyline , with individual story arcs comprising each season . It premiered on 28 January 2004 , becoming a ratings success in Italy and on Nickelodeon networks internationally . Iginio Straffi initially outlined the show 's plot to last three seasons . He chose to continue the story for a fourth season in 2009 . Around this time , Winx Club 's popularity attracted the attention of the American media company Viacom , owner of Nickelodeon . Viacom purchased 30% of the show 's animation studio , Rainbow SpA , and Nickelodeon became a co-producer of the series . Production on the fifth , sixth , and seventh seasons was divided between Rainbow and Nickelodeon Animation Studio . To attract an American audience , Viacom assembled a voice cast of Nickelodeon actors ( including Elizabeth Gillies and Ariana Grande ) , invested US $ 100 million in advertising for the series , and inducted Winx Club into Nickelodeon 's franchise of Nicktoons . Beginning in 2010 , episodes of Winx Club have been jointly written with Nickelodeon 's American team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Spirit_of_the_Hawk", "text": "The Spirit of the Hawk is a country-dance song by the Swedish band Rednex , released from their second album , Farm Out . The lyrics include the spoken lines My people , some of them , have run away to the hills , and have no shelter , no food . No one knows where they are . Hear me , my chiefs ! I am tired ; my heart is sick and sad . I will fight no more. , taken from Chief Joseph 's famous speech . The song was successful in Europe , where it topped the charts in Austria and Germany , while also reaching the Top 3 in some other countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1943_Ashford_by-election", "text": "The Ashford by-election of 1943 was held on 10 February 1943 . The by-election was held due to the appointment as Chief Justice of India of the incumbent Conservative MP , Patrick Spens . It was won by the Conservative candidate Edward Percy Smith ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Mond,_4th_Baron_Melchett", "text": "Peter Robert Henry Mond , 4th Baron Melchett ( 24 February 1948 - 29 August 2018 ) , also known as Peter Melchett , was an English jurist and politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taekwondo_at_the_1994_Asian_Games", "text": "Taekwondo took place from October 8 to October 9 at the 1994 Asian Games in Aki Ward Sports Center , Hiroshima , Japan . Men 's competitions held in eight weight categories for each . Each country was limited to having 4 athletes for the entire competition . South Korea topped the medal table by winning all four possible gold medals"}
{"title": "/wiki/Cristiano_da_Matta", "text": "Cristiano Monteiro da Matta ( born 19 September 1973 ) is a Brazilian former professional racing driver . He won the CART Championship in 2002 , and drove in Formula One with the Toyota team from 2003 to 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego_State_Aztecs_baseball", "text": "The San Diego State Aztecs baseball team is the college baseball program that represents the San Diego State University . Along with the university 's other athletic teams , the baseball team became a member of the Mountain West Conference during the 1999-00 academic year . Previously , the baseball program competed in the Western Athletic Conference . The Aztecs play in Tony Gwynn Stadium , on the SDSU campus in San Diego , California . From 2003 until his death in 2014 , Tony Gwynn was the program 's head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Mahwit", "text": "Al Mahwit ( Arabic : المحويت Al-Maḥwīt ) is the capital city of Al Mahwit Governorate , Yemen . It is located at an elevation of about 2000 metres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heart_That's_Pounding", "text": "Heart That 's Pounding is an album by Sally Seltmann , released on 6 April 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ahmedabad", "text": "Ahmedabad ( /ˈəhmədɑːbɑːd/ ( listen ) , pronounced as Amdavad in Gujarati ) is the largest city and former capital of the Indian state of Gujarat . It is the administrative headquarters of the Ahmedabad district and the seat of the Gujarat High Court . Ahmedabad 's population of 5,633,927 ( as per 2011 population census ) makes it the fifth-most populous city in India , and the encompassing urban agglomeration population estimated at 6,357,693 is the seventh-most populous in India . Ahmedabad is located on the banks of the Sabarmati River , 23 km ( 14 mi ) from the state capital Gandhinagar , which is its twin city . Ahmedabad has emerged as an important economic and industrial hub in India . It is the second-largest producer of cotton in India , and its stock exchange is the country 's second oldest . Cricket is a popular sport in Ahmedabad , which houses the 54,000-seat Sardar Patel Stadium . The effects of liberalisation of the Indian economy have energised the city 's economy towards tertiary sector activities such as commerce , communication and construction . Ahmedabad 's increasing population has resulted in an increase in the construction and housing industries resulting in recent development of skyscrapers . In 2010 Ahmedabad was ranked third in Forbes 's list of fastest growing cities of the decade . In 2012 , The Times of India chose Ahmedabad as India 's best city to live in . As of 2014 , Ahmedabad 's estimated gross domestic product was $ 64 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alabama", "text": "Alabama ( /ˌæləˈbæmə/ ) is a state in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered by Tennessee to the north , Georgia to the east , Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south , and Mississippi to the west . Alabama is the 30th largest by area and the 24th-most populous of the U.S. states . With a total of 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) of inland waterways , Alabama has among the most of any state . Alabama is nicknamed the Yellowhammer State , after the state bird . Alabama is also known as the Heart of Dixie and the Cotton State . The state tree is the longleaf pine , and the state flower is the camellia . Alabama 's capital is Montgomery . The largest city by population is Birmingham , which has long been the most industrialized city ; the largest city by land area is Huntsville . The oldest city is Mobile , founded by French colonists in 1702 as the capital of French Louisiana . The Greater Birmingham metropolitan area is Alabama 's most populous urban area . From the American Civil War until World War II , Alabama , like many states in the southern U.S. , suffered economic hardship , in part because of its continued dependence on agriculture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sipoo", "text": "Sipoo ( Finnish pronunciation : [ ˈsipoː ] ; Swedish : Sibbo ) is a municipality of Finland . Its seat is in Nikkilä ( Nickby ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_1500_metres", "text": "The men 's 1500 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium from August 20 to 24 . The first round comprised three heats with the first five gaining a direct qualification and then the next nine fastest across all heats progressing to the semifinals . The top five runners in each of the two semifinal heats moved on directly to the final , and they were immediately joined by the next two fastest from any of the semifinals . World record holder Hicham El Guerrouj came into the race with a target on his back . Though El Guerrouj had won four straight World Championships , he had failed to win the previous Olympics , falling with a lap to go in his breakthrough year of 1996 and being beaten to the line in 2000 by the same Noah Ngeny who had chased El Guerrouj to the mile world record a year earlier . Ngeny was not back but bronze medalist Bernard Lagat was , seeking to finally beat El Guerrouj . Lagat had the potential assistance of two Kenyan teammates , but El Guerrouj also had his teammate Adil Kaouch make the final and Kaouch had previously sacrificed himself by acting as a pacesetter leading El Guerrouj to the 1999 and 2001 world titles . Because of the assistance , El Guerrouj 's ability in a strategic race was suspect . Off the line , the three Kenyan runners took the lead and formed a wall keeping the field behind as they slowed the pace ; El Guerrouj could not run away from the start and the race would be strategic . With 500 metres to go , El Guerrouj worked his way to the front , with a line of kickers including Lagat , Reyes Estevez , Ivan Heshko and the unknown Mulugeta Wendimu lined up behind him . Down the backstretch , Lagat stayed a step behind El Guerrouj as other speedsters jockeyed for position and then fell back . From deep in the pack ( dead last with less than 500 metres to go ) , Rui Silva was on the outside passing the others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honda_Lock_SC", "text": "Honda Lock S.C. ( ホンダロックSC , Honda Rokku Esu Shī ) are a Japanese football ( soccer ) club based in Miyazaki , the capital city of Miyazaki Prefecture . They play in the Japan Football League . Their team colour is red ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeju_World_Cup_Stadium", "text": "Jeju World Cup Stadium is a football stadium with a 35,657-person capacity that is located in the city of Seogwipo on the South Korean Jeju Province and is the home of Jeju United . The design of the stadium which is in the shape of mouth of a volcano is based on Jeju Islands natural environment and its sea surroundings . The roof of Jeju World Cup Stadium is in the form of nets of traditional fishing boats in Jeju . Jeju hosted several matches of the 2002 FIFA World Cup , after which about 7,000 changeable seats on the upper eastern stand were transferred to the Gangchanghak Practice Stadium , making the total seating capacity in the main stadium 35,657 . It also hosted some matches of the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boroughbridge_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Boroughbridge was a parliamentary borough in Yorkshire from 1553 until 1832 , when it was abolished under the Great Reform Act . Throughout its existence it was represented by two Members of Parliament in the House of Commons . The constituency consisted of the market town of Boroughbridge in the parish of Aldborough ( which was also a borough with two MPs of its own ) . By 1831 it contained only 154 houses , and had a population of 947 . Boroughbridge was a burgage borough , meaning that the right to vote was vested in the tenants of certain specified properties , of which there seem to have been about 65 by the time the borough was abolished . Since these properties could be freely bought and sold , the effective power of election rested with whoever owned the majority of the burgages ( who , if necessary , could simply assign the tenancies to reliable placemen shortly before an election ) . For more than a century before the Reform Act , Boroughbridge was owned by the Dukes of Newcastle , who controlled around fifteen seats across the country ; however , in the 1790s , they sold one of the seats for £4,000 to the banker Thomas Coutts , who used it to put his son-in-law , Francis Burdett , into Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_East_Bedfordshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "North East Bedfordshire is a constituency [ n 1 ] represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 2001 to 2019 by Alistair Burt , elected as a Conservative . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Maine_Maritime_Academy", "text": "Maine Maritime Academy is a public college and nautical training institution in Castine , Maine . The academy was established by the 90th Maine Legislature on March 21 , 1941 . Unlike federal service academies , a congressional recommendation is not required to attend this state school . Students are not obligated to go to sea or into the military after graduation , and a large portion of the graduating class chooses shore-side employment , often in maritime related fields or the power generation industry . Maine Maritime Academy is one of six , non-federal , maritime training colleges in the United States and one of only two that fields a Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps ( NROTC ) unit . The college is affiliated under the New England Association of Schools and Colleges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_in_film", "text": "2016 in film is an overview of events , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies , festivals , and a list of films released and deaths ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Andersson_(water_polo)", "text": "Robert Theodor Andersson ( 18 October 1886 , Stockholm - 2 March 1972 ) was a Swedish water polo player , diver , and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics , in the 1908 Summer Olympics , in the 1912 Summer Olympics , and in the 1920 Summer Olympics . He was part of the Swedish team , which was able to win three consecutive medals . He also competed in several swimming events from 1906 to 1920 . In 1906 , 1908 and 1912 he also participated in diving competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long_Branch,_New_Jersey", "text": "Long Branch is a beachside city in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city 's population was 30,719 , reflecting a decline of 621 ( -2.0% ) from the 31,340 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 2,682 ( +9.4% ) from the 28,658 counted in the 1990 Census . Long Branch was formed on April 11 , 1867 , as the Long Branch Commission , from portions of Ocean Township . Long Branch was incorporated as a city by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 8 , 1903 , based on the results of a referendum , replacing the Long Branch Commission ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiran_Island", "text": "Tiran ( Arabic : جزيرة تيران Jezîret Tīrān , Jazīrat Tīrān , ( Egyptian Arabic : [ ɡeˈziːɾet tɪˈɾæːn ] [ citation needed ] ) and Yotvat Island , is an island within the maritime borders of Saudi Arabia that was administered by Egypt in the past . However , sovereignty of the two Red Sea islands , Tiran and Sanafir , was ceded officially to Saudi Arabia as part of a maritime borders agreement between Egypt and Saudi Arabia . The agreement subsequently was approved by the Egyptian Parliament and finally ratified by the Egyptian President on 24 June 2017 . The island is located at the entrance of the Straits of Tiran , which connects the Red Sea to the Gulf of Aqaba . It has an area of about 80 square kilometres ( 31 square miles ) . It is part of the Ras Muhammad National Park . The Straits of Tiran is Israel 's only access from the Gulf of Aqaba to the Red Sea , and Egypt 's blockade of the Straits of Tiran on 22 May 1967 was the casus belli for Israel in the Six-Day War . Tiran Island is of strategic significance in the area , as it forms the narrowest section of the Straits of Tiran , which is an important sea passage to the major ports of Aqaba in Jordan and Eilat in Israel . Israel briefly took over Tiran Island during the Suez Crisis and again from 1967 to 1982 following the Six-Day War . The island is inhabited only by military personnel from Egypt and the Multinational Force and Observers ( MFO ) . Chisholm Point is a cape of Tiran Island . Some sources report that many beaches on the island are mined ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tacna", "text": "Tacna is a city in southern Peru and the regional capital of the Tacna Region . A very commercially active city , it is located only 35 km ( 22 mi ) north of the border with Arica y Parinacota Region from Chile , inland from the Pacific Ocean and in the valley of the Caplina River . It is Peru 's tenth most populous city . Initially called San Pedro de Tacna , it has gained a reputation for patriotism , with many monuments and streets named after heroes of Peru 's struggle for independence ( 1821-1824 ) and the War of the Pacific ( 1879-1883 ) . Residents of Tacna are known in Spanish as tacneños ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aragua", "text": "Aragua State ( Spanish : Estado Aragua , IPA : [ esˈtaðo aˈɾaɣwa ] ) is located in the north-central region of Venezuela . It has plains and jungles and Caribbean beaches . The most popular are Cata and Choroni . It has Venezuela 's first national park which is called Henri Pittier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami-Fort_Lauderdale-West_Palm_Beach,_FL_MSA", "text": "The Miami metropolitan area , also known as the Greater Miami Area or South Florida , is the 72nd largest metropolitan area in the world and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in the United States . Located in southern Florida with 6,198,782 inhabitants as of 2018 , the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and second largest in the southeastern United States . It extends about 120 miles ( 190 km ) from north to south . The metropolitan area is defined by the Office of Management and Budget as the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach , FL ( MSA ) , consisting of Miami-Dade , Broward , and Palm Beach counties , a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies . Its land area is 6,137 sq . mi ( 15,890 km2 ) . Miami-Dade , Broward , and Palm Beach counties are the first , second , and third most populous counties in Florida , and Miami-Dade , with 2,761,581 people in 2018 , is the seventh most populous county in the United States . The three counties together are known as the Greater Miami Area and have principal cities including Miami , Fort Lauderdale , West Palm Beach , Hialeah , Pembroke Pines and Boca Raton . Besides its association with the South Florida region , which includes the Everglades and the Florida Keys , it is also synonymous with an area known collectively as the Gold Coast . The Census Bureau also defines a wider region based on commuting patterns , the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Port St. Lucie , FL Combined Statistical Area ( CSA ) , with an estimated population of 6,723,472 in 2016 . This includes the four additional counties of Martin , St. Lucie , Indian River , and Okeechobee . Because the population of South Florida is largely confined to a strip of land between the Atlantic Ocean and the Everglades , the Miami urbanized area ( that is , the area of contiguous urban development ) is about 100 miles ( 160 km ) long ( north to south ) , but never more than 20 miles ( 32 km ) wide , and in some areas only 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) wide ( east to west ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bimini", "text": "Bimini /ˈbɪmɪniː/ is the westernmost district of the Bahamas and comprises a chain of islands located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) due east of Miami . Bimini is the closest point in the Bahamas to the mainland United States and approximately 210 km ( 130 mi ) west-northwest of Nassau . The population is 1,988 as of the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gothenburg", "text": "Gothenburg ( /ˈɡɒθənbɜːrɡ/ ( listen ) ; abbreviated Gbg ; Swedish : Göteborg [ jœtɛˈbɔrj ] ( listen ) ) is the second-largest city in Sweden , fifth-largest in the Nordic countries , and capital of the Västra Götaland County . It is situated by Kattegat , on the west coast of Sweden , and has a population of approximately 570,000 in the city proper and about 1 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area . Gothenburg was founded as a heavily fortified , primarily Dutch , trading colony , by royal charter in 1621 by King Gustavus Adolphus . In addition to the generous privileges ( e.g . tax relaxation ) given to his Dutch allies from the then-ongoing Thirty Years ' War , the king also attracted significant numbers of his German and Scottish allies to populate his only town on the western coast . At a key strategic location at the mouth of the Göta älv , where Scandinavia 's largest drainage basin enters the sea , the Port of Gothenburg is now the largest port in the Nordic countries . Gothenburg is home to many students , as the city includes the University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology . Volvo was founded in Gothenburg in 1927 . The original parent Volvo Group and the now separate Volvo Car Corporation are still headquartered on the island of Hisingen in the city . Other key companies are SKF and Astra Zeneca . Gothenburg is served by Göteborg Landvetter Airport 30 km ( 19 mi ) southeast of the city center . The smaller Göteborg City Airport , 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the city center , was closed to regular airline traffic in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felipe_Massa", "text": "Felipe Massa ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ fiˈlipi ˈmasɐ ] , born 25 April 1981 ) is a Brazilian Formula E and former Formula One racing driver . He competed in 15 seasons of Formula One between 2002 and 2017 , where he scored 11 Grand Prix victories , 41 podiums and finished as championship runner-up in 2008 . Massa started his career in go-karting from the age of eight continuing in national and regional championships for seven years . He moved into Formula Chevrolet and claimed the championship . He moved in Italian Formula Renault in 2000 and won the title along with the European championship . Massa went into Euro Formula 3000 taking the championship in 2001 . Massa started his Formula One career with Sauber before joining Scuderia Ferrari as a test driver for 2003 . He returned to Sauber for 2004 and 2005 before rejoining Ferrari where he won two races in 2006 including his home Grand Prix becoming the first Brazilian since Ayrton Senna to win the Brazilian Grand Prix . Massa won three races in 2007 , finishing 4th in the Drivers ' Championship . He finished second in the 2008 Drivers ' World Championship after a long title battle with Lewis Hamilton , winning six races to Hamilton 's five . At the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix , Massa was injured by a suspension spring off the Brawn GP car of Rubens Barrichello . Massa was forced to miss the rest of the season but returned in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Columbia_University", "text": "Columbia University ( also known as Columbia , and officially as Columbia University in the City of New York ) is a private Ivy League research university in New York City . Established in 1754 on the grounds of Trinity Church in Manhattan , Columbia is the oldest institution of higher education in New York and the fifth-oldest institution of higher learning in the United States . It is one of nine colonial colleges founded prior to the Declaration of Independence , seven of which belong to the Ivy League . It has been ranked by numerous major education publications as among the top ten universities in the world . Columbia was established as King 's College by royal charter of George II of Great Britain in reaction to the founding of Princeton University in New Jersey . It was renamed Columbia College in 1784 following the American Revolution , and in 1787 was placed under a private board of trustees headed by former students Alexander Hamilton and John Jay . In 1896 , the campus was moved to its current location in Morningside Heights and renamed Columbia University . Columbia scientists and scholars have played an important role in the development of notable scientific fields and breakthroughs including : brain-computer interface ; the laser and maser ; nuclear magnetic resonance ; the first nuclear pile ; the first nuclear fission reaction in the Americas ; Thomas Hunt Morgan 's drosophila experiment - considered the origin of modern genetics ; the first evidence for plate tectonics and continental drift ; and much of the initial research and planning of the Manhattan Project during World War II . The Columbia University Physics Department has been affiliated with 33 Nobel Prize winners as alumni , faculty or research staff , the third most of any American institution behind MIT and Harvard . In addition , 22 Nobel Prize winners in Physiology or Medicine have been affiliated with Columbia , the third most of any American institution . The university 's research efforts include the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory , Goddard Institute for Space Studies and accelerator laboratories with major technology firms such as IBM . Columbia is one of the fourteen founding members of the Association of American Universities and was the first school in the United States to grant the M.D ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rooksdown", "text": "Rooksdown is a civil parish in the Basingstoke and Deane district of Hampshire , England . The parish was formed on 1 April 2004 . It covers a small estate in the north-west of Basingstoke which was previously part of the parish of Sherborne St. John , itself originally part of the Vyne estate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984–85_NHL_season", "text": "The 1984-85 NHL season was the 68th season of the National Hockey League . The Edmonton Oilers won their second straight Stanley Cup by beating the Philadelphia Flyers four games to one in the final series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tinker_Juarez", "text": "David Juarez ( born March 4 , 1961 ) is an American former professional BMX and cross-country mountain bike racer . His prime competitive years in BMX were from 1978 to 1984 and in mountain bike racing 1986 to 2005 . Since late 2005 , he has competed as a Marathon mountain bike racer . In all three disciplines , he has won numerous national and international competitions . Most recently , Juarez finished third in the 2006 Race Across America Endurance bicycle race . Born in Downey , California , Juarez is a highly talented cyclist who has made significant impacts in the cycling disciplines of BMX Racing , Freestyle BMX , Cross-country Mountain Bike racing , and now Marathon Mountain Bike racing for over thirty years . While he was also known as the Hollified Flash after one of his home BMX tracks he used to race at and dominate in the early-1970s , the moniker Tinker is a nickname that was coined by his family . According to his Mother Rose : We used to say 'Stinker ' when he was a baby , everybody thought we were saying 'Tinker David Juarez is so well known by his nickname Tinker many people probably think that is his real first name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_African_Missionary_Baptist_Church", "text": "The First African Missionary Baptist Church in Bainbridge , Georgia , is a Romanesque Revival-style church built during 1904-1909 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 . It is a brick church . It was designed by Thomas H. Bynes , a member of the congregation who was a graduate of Tuskegee Institute , and is unusual as an outstanding example of African-American church architecture in Georgia at the beginning of the 20th century , at a time when most churches founded and built by blacks were usually plain , one-room frame structures , rectangular in shape with gable roofs with little or no ornamentation or architectural detailing . :6-7 The interior has 12 curved rows of pews arranged in a semi-circle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myriam_Bedard", "text": "Myriam Bédard , MSC ( born December 22 , 1969 ) is a Canadian retired biathlete . She represented Canada at two Winter Olympics winning gold medals , and a bronze medal . As of 2018 , Bédard is the only Canadian biathlete , male or female , ever to win an Olympic medal , and the only North American biathlete ever to win Olympic gold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston,_Massachusetts", "text": "Boston ( UK : /ˈbɒstən/ , US : /ˈbɔːstən/ ) is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States , and the 21st most populous city in the United States . The city proper covers 49 square miles ( 127 km2 ) with an estimated population of 694,583 in 2018 , also making it the most populous city in New England . Boston is the seat of Suffolk County as well , although the county government was disbanded on July 1 , 1999 . The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston , a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) home to a census-estimated 4.8 million people in 2016 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country . As a combined statistical area ( CSA ) , this wider commuting region is home to some 8.2 million people , making it the sixth most populous in the United States . Boston is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States , founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from the English town of the same name . It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution , such as the Boston Massacre , the Boston Tea Party , the Battle of Bunker Hill , and the Siege of Boston . Upon gaining U.S. independence from Great Britain , it continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture . The city has expanded beyond the original peninsula through land reclamation and municipal annexation . Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing more than 20 million visitors per year . Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public park ( Boston Common , 1634 ) , first public or state school ( Boston Latin School , 1635 ) and first subway system ( Tremont Street Subway , 1897 ) . Today , Boston is a thriving center of scientific research as well as port of entry for commerce and international immigration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Space_(Latin_American_TV_channel)", "text": "Space is a Latin American pay television channel owned by WarnerMedia Entertainment . It airs movies , TV series and boxing events . It was launched on 11 March 1991 and it is headquartered in Buenos Aires , Argentina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Angeles_Metro_Rail", "text": "The Los Angeles Metro Rail is an urban rail transportation system serving Los Angeles County , California . It consists of six lines , including two rapid transit subway lines ( the B and D lines ) and four light rail lines ( the A , C , L and E lines ) serving 93 stations . It connects with the Metro Busway bus rapid transit system ( the G Line ( Orange ) and J Line ( Silver ) ) and also with the Metrolink commuter rail system . Metro Rail is owned and operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( Metro ) and started service in 1990 . It has been extended significantly since that time and several further extensions are either in the works or being considered . The system served a ridership of 344,176 on an average weekday in 2018 . Los Angeles had two previous rail transit systems , the Pacific Electric Red Car and Los Angeles Railway Yellow Car lines , which operated between the late 19th century and the 1960s . The Metro Rail system utilizes many of their former rights-of-way , and thus can be considered their indirect successor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bryan_Cranston", "text": "Bryan Lee Cranston ( born March 7 , 1956 ) is an American actor , director , producer and screenwriter . He is best known for playing Walter White on the AMC series Breaking Bad ( 2008-2013 ) , Hal on the Fox sitcom Malcolm in the Middle ( 2000-2006 ) , and Dr. Tim Whatley on the NBC sitcom Seinfeld ( 1994-1997 ) . Cranston 's performance on Breaking Bad is widely regarded as one of the best performances in television history , for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series four times ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , and 2014 ) . After becoming a producer of the show in 2011 , he also won the award for Outstanding Drama Series twice . He was previously nominated three times for the Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his role in Malcolm in the Middle . Breaking Bad also earned Cranston five Golden Globe nominations ( with one win ) , nine Screen Actors Guild Award nominations ( with four wins ) , and six Satellite Award nominations ( with four wins ) . In 2014 , Cranston won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his portrayal of president Lyndon B. Johnson in the play All the Way on Broadway , a role he reprised in HBO 's 2016 television film of the same name . In 2018 , he won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Howard Beale in Network at London 's National Theatre , later winning his second Tony Award for playing the role on Broadway . For portraying Dalton Trumbo in the film Trumbo ( 2015 ) , he received acclaim and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor . Cranston has directed episodes of Malcolm in the Middle , Breaking Bad , Modern Family , and The Office . He has also appeared in several acclaimed films , such as Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) , Little Miss Sunshine ( 2006 ) , Drive ( 2011 ) , Argo ( 2012 ) , and Godzilla ( 2014 ) . In 2015 , Cranston and David Shore created , executive produced , and wrote the story for the Amazon Studios original crime drama Sneaky Pete ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adidas", "text": "Adidas AG ( German : [ ˈʔadiˌdas ] AH-dee-DAHS ; stylized as ɑdidɑs since 1949 ) is a multinational corporation , founded and headquartered in Herzogenaurach , Germany , that designs and manufactures shoes , clothing and accessories . It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe , and the second largest in the world , after Nike . It is the holding company for the Adidas Group , which consists of the Reebok sportswear company , 8.33% of the German football club Bayern Munich , and Runtastic , an Austrian fitness technology company . Adidas ' revenue for 2018 was listed at €21.915 billion . The company was started by Adolf Dassler in his mother 's house ; he was joined by his elder brother Rudolf in 1924 under the name Dassler Brothers Shoe Factory . Dassler assisted in the development of spiked running shoes ( spikes ) for multiple athletic events . To enhance the quality of spiked athletic footwear , he transitioned from a previous model of heavy metal spikes to utilising canvas and rubber . Dassler persuaded U.S. sprinter Jesse Owens to use his handmade spikes at the 1936 Summer Olympics . In 1949 , following a breakdown in the relationship between the brothers , Adolf created Adidas , and Rudolf established Puma , which became Adidas ' business rival . Adidas ' logo is three stripes , which is used on the company 's clothing and shoe designs as a marketing aid . The branding , which Adidas bought in 1952 from Finnish sports company Karhu Sports , became so successful that Dassler described Adidas as The three stripes company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Kirby", "text": "Jack Kirby ( born Jacob Kurtzberg ; /ˈkɜːrtsbɜːrɡ/ ; August 28 , 1917 - February 6 , 1994 ) was an American comic book artist , writer and editor , widely regarded as one of the medium 's major innovators and one of its most prolific and influential creators . He grew up in New York City and learned to draw cartoon figures by tracing characters from comic strips and editorial cartoons . He entered the nascent comics industry in the 1930s , drawing various comics features under different pen names , including Jack Curtiss , before ultimately settling on Jack Kirby . In 1940 , he and writer-editor Joe Simon created the highly successful superhero character Captain America for Timely Comics , predecessor of Marvel Comics . During the 1940s , Kirby regularly teamed with Simon , creating numerous characters for that company and for National Comics Publications , later to become DC Comics . After serving in the European Theater in World War II , Kirby produced work for DC Comics , Harvey Comics , Hillman Periodicals and other publishers . At Crestwood Publications , he and Simon created the genre of romance comics and later founded their own short-lived comic company , Mainline Publications . Kirby was involved in Timely 's 1950s iteration , Atlas Comics , which in the next decade became Marvel . There , in the 1960s under writer-editor Stan Lee , Kirby created many of the company 's major characters , including the Fantastic Four , the X-Men and the Hulk . The Lee-Kirby titles garnered high sales and critical acclaim , but in 1970 , feeling he had been treated unfairly , largely in the realm of authorship credit and creators ' rights , Kirby left the company for rival DC . At DC , Kirby created his Fourth World saga which spanned several comics titles . While these series proved commercially unsuccessful and were canceled , the Fourth World 's New Gods have continued as a significant part of the DC Universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Malin", "text": "David Frederick Malin AM ( born 28 March 1941 ) is a British-Australian astronomer and photographer . He is principally known for his spectacular colour images of astronomical objects . A galaxy is named after him , Malin 1 , which he discovered in 1986 and which is the largest spiral galaxy so far discovered ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arm_River_(electoral_district)", "text": "Arm River is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan , Canada . This constituency is located in south central Saskatchewan . Revived as a result of the 2013 revision of Saskatchewan 's electoral districts , it was last contested in the 2016 election . Arm River was originally created before the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908 . The Representation Act , 2002 ( Saskatchewan ) merged this riding 's first incarnation with parts of the Watrous and Last Mountain-Touchwood ridings to form the riding of Arm River-Watrous . Arm River-Watrous was abolished by The Representation Act , 2013 ( Saskatchewan ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luminița_Talpoș", "text": "Luminiţa Talpoş ( born October 9 , 1972 in Craiova , Dolj ) is a female long-distance runner from Romania , who specialized in the marathon race during her career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Graham", "text": "Duke of Montrose ( named after Montrose , Angus ) is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of Scotland . The first creation was in 1488 for David Lindsay , 5th Earl of Crawford . He was forced to forfeit the dukedom later in 1488 , but it was restored to him in 1489 , although only for his lifetime . Thus , it was not inherited . The title was created anew in 1707 , again in the Peerage of Scotland , for James Graham , 4th Marquess of Montrose . It has remained since then in the Graham family , and the title is also tied to the chieftainship of Clan Graham . The Duke 's subsidiary titles are : Marquess of Montrose ( created 1644 ) , Marquess of Graham and Buchanan ( 1707 ) , Earl of Montrose ( 1503 ) , Earl of Kincardine ( 1644 ) , Earl Graham ( 1722 ) , Viscount Dundaff ( 1707 ) , Lord Graham ( 1445 ) , Lord Graham and Mugdock ( 1644 ) , Lord Aberruthven , Mugdock and Fintrie ( 1707 ) and Baron Graham , of Belford ( 1722 ) . The titles of Earl Graham and Baron Graham are in the Peerage of Great Britain ; the rest are in the Peerage of Scotland . The eldest son of the Duke uses the courtesy title of Marquess of Graham and Buchanan . The family seat is Auchmar House , near Loch Lomond , Stirlingshire . It was previously Buchanan Castle , near Drymen , Stirlingshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patrick_Tam_Yiu_Man", "text": "Patrick Tam ( Chinese : 譚耀文 ; born 19 March 1969 ) is a Hong Kong actor and singer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wan_Zaharulnizam_Zakaria", "text": "Wan Zaharulnizam bin Wan Zakaria ( born 8 May 1991 in Tumpat , Kelantan ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Kelantan and Malaysia national team as a winger . He is an exciting prospect . He is known for his ability to dribble ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Dutch_Football_Association", "text": "The Royal Dutch Football Association ( Dutch : Koninklijke Nederlandse Voetbalbond , pronounced [ ˌkoːnɪŋkləkə ˌneːdərlɑntsə ˈvudbɑlbɔnt ] , or KNVB [ ˌkaːʔɛnveːˈbeː ] ) is the governing body of football in Netherlands . It organises the main Dutch football leagues ( Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie ) , the amateur leagues , the KNVB Cup , and the Dutch men 's and women 's national teams . For three seasons in the 2010s , the KNVB and its Belgian counterpart operated a joint top-level women 's league , the BeNe League , until the two countries dissolved the league after the 2014-15 season and reestablished their own top-level leagues . The KNVB is based in the central municipality of Zeist . With over 1.2 million members the KNVB is the single largest sports association in the Netherlands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herbert_A._Wagner_Generating_Station", "text": "The Herbert A. Wagner Generating Station is an electric generating station located on Fort Smallwood Road north of Orchard Beach in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , just east of Glen Burnie , and is operated by the Raven Power Holdings , LLC , a subsidiary of Riverstone Holdings LLC . The H. A. Wagner station consists of natural gas fueled Unit 1 , nominally rated at 133 MWe , coal-fired Unit 2 rated at 136 MWe , coal-fired Unit 3 rated at 359 MWe , and oil-fired Unit 4 rated at 415 MWe . The station shares a 483-acre ( 195 ha ) site adjacent to the Patapsco River with the Brandon Shores Generating Station . The Brandon Shores plant dominates the site with its 700-foot ( 210 m ) exhaust and 400-foot ( 120 m ) flue-gas desulfurization system stacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roy_Adams", "text": "Roy J. Adams is a Canadian-American academic , author , adventurer , labour rights activist and poet . Born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , he received his B.A . degree from Pennsylvania State University ( summa cum laude ) in 1967 and his Ph.D. degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Wisconsin in 1973 . From then until 1997 he was a professor at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada and has also been a visiting professor at 14 other institutions in 11 countries . He has published widely on comparative industrial relations , labour policy . industrial relations theory and human rights in employment , especially on the topic of collective bargaining as a human right . He has given invited talks at over 140 institutions in 20 countries and has served on the editorial boards of twelve professional journals located in seven countries . He headed a Canadian federal government commission on training , educational leave and productivity , published a comparative industrial relations newsletter for 10 years , served as president of the Canadian Industrial Relations Association and was honored with that associations Gérard Dion Award for outstanding contributions to Canadian and international industrial relations . After serving as Director of McMaster 's Theme School on International Justice and Human Rights in 1996-1997 , he founded the Society for the Promotion of Human Rights in Employment and became very active promoting human rights and especially the rights to organize and bargain collectively . From 2003 to 2015 the Supreme Court of Canada constitutionalized those rights and in doing so extensively cited Adams 's work . For his human rights scholarship and activism , he was appointed Ariel F. Sallows Chair of Human Rights on the Faculty of Law at the University of Saskatchewan for 2009-2010 . In 2015 Adams was named a Fellow of the U.S.-based Labor and Employment Relations Association for contributions of unusual distinction to the field and profession ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ming-Na", "text": "Ming-Na Wen ( Chinese : 溫明娜 ; born November 20 , 1963 ) is an Chinese-American actress and voice actress . She is best known for her starring role as Melinda May in the ABC action drama series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . ( 2013-present ) and for voicing Mulan in the animated musical action films Mulan ( 1998 ) and Mulan II ( 2004 ) . She reprised the role of Mulan in the video game Kingdom Hearts II ( 2005 ) , the animated children 's series Sofia the First ( 2014 ) , and the animated comedy film Ralph Breaks the Internet ( 2018 ) . Wen is also known for her role as Dr. Jing-Mei Deb Chen in the medical drama series ER ( 1995-2004 ) . She starred as Rachel Lu in the medical drama series Inconceivable ( 2005 ) , one of the few American television series with an Asian American series lead . She also had starring roles as Detective Ellen Yin in the animated series The Batman ( 2004-2005 ) and as Camile Wray in the science fiction series Stargate Universe ( 2009-2011 ) . She is notable for starring in the films The Joy Luck Club ( 1993 ) , Street Fighter ( 1994 ) , and Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within ( 2001 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Medal_bar", "text": "A medal bar or medal clasp is a thin metal bar attached to the ribbon of a military decoration , civil decoration , or other medal . It most commonly indicates the campaign or operation the recipient received the award for , and multiple bars on the same medal are used to indicate that the recipient has met the criteria for receiving the medal in multiple theatres . When used in conjunction with decorations for exceptional service , such as gallantry medals , the term and bar means that the award has been bestowed multiple times . In the example , Group Captain Leonard Cheshire , VC , OM , DSO and two bars , DFC , DSO and two bars means that the Distinguished Service Order was awarded on three separate occasions . A British convention is to indicate bars by the use of asterisks ; thus , DSO** would denote a DSO and two bars . Bars are also used on long-service medals to indicate the length of service rendered . The two terms are used because terms bar and clasp both refer to two parts of the medal ; the indicator discussed in this article , and the part of the medal connected to the ribbon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jessica_Alba", "text": "Jessica Marie Alba ( /ˈælbə/ ; born April 28 , 1981 ) is an American actress and businesswoman . She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in Camp Nowhere and The Secret World of Alex Mack ( 1994 ) , but rose to prominence at 19 , as the lead actress of the television series Dark Angel ( 2000-2002 ) , for which she received a Golden Globe nomination . Her big screen breakthrough came in Honey ( 2003 ) . She soon established herself as a Hollywood actress , and has starred in numerous box office hits throughout her career , including Fantastic Four ( 2005 ) , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer ( 2007 ) , Good Luck Chuck ( 2007 ) , The Eye ( 2008 ) , Valentine 's Day ( 2010 ) , Little Fockers ( 2010 ) , and Mechanic : Resurrection ( 2016 ) . She is a frequent collaborator of director Robert Rodriguez , having starred in Sin City ( 2005 ) , Machete ( 2010 ) , Spy Kids : All the Time in the World ( 2011 ) , Machete Kills ( 2013 ) , and Sin City : A Dame to Kill For ( 2014 ) . Since 2019 , Alba stars in the Spectrum action crime series L.A. 's Finest . Alba co-founded The Honest Company , a consumer goods company that sells baby , personal and household products . Magazines including Men 's Health , Vanity Fair and FHM have included her on their lists of the world 's most beautiful women ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arc_System_Works", "text": "Arc System Works Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社アークシステムワークス , Kabushiki gaisha Āku Shisutemu Wākusu ) is a video game developer and publisher located in Yokohama . Founded by Minoru Kidooka in 1988 , the company is known for arcade 2D fighting game franchises , including Guilty Gear and BlazBlue , as well as other licensed-based fighting games for Dragon Ball and Persona 4 Arena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_in_film", "text": "The year 2009 saw the release of many films . Seven made the top 50 list of highest-grossing films . Also in 2009 , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced that as of that year , their Best Picture category would consist of ten nominees , rather than five ( the first time since the 1943 awards ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Navy_Midshipmen", "text": "The Navy Midshipmen are the athletic teams that represent the United States Naval Academy . The academy sponsors 33 varsity sports teams and 12 club sport teams . Both men 's and women 's teams are called Navy Midshipmen or Mids . They participate in the NCAA 's Division I , as a non-football member of the Patriot League , a football-only member of the American Athletic Conference in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , and a member of the Collegiate Sprint Football League ( men ) , Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges ( men ) , Eastern Association of Women 's Rowing Colleges , Eastern Intercollegiate Gymnastics League ( men ) , and Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association . Navy is also one of approximately 300 members of the Eastern College Athletic Conference ( ECAC ) . The most important sporting event at the academy is the annual Army-Navy Game . The 2014 season marked Navy 's 13th consecutive victory over Army . The three major service academies ( Navy , Air Force , and Army ) compete for the Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy , which is awarded to the academy that defeats the others in football that year ( or retained by the previous winner in the event of a three-way tie ) . Participation in athletics is , in general , mandatory at the Naval Academy and most Midshipmen not on an intercollegiate team must participate actively in intramural or club sports . There are exceptions for non-athletic Brigade Support Activities such as YP Squadron ( a professional surface warfare training activity providing midshipmen the opportunity to earn the Craftmaster Badge ) or the Drum and Bugle Corps . Varsity-letter winners wear a specially-issued blue cardigan with a large gold N patch affixed . If they belong to a team that beats Army in any sport designated Star competition , they are also awarded a gold star ( N-Star ) to affix near the N for each such victory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qing_dynasty", "text": "The Qing dynasty , officially the Great Qing ( [ tɕʰíŋ ] ) , was the last imperial dynasty of China . It was established in 1636 , and ruled China proper from 1644 to 1911 . It was preceded by the Ming dynasty and succeeded by the Republic of China . The Qing multi-cultural empire lasted for almost three centuries and formed the territorial base for modern China . It was the fifth largest empire in world history . The dynasty was founded by the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan in Manchuria . In the late sixteenth century , Nurhaci , originally a Ming vassal , began organizing Banners , military-social units that included Manchu , Han , and Mongol elements . Nurhaci united Manchu clans and officially proclaimed the Later Jin dynasty in 1616 . His son Hong Taiji began driving Ming forces out of the Liaodong Peninsula and declared a new dynasty , the Qing , in 1636 . As Ming control disintegrated , peasant rebels led by Li Zicheng conquered the capital , Beijing , in 1644 . Ming general Wu Sangui refused to serve them , but opened the Shanhai Pass to the Banner Armies led by the regent Prince Dorgon , who defeated the rebels and seized the capital . Dorgon served as Prince Regent under the Shunzhi Emperor and implemented policies of rule ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_American_Racing", "text": "British American Racing , abbreviated as BAR , was a Formula One constructor that competed in the sport from 1999 to 2005 . BAR began by acquiring Tyrrell , and used Supertec engines for their first year . Subsequently , they formed a partnership with Honda which lasted for the next six years . The team was named after British American Tobacco plc ( BAT ) , which owned and sponsored it in order to display its Lucky Strike and 555 brands . The headquarters were in Brackley , Northamptonshire , United Kingdom . In mid-November 2004 , Japanese automobile manufacturer Honda purchased 45% of the team , and in September 2005 , purchased the remaining 55% share to become the sole owner . Consequently , BAR Honda became Honda Racing F1 Team for the 2006 Formula One season . BAT continued as title sponsor with the Lucky Strike brand , but due to new tobacco advertising regulations worldwide , pulled its sponsorship from Formula One entirely at the end of the 2006 season . Honda ran the team for the 2006 , 2007 and 2008 seasons . During 2008 , the Honda RA109 was being developed for the following year while Honda attempted to sell the team . A management buy-out by team principal Ross Brawn and an engine supply deal with Mercedes-Benz resulted in a remarkable 2009 season in which Brawn GP team won the Constructors ' Championship with Jenson Button winning the Drivers ' Championship . Mercedes bought the team in November 2009 and as of January 2020 [ update ] , the team competes as Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix,_Arizona", "text": "Phoenix is the capital and most populous city in Arizona , with 1,660,272 people ( as of 2018 [ update ] ) . It is also the fifth most populous city in the United States , and the only state capital with a population of more than one million residents . Phoenix is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area , also known as the Valley of the Sun , which in turn is part of the Salt River Valley . The metropolitan area is the 11th largest by population in the United States , with approximately 4.73 million people as of 2017 [ update ] . Phoenix is the seat of Maricopa County and the largest city in the state at 517.9 square miles ( 1,341 km2 ) , more than twice the size of Tucson and one of the largest cities in the United States . Phoenix was settled in 1867 as an agricultural community near the confluence of the Salt and Gila Rivers and was incorporated as a city in 1881 . It became the capital of Arizona Territory in 1889 . It is in the northeastern reaches of the Sonoran Desert and has a hot desert climate . Despite this , its canal system led to a thriving farming community with the original settler 's crops remaining important parts of the Phoenix economy for decades , such as alfalfa , cotton , citrus , and hay . Cotton , cattle , citrus , climate , and copper were known locally as the Five C 's anchoring Phoenix 's economy . These remained the driving forces of the city until after World War II , when high-tech companies began to move into the valley and air conditioning made Phoenix 's hot summers more bearable . The city averaged a four percent annual population growth rate over a 40-year period from the mid-1960s to the mid-2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Beasley", "text": "Michael Paul Beasley Jr. ( born January 9 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player . He played college basketball for Kansas State University for one year before declaring for the NBA draft in 2008 . He is regarded as one of the best freshman college basketball players of the 2000s . Though he is ambidextrous , he shoots left-handed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dominique_Gisin", "text": "Dominique Gisin ( German pronunciation : [ 'gɪzɪn ] ; born 4 June 1985 ) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Switzerland . She is the older sister of alpine ski racers Marc and Michelle Gisin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SQLite", "text": "SQLite ( /ˌɛsˌkjuːˌɛlˈaɪt/ , /ˈsiːkwəˌlaɪt/ ) is a relational database management system ( RDBMS ) contained in a C library . In contrast to many other database management systems , SQLite is not a client-server database engine . Rather , it is embedded into the end program . SQLite is ACID-compliant and implements most of the SQL standard , generally following PostgreSQL syntax . However , SQLite uses a dynamically and weakly typed SQL syntax that does not guarantee the domain integrity . This means that one can , for example , insert a string into a column defined as an integer . SQLite will attempt to convert data between formats where appropriate , the string 123 into an integer in this case , but does not guarantee such conversions , and will store the data as-is if such a conversion is not possible . SQLite is a popular choice as embedded database software for local/client storage in application software such as web browsers . It is arguably the most widely deployed database engine , as it is used today by several widespread browsers , operating systems , and embedded systems ( such as mobile phones ) , among others . SQLite has bindings to many programming languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neoclassical_architecture", "text": "Neoclassical architecture is an architectural style produced by the neoclassical movement that began in the mid-18th century in Italy and France . In its purest form , it is a style principally derived from the architecture of classical antiquity , the Vitruvian principles , and the work of the Italian architect Andrea Palladio . The development of archaeology was crucial in the emergence of Neoclassical architecture . Excavation sites like those in Pompeii and Herculaneum allowed architects to make in depth interpretations of Classical architecture and synthesize their own unique style . In form , neoclassical architecture emphasizes the wall rather than chiaroscuro and maintains separate identities to each of its parts . The style is manifested both in its details as a reaction against the Rococo style of naturalistic ornament , and in its architectural formulae as an outgrowth of some classicising features of the Late Baroque architectural tradition . Therefore , the style defined by symmetry , simple geometry , and social demands instead of ornament . Neoclassical architecture is still designed today , but may be labelled New Classical Architecture for contemporary buildings . In Central and Eastern Europe , the style is usually referred to as Classicism , while the newer revival styles of the 19th century until today are called neoclassical ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aguascalientes,_Aguascalientes", "text": "Aguascalientes ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˌaɣwaskaˈljentes ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of the state of Aguascalientes and is its most populous city , with a metropolitan population of 1,000,000 . It is located in North-Central Mexico . It is part of the macroregion of Bajío , which is among the safest and most prosperous regions in Mexico . It was part of the kingdom of Nueva Galicia . In 1835 Aguascalientes became the capital of the Free and Sovereign State of Aguascalientes . Aguascalientes has been called the cleanest city in Latin America . Aguascalientes is experiencing an ongoing social , economic , and aesthetic revitalization process . Aguascalientes has a population which includes Japanese , Koreans , and Germans . It stands on the banks of the Aguascalientes river , 1880 meters above sea level , at 21°51′N 102°18′W / 21.850°N 102.300°W / 21.850 ; -102.300 . It is the municipal seat for the Aguascalientes Municipality . The Aguascalientes metropolitan area includes the municipality of Jesús María and San Francisco de los Romo . It was a Chichimeca Indian territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Wisconsin–Madison", "text": "The University of Wisconsin-Madison ( also known as University of Wisconsin , Wisconsin , UW , regionally as UW-Madison , or simply Madison ) is a public research university in Madison , Wisconsin . Founded when Wisconsin achieved statehood in 1848 , UW-Madison is the official state university of Wisconsin , and the flagship campus of the University of Wisconsin System . It was the first public university established in Wisconsin and remains the oldest and largest public university in the state . It became a land-grant institution in 1866 . The 933-acre ( 378 ha ) main campus , located on the shores of Lake Mendota , includes four National Historic Landmarks . The University also owns and operates a historic 1,200-acre ( 486 ha ) arboretum established in 1932 , located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of the main campus . UW-Madison is organized into 20 schools and colleges , which enrolled 30,361 undergraduate and 14,052 graduate students in 2018 . Its comprehensive academic program offers 136 undergraduate majors , along with 148 master 's degree programs and 120 doctoral programs . A major contributor to Wisconsin 's economy , the university is the largest employer in the state , with over 21,600 faculty and staff . The UW is one of America 's Public Ivy universities , which refers to top public universities in the United States capable of providing a collegiate experience comparable with the Ivy League . UW-Madison is also categorized as a Doctoral University with the Highest Research Activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education . In 2012 , it had research expenditures of more than $ 1.1 billion , the third highest among universities in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josef_Mengele", "text": "Josef Mengele ( [ ˈjoːzɛf ˈmɛŋələ ] ( listen ) ; 16 March 1911 - 7 February 1979 ) , also known as the Angel of Death ( German : Todesengel ) and the White Angel ( German : der Weisse Engel or Weißer Engel ) , was a German Schutzstaffel ( SS ) officer and physician during World War II . He is mostly known for his actions at the Auschwitz concentration camp , where he performed deadly experiments on prisoners and was a member of the team of doctors who selected victims to be killed in the gas chambers . [ a ] With Red Army troops sweeping through Poland , Mengele was transferred 280 kilometers ( 170 mi ) from Auschwitz to the Gross-Rosen concentration camp on 17 January 1945 , just 10 days before the arrival of the Soviet forces at Auschwitz . Before the war , Mengele had received doctorates in anthropology and medicine , and began a career as a researcher . He joined the Nazi Party in 1937 and the SS in 1938 . He was assigned as a battalion medical officer at the start of World War II , then transferred to the Nazi concentration camps service in early 1943 and assigned to Auschwitz , where he saw the opportunity to conduct genetic research on human subjects . His experiments focused primarily on twins , with little or no regard for the health or safety of the victims . After the war , Mengele fled to South America . He sailed to Argentina in July 1949 , assisted by a network of former SS members . He initially lived in and around Buenos Aires , then fled to Paraguay in 1959 and Brazil in 1960 , all the while being sought by West Germany , Israel , and Nazi hunters such as Simon Wiesenthal , who wanted to bring him to trial . Mengele eluded capture in spite of extradition requests by the West German government and clandestine operations by the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad . He drowned in 1979 after suffering a stroke while swimming off the coast of Bertioga , and was buried under the false name of Wolfgang Gerhard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kanazawa,_Ishikawa", "text": "Kanazawa ( 金沢市 , Kanazawa-shi ) is the capital city of Ishikawa Prefecture , Japan . As of 1 January 2018 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 466,029 in 203,271 households , and a population density of 990 persons per km² . The total area of the city was 468.64 square kilometres ( 180.94 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Comercial_Futebol_Clube_(Ribeirão_Preto)", "text": "Comercial Futebol Clube ( SP ) , usually known simply as Comercial ( or as Comercial de Ribeirão Preto ) , is a traditional Brazilian football club from Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelowna_Rockets", "text": "The Kelowna Rockets are a major junior ice hockey team based in Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada . The Rockets play in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) , out of the Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) . They play their home games at Prospera Place . The Rockets have won the WHL championship four times and have made it to the Memorial Cup finals three times , wining once . The Rockets captured the Memorial Cup for the first time in franchise history in 2004 , the same year they were selected to host the event . The Rockets returned to the Memorial Cup finals in both 2009 and 2015 , losing to the Windsor Spitfires in 2009 and the Oshawa Generals in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/22nd_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 22nd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 27 , 1980 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles , and were broadcast live on American television . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1979 . This year was notable for being the first year to have a designated category for Rock music . Album of the Year went to Phil Ramone and Billy Joel for 52nd Street , and Song of the Year went to Kenny Loggins and Michael McDonald for What a Fool Believes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khaled_Al_Qubaisi", "text": "Khaled Abdull Al Qubaisi ( born 22 December 1975 in Abu Dhabi ) is an Emirati racing driver ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guglielmo_Libri_Carucci_dalla_Sommaja", "text": "Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja ( January 1 , 1803 - September 28 , 1869 ) was an Italian count and mathematician , who became known for his love and subsequent theft of ancient and precious manuscripts . Appointed the Inspector of Libraries in France , Libri began stealing the books he was responsible for , fleeing to England when the theft was discovered , along with 30,000 books and manuscripts inside 18 trunks . He was sentenced in France to 10 years in jail in absentia ; some of the stolen works were returned when he died , but many remained missing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DG_Khan", "text": "Dera Ghazi Khan ( Urdu : ڈيره غازي خان ) , abbreviated as D. G. Khan , is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan . It is the headquarters of the Dera Ghazi Khan District and also the administrative centre of the Dera Ghazi Khan Division . According to the 2017 Census of Pakistan , its population is 399,064 . It is the 19th Largest city of Pakistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco", "text": "San Francisco , officially the City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF , San Fran , Frisco , or The City , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . San Francisco is the 15th most populous city in the United States , and the fourth most populous in California , with 883,305 residents as of 2018 . It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles ( 121.4 km2 ) , mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area , making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city , and the fifth most densely populated U.S. county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population , with 4.7 million people , and the 4th-largest by economic output , with GDP of $ 549 billion in 2018 . With San Jose , it forms the fifth most populous combined statistical area in the United States , the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland , CA Combined Statistical Area ( 9.67 million residents in 2018 ) . As of 2018 , San Francisco was the seventh-highest-income county in the United States , with a per capita personal income of $ 130,696 . In the same year , San Francisco proper had a GDP of $ 183.2 billion , and a GDP per capita of $ 207,371 . The CSA San Francisco shares with San Jose and Oakland was the country 's third-largest urban economy as of 2018 , with a GDP of $ 1.03 trillion . Of the 500+ primary statistical areas in the U.S. , this CSA had among the highest GDP per capita in 2018 , at $ 106,757 . San Francisco was ranked 12th in the world and 2nd in the United States on the Global Financial Centres Index as of September 2019 . As of 2016 , the San Francisco metropolitan area had the highest GDP per capita , labor productivity , and household income levels in the OECD . San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de Asís a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sir_Humphrey_Gilbert", "text": "Sir Humphrey Gilbert ( c. 1539 - 9 September 1583 ) of Compton in the parish of Marldon and of Greenway in the parish of Churston Ferrers , both in Devon , England , was an adventurer , explorer , member of parliament and soldier who served during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and was a pioneer of the English colonial empire in North America and the Plantations of Ireland . He was a uterine half-brother of Sir Walter Raleigh and a cousin of Sir Richard Grenville ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UPB-MyTeam_FC", "text": "UPB-MyTeam Football Club is a defunct Malaysian football club which formerly competed in the top tier of Malaysian football , the Malaysia Super League . The team 's home stadium was the Stadium MBPJ , in Petaling Jaya . The club as it exists today was the result of a merger of UPB Football Club and MyTeam ( a football team created through the Malaysian reality TV show MyTeam ) prior to the 2006-07 Malaysian football season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rudranaga", "text": "Rudra Naga ( Kannada : ರುದ್ರನಾಗ ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. Mani Murugan and produced by Chandulal Jain and J. M. Purohith . The film stars Vishnuvardhan , B. Saroja Devi , Madhavi and Sudarshan in the lead roles . The film has musical score by M. Ranga Rao ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas_Stars", "text": "The Dallas Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in Dallas . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Central Division of the Western Conference . The team was founded during the 1967 NHL expansion as the Minnesota North Stars , based in Bloomington , Minnesota . Before the beginning of the 1978-79 NHL season , the team merged with the Cleveland Barons after the league granted them permission due to each team 's respective financial struggles . Ultimately , the franchise relocated to Dallas for the 1993-94 NHL season . The Stars played out of Reunion Arena from their relocation until 2001 , when the team moved less than 1.5 miles into the American Airlines Center . The Stars have won eight division titles in Dallas , two Presidents ' Trophies as the top regular season team in the league , the Western Conference championship twice , and in 1998-99 , the Stanley Cup . Joe Nieuwendyk won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the playoffs that year . In 2000 , Neal Broten was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame . In 2009 , Brett Hull became the first Dallas Stars player inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame , followed by Ed Belfour and Joe Nieuwendyk in 2011 and Mike Modano in 2014 . In 2010 , brothers Derian and Kevin Hatcher were inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1944–45_Toronto_Maple_Leafs_season", "text": "The 1944-45 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the club 's 28th season in the NHL . Toronto finished in third place in the regular season , with a 24-22-4 record , earning 52 points . The Leafs eliminated their archrivals Montreal Canadiens in the first round of the playoffs , and then defeated the Detroit Red Wings in seven games in the 1945 Stanley Cup Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Passionfruit", "text": "Passiflora edulis or passion fruit is a vine species of passion flower native to southern Brazil through Paraguay and northern Argentina . It is cultivated commercially in tropical and subtropical areas for its sweet , seedy fruit , commonly called passion fruit . The fruit is a pepo , a type of berry , round to oval , either yellow or dark purple at maturity , with a soft to firm , juicy interior filled with numerous seeds . The fruit is both eaten and juiced , the juice often added to other fruit juices to enhance aroma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinmen", "text": "Kinmen or Quemoy ( /kɪˈmɔɪ/ ; Mandarin pinyin : Jīnmén ; Hokkien POJ : Kim-mn̂g ( locally ) or Kim-mûi ) , officially Kinmen County , is two groups of islands governed by the Republic of China and located just off the southeastern coast of mainland China . The county consists of the Kinmen Islands ( including Great Kinmen and Lesser Kinmen ) and the Wuqiu Islands ( Ockseu ) more than 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) to the northeast . It is one of two counties under the streamlined Fujian Province of the Republic of China . The Kinmen Islands are located only about two kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) east of the mainland city of Xiamen , and their strategic position has reflected the significant change of Cross-Strait relations from a battlefront to a trading point between China and Taiwan . In the controversy regarding the political status of Taiwan , the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) has continuously claimed the territory of Kinmen County as part of its own Fujian Province , claiming the Kinmen Islands as a county of Quanzhou prefecture-level city , and claiming the Wuqiu ( Ockseu ) Islands as part of Xiuyu District in Putian prefecture-level city , whereas the Republic of China claims the Dadeng ( Tateng ) Islands in Dadeng Subdistrict , Xiang'an District , Xiamen , Fujian as part of Kinmen County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deutsche_Oper_Berlin", "text": "The Deutsche Oper Berlin is an opera company located in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin , Germany . The resident building is the country 's second largest opera house and also home to the Berlin State Ballet . Since 2004 the Deutsche Oper Berlin , like the Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) , the Komische Oper Berlin , the Berlin State Ballet , and the Bühnenservice Berlin ( Stage and Costume Design ) , has been a member of the Berlin Opera Foundation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romania", "text": "Romania ( /roʊˈmeɪniə/ ( listen ) ro-MAY-nee-ə ; Romanian : România [ romɨˈni.a ] ( listen ) ) is a country located at the crossroads of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern Europe . It has borders with the Black Sea to the southeast , Bulgaria to the south , Ukraine to the north , Hungary to the west , Serbia to the southwest , and Moldova to the east . It has a predominantly temperate-continental climate . With a total area of 238,397 square kilometers ( 92,046 square miles ) , Romania is the 8th largest country and also the 6th most populous member state of the European Union , having almost 20 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Bucharest , and other major urban areas include Cluj-Napoca , Timișoara , Iași , Constanța , Craiova , Brașov , and Galați . The River Danube , Europe 's second-longest river , rises in Germany 's Black Forest and flows in a general southeast direction for 2,857 km ( 1,775 mi ) , coursing through ten countries before emptying into Romania 's Danube Delta . The Carpathian Mountains , which cross Romania from the north to the southwest , include Moldoveanu Peak , at an altitude of 2,544 m ( 8,346 ft ) . Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia . The new state , officially named Romania since 1866 , gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1877 . Following World War I after declaring its neutrality in 1914 , when Romania fought on the side of the Allied powers starting with 1916 , Bukovina , Bessarabia , Transylvania as well as parts of Banat , Crișana , and Maramureș became part of the sovereign Kingdom of Romania . In June-August 1940 , as a consequence of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and Second Vienna Award , Romania was compelled to cede Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union , and Northern Transylvania to Hungary . In November 1940 , Romania signed the Tripartite Pact and , consequently , in June 1941 entered World War II on the Axis side , fighting against the Soviet Union until August 1944 , when it joined the Allies and recovered Northern Transylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AS_Monaco_FC", "text": "Association Sportive de Monaco Football Club SA , commonly referred to as AS Monaco ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ɑ.ɛs mɔnako ] ) or Monaco , is a Monégasque professional football club that competes in Ligue 1 , the top tier of French football . Founded in 1924 , the team plays its home matches at the Stade Louis II in Fontvieille . Though based in Monaco , the club plays in the French football league system . Monaco is one of the most successful clubs in French football , having won eight league titles and five Coupe de France trophies . The club has also competed in European football , and were runners-up in the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup in 1992 and the UEFA Champions League in 2004 . The club 's traditional colours are red and white , and the club is known as Les Rouges et Blancs ( The Red and Whites ) . Monaco is a member of the European Club Association . In December 2011 , two-thirds of the club was sold to an investment group led by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev . With Rybolovlev 's financial backing , the club quickly returned to Ligue 1 and won the 2016-17 Ligue 1 , their first league title in 17 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Internazionale_F.C._Torino", "text": "Internazionale Football Club Torino commonly known as just Internazionale Torino was an Italian football club from Turin . The club was founded by a merger in 1891 and is the third Italian club dedicated to football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mauricio_&_Palodeagua", "text": "Mauricio & Palo de Agua is a Colombian tropical music band fronted by singer Mauricio Rodríguez . Starting in 2003 , they have released three albums . They have had numerous hits in Colombian radio as well as some moderate international successes . Some of their notable songs are Niña , Canto Caribeño , Dame tu amor , Esa Muchachita , and Viernes . They were nominated for the Latin Grammy Awards of 2004 in the category Best New Artist but lost to Maria Rita . They were nominated again for the Latin Grammy Awards of 2009 in the category Best Tropical Song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukraine", "text": "Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Україна , romanized : Ukrayina , pronounced [ ʊkrɐˈjinɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Eastern Europe . It is bordered by Russia to the north-east ; Belarus to the north ; Poland , Slovakia and Hungary to the west ; and Romania , Moldova , and the Black Sea to the south . Ukraine is currently in a territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula , which Russia annexed in 2014 . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603,628 km2 ( 233,062 sq mi ) , making it both the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world . Its capital and largest city is Kiev . Ukrainian is the official language and its alphabet is Cyrillic . The dominant religion in the country is Eastern Orthodoxy . The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC . During the Middle Ages , the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture , with the powerful state of Kievan Rus ' forming the basis of Ukrainian identity . Following its fragmentation in the 13th century , the territory was contested , ruled and divided by a variety of powers , including the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Russia . A Cossack republic emerged and prospered during the 17th and 18th centuries , but its territory was eventually split between Poland and the Russian Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UAAP_Season_73_volleyball_tournaments", "text": "The seniors ' division of the UAAP Season 73 volleyball tournaments opened November 27 , 2010 . Tournaments are hosted by De La Salle University . Tournament games are held at the Filoil Flying V Arena in San Juan City . The juniors ' division tournaments were held on the first semester of the 2010-11 school year ; the UE Pages and the De La Salle Junior Lady Archers won all of their elimination round games in their respective divisions to clinch the championship outright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rashid_Ahmed", "text": "Rear-Admiral Rashid Ahmed ( Urdu : رشيد احمد ; b . 1918-2005 ) , SK , TQA , was a two-star rank admiral in the Pakistan Navy , who is known for serving as Chief of Staff under Commander in Chief Vice-Admiral Muzaffar Hassan and led the Navy during the fateful events in the war with India in 1971 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Legión_Extranjera", "text": "La Legión Extranjera ( Spanish for The Foreign Legion ) was the main Asistencia , Asesoría y Administración heel group , though loosely affiliated . It was a catch all for one time and irregularly scheduled foreign heels , working as Konnan 's hired guns as well as a number of AAA regular Rudos ( bad guys ) . This allowed AAA to advertise matches where La Legión Extranjera is scheduled , without announcing the specific participants before the show . La Legión Extranjera 's leader was Konnan . At the end of 2006 , he was put out of action by Cibernético ( giving him time to take care of health issues . ) Nicho el Millonario debuted in 2007 as the replacement leader , getting revenge for Konnan while he was recovering . During the period Konnan worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , many TNA wrestlers appeared in AAA as both members of La Legión Extranjera and as representing their promotions . Since he left TNA no contracted TNA wrestlers have worked for La Legión Extranjera . After being defeated in the main event of Triplemania XVII Legión Extrangera lost control of AAA and Konnan was suspended from Mexican wrestling for an indefinite time . At this time Legion Extrangera was dissolved leaving only Electroshock , Chessman and Kenzo Suzuki . Electroshock joined up with Silver King and Dr. Wagner , Jr. to form La Wagnermania while Kenzo Suzuki would form La Yakuza with El Orientál and Sugi San/Yoshitsune . On August 21 , 2009 , Konnan returned with a new Legion , built around Teddy Hart , Nicole , Roxxi , Rain and Jennifer Blade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bahamas", "text": "The Bahamas ( /bəˈhɑːməz/ ( listen ) ) , known officially as the Commonwealth of The Bahamas , is a country within the Lucayan Archipelago in the West Indies . It is a member of the Commonwealth Realms under the monarchy of Queen Elizabeth II . The archipelagic state consists of more than 700 islands , cays , and islets in the Atlantic Ocean , and is located north of Cuba and Hispaniola Island ( Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) , northwest of the Turks and Caicos Islands , southeast of the U.S. state of Florida , and east of the Florida Keys . The capital is Nassau on the island of New Providence . The Royal Bahamas Defence Force describes the Bahamas ' territory as encompassing 470,000 km2 ( 180,000 sq mi ) of ocean space . The Bahamas were inhabited by the Lucayans , a branch of the Arawakan-speaking Taíno people , for many centuries . Columbus was the first European to see the islands , making his first landfall in the 'New World ' in 1492 . Later , the Spanish shipped the native Lucayans to slavery on Hispaniola , after which the Bahama islands were mostly deserted from 1513 until 1648 , when English colonists from Bermuda settled on the island of Eleuthera . The Bahamas became a British crown colony in 1718 , when the British clamped down on piracy . After the American Revolutionary War , the Crown resettled thousands of American Loyalists to the Bahamas ; they took their slaves with them and established plantations on land grants . African slaves and their descendants constituted the majority of the population from this period on . The slave trade was abolished by the British in 1807 ; slavery in the Bahamas was abolished in 1834 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morgantown,_West_Virginia", "text": "Morgantown is a city in , and the county seat of , Monongalia County , West Virginia , United States , situated along the Monongahela River . West Virginia University is located in the city . The population was 29,660 at the 2010 Census Bureau , making Morgantown the largest city in North-Central West Virginia . The Morgantown metropolitan area has a population of 138,176 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Sassoli", "text": "David Maria Sassoli ( born 30 May 1956 , in Florence ) is an Italian politician and journalist , a member of the Democratic Party . An MEP since 2009 , he was elected its President on 3 July 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Country_music", "text": "Country music , also known as country and western ( or simply country ) , and hillbilly music , is a genre of popular music that takes its roots from genres such as American folk music ( especially Appalachian and Western music ) and blues . Its popularized roots originate in the Southern United States of the early 1920s . Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms , folk lyrics , and harmonies mostly accompanied by string instruments such as banjos , electric and acoustic guitars , steel guitars ( such as pedal steels and dobros ) , and fiddles as well as harmonicas . Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history . According to Lindsey Starnes , the term country music gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term hillbilly music ; it came to encompass Western music , which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots , in the mid-20th century . In 2009 in the United States , country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute , and second most popular in the morning commute . The term country music is used today to describe many styles and subgenres . The origins of country music are found in the folk music of working class Americans and/or blue-collar American life , who blended popular songs , Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes , traditional English ballads , cowboy songs , and the musical traditions of various groups of European immigrants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Centennial_Park_Stadium", "text": "The Centennial Park Stadium is a 2,200 seat capacity stadium in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It is primarily used for soccer , track and field , football and occasionally for kabaddi . The park is also used for the ROPSSAA football finals and the PSAA ( Private Schools Athletic Association ) on the first Monday of May for an annual Track and Field Meet . The stadium is named for the city park it is located in , which opened during Canada 's centennial year of 1967 ; the stadium was opened in 1975 , eight years after the centennial . It is located within Centennial Park ( Toronto ) in the Etobicoke district , just south of Toronto Pearson International Airport and near the intersection of Rathburn Road and Renforth Drive . It was built in 1975 . The stadium hosted the first edition of Veteran Athletes Championships in 1975 as well as some sporting events of the 1976 Paralympic Games and the closing ceremony . The stadium has seating in a grandstand on the west side and small scoreboard on the north end of the field . The stadium is home to the Toronto Lynx soccer clubs ( men 's and ladies ' ) . It hosts the Relay For Life in Toronto West event each June , a fundraiser for the Canadian Cancer Society . The stadium hosted the CPSL/CSL Championship finals in 1998 , 2010 , 2011 , and 2014 . In 2017 there were calls and support for the stadium to be renamed after former Mayor Rob Ford as Rob Ford Memorial Stadium , but a city council meeting voted down the motion on October 4 , 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Hampshire", "text": "The 2004 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election . Voters chose 4 representatives , or electors to the Electoral College , who voted for president and vice president . New Hampshire was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a 1.4% margin of victory . Prior to the election , most news organizations considered it as a swing state . Traditionally a more Republican leaning state of the heavily Democratic New England region , it was the only state in all of the Northeast to vote Republican in 2000 . The state is considered to be more fiscally conservative than its neighbors in New England . However , like the rest of New England , it is considerably more liberal on social issues , which benefits Democratic candidates . New Hampshire was the only state that Bush won in the 2000 presidential election but lost in the 2004 presidential election . This is the first time that a Republican won a presidential election while losing New Hampshire , while Bush became the second consecutive Republican president ( after his father ) to lose New Hampshire in his second election having won it in his first . This would also be the first time since 1976 that New Hampshire would back the losing candidate in a presidential election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fencing_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , four fencing events were contested . The 1908 Games were the first to lack a foil competition . Foil fencing , not being in the opinion of the organisers a form of sport which is improved by competition , was held only as a display . The 1908 Olympics did introduce team sabre and épée competitions . As in the 1904 edition , the London Games held no events for masters ; all fencing was done by amateurs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rizal", "text": "Rizal , officially the Province of Rizal ( Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Rizal ) , is a province in the Philippines located in the Calabarzon region , 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) east of Manila . The province is named after José Rizal , one of the main national heroes of the Philippines . Rizal is bordered by Metro Manila to the west , Bulacan to the north , Quezon to the east and Laguna to the southeast . The province also lies on the northern shores of Laguna de Bay , the largest lake in the country . Rizal is a mountainous province perched on the western slopes of the southern portion of the Sierra Madre mountain range . The provincial capitol of Rizal is situated in Antipolo while Pasig , Metro Manila , outside the jurisdiction of the province , is still the official capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elain", "text": "Al Ain ( Arabic : ٱلْعَيْن , al-ʿayn , literally The Spring ) is a city in the Eastern Region of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , on the United Arab Emirates ' border with Oman , adjacent to the town of Al-Buraimi . It is the largest inland city in the Emirates , the fourth-largest overall ( after Dubai , Abu Dhabi , and Sharjah ) , and the second-largest in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi . The freeways connecting Al-Ain , Abu Dhabi , and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the country , each city being roughly 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) from the other two . Al-Ain is known as the Garden City ( Arabic : مَدِيْنَة ٱلْحَدِيْقَة , romanized : Madīnat Al-Ḥadīqah , lit . 'City of The Garden ' ) of Abu Dhabi , the UAE or the Gulf , due to its greenery , particularly with regard to the city 's oases , parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts , with there being strict height controls on new buildings , to no more than seven floors , and according to one author , an oasis around Al-Ain and Al-Hasa in Saudi Arabia are the most important in the Arabian Peninsula . That said , the region of Al-Ain and Al-Buraimi , altogether Tawam or Al-Buraimi Oasis , is of cultural and historical importance . For example , the area witnessed events relevant to the history of Islam during the Rashidun , Umayyad and Abbasid eras , similar to Dibba and Ras Al-Khaimah . It was where Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , the founder of the United Arab Emirates , spent much of his life , at least since 1927 , before becoming the Ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi in 1966 . Though it is often held that he was born in Abu Dhabi , some hold the view that he was born in Al-Ain . Al-Ain may also be the site of the oldest mosque in the country , in the premises of the Sheikh Khalifa Mosque ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_W._Bush", "text": "George Walker Bush ( born July 6 , 1946 ) is an American politician and businessman who served as the 43rd president of the United States from 2001 to 2009 . A member of the Republican Party , he had previously served as the 46th governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000 . Bush is frequently referred to as George W. Bush , Bush Junior , or Bush 43 to distinguish him from his father , George H. W. Bush , who served as the 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993 . Bush is the eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush , and the second son to become the American president after his father , the first being John Quincy Adams . After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975 , he worked in the oil industry . Bush married Laura Welch in 1977 and unsuccessfully ran for the U.S. House of Representatives shortly thereafter . He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election . Bush was elected president of the United States in 2000 when he defeated Democratic incumbent Vice President Al Gore after a narrow and contested win that involved a Supreme Court decision to stop a recount in Florida . He became the fourth person to be elected president while receiving fewer popular votes than his opponent . In response to the September 11 terrorist attacks , Bush launched a War on Terror that began with the war in Afghanistan in 2001 and later expanded to the Iraq War in 2003 . Signature legislation passed during his presidency included broad tax cuts , the Patriot Act , the No Child Left Behind Act , the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act , the Medicare Modernization Act , and funding for the AIDS relief program known as PEPFAR . In the 2004 presidential race , Bush defeated Democratic Senator John Kerry in a close election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Sumatra", "text": "North Sumatra ( Indonesian : Sumatra Utara ) is a province of Indonesia . It consists of a large northwestern belt of the island of Sumatra and its capital is Medan . North Sumatra is the fourth most-populous province after West Java , East Java and Central Java - it covers an area of 72,981 sq.km , and at the Census of 2015 it had a population of 13,923,262 ; the latest official estimate as at mid 2019 is 14,639,400 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_South_Conference", "text": "The Big South Conference is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA 's Division I . Originally a non-football conference , the Big South began sponsoring football in 2002 . Its football teams are part of the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . The Big South , founded in 1983 , is firmly rooted in the South Atlantic region of the United States , with full member institutions located in North Carolina , South Carolina , and Virginia . Associate members are located in Alabama , Georgia , and New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpha_Phi_Alpha", "text": "Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity , Inc. ( ΑΦΑ ) is the first African-American , intercollegiate Greek-lettered fraternity . It was initially a literary and social studies club organized in the 1905-1906 school year at Cornell University but later evolved into a fraternity with a founding date of December 4 , 1906 , at Cornell . It employs an icon from Ancient Egypt , the Great Sphinx of Giza , as its symbol . Its aims are Manly Deeds , Scholarship , and Love For All Mankind , and its motto is First of All , Servants of All , We Shall Transcend All . Its archives are preserved at the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center . Chapters were chartered at Howard University and Virginia Union University in 1907 . The fraternity has over 290,000 members and has been open to men of all races since 1945 . Currently , there are more than 730 active chapters in the Americas , Africa , Europe , the Caribbean , and Asia . It is the largest predominately African-American intercollegiate fraternity and one of the ten largest intercollegiate fraternities in the nation . Alpha Phi Alpha is a social organization with a service organization mission and provided leadership and service during the Great Depression , World Wars , and Civil Rights Movement . The fraternity addresses social issues such as apartheid , AIDS , urban housing , and other economic , cultural , and political issues of interest to people of color . National programs and initiatives of the fraternity include A Voteless People Is a Hopeless People , My Brother 's Keeper , Go To High School , Go To College , Project Alpha , and the World Policy Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ann_Henderson-Sellers", "text": "Professor Ann Henderson-Sellers ( born 1952 ) is an Emeritus Professor of the Department of Environment and Geography at Macquarie University , Sydney . She was the Director of the Joint Planning Staff ( JPS ) of the World Climate Research Programme in 2006 and 2007 and was the Director of the Environment Division at ANSTO from 1998 to 2005 . She was the Deputy Vice-Chancellor ( Research & Development ) of The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology from 1996-1998 . Prior to this she was the founding director of the Climatic Impacts Centre at Macquarie University where she continues to hold a Professorship in Physical Geography . Professor Henderson-Sellers previously led the WMO Project for Intercomparison of Land-surface Parameterization Schemes , which operates as an international Internet-based collaboratry . She recently led the Model Evaluation Consortium for Climate Assessment ( MECCA ) Analysis Team . She also acts as a consultant to the United Nations University on various aspects of the impact of climate . During 1995 she was a convening lead author for the IPCC SAR . Professor Henderson-Sellers has been an Earth Systems scientist all her life spearheading the description and prediction of the influence of land-cover and land-use change on climate and human systems . She has a BSc in mathematics , undertook her PhD in collaboration with the U.K. Meteorological Office and earned a D.Sc . in climate science in 1999 . She is an elected Fellow of Australia 's Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering and was awarded the Centenary Medal of Australia for Service to Australian Society in Meteorology in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Veselin_Đuho", "text": "Veselin Đuho ( born January 5 , 1960 ) is a former water polo player and current water polo coach from Croatia who was a two-time Olympic gold medalist for Yugoslavia at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics . Đuho was born in Foča ( PR Bosnia-Herzegovina , FPR Yugoslavia ) but moved to Dubrovnik as a child , where he started swimming in 1968 and joined VK Jug in 1974 . He spent most of his career in Jug , winning with them five Yugoslav league titles , two Yugoslav cup titles , and the European Championship in 1980 . Playing for the Yugoslavia men 's national water polo team , Đuho won the gold medal at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul , as well as the gold medal at the 1986 World Championship in Madrid , the gold medal at the 1987 World Cup , and silver medals at the 1985 European Championship in Sofia and the 1987 European Championship in Strasbourg . Later in his career he also played in Italy for Rari Nantes Salerno and Rari Nantes Cagliari , before retiring in 1993 to become Cagliari 's coach . He was the coach of VK Jug between 1997 and 2003 , during which time the club won the 2000 LEN Cup , the 2001 LEN Champions League , the Croatian First League in 2000 and 2001 , and the Croatian Cup in 2001 and 2003 . Đuho was then the coach of VK Koper before become the coach of Jug again in 2012 . In March 2014 Đuho was relieved of his coaching duties in Jug ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1980–81_NHL_season", "text": "The 1980-81 NHL season was the 64th season of the National Hockey League . The New York Islanders were the top regular season team and the top playoff team , winning their second consecutive Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Statice_(K281)", "text": "When the United States entered World War II at the end of 1941 , the United States Navy found itself deficient in ocean escort-type vessels . A crash building program was instituted ; but , to meet more immediate needs , the government contracted with shipbuilding firms in England and Canada to build Flower-class corvettes . Vim ( PG-99 ) was one of those British-type escorts . She was launched on 1 April 1943 at the Collingwood Shipyard in Collingwood , Ontario . Nine days later , however , she was transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of the lend-lease agreement in return for another Flower-class corvette then under construction in Canada . The British renamed her HMS Statice , and she served the Royal Navy under the name through World War II . On 21 June 1946 , she was returned to the United States Navy . Though carried on the Navy list as PG-99 , the corvette never saw active service with the United States Navy . She was sold on 7 May 1947 . To whom she was sold and to what purpose she was put is unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India_Martínez", "text": "Jennifer Jessica Martínez Fernández ( Córdoba , Andalusia , October 13 , 1985 ) , known professionally as India Martínez , is a Spanish flamenco and pop singer . Her artistic name was made out by the first manager she had at the age of 17 , when she signed her first record contract , probably due to the racial factions and the very peculiar musical tastes of the singer . Her first contact with flamenco was through the dance classes she received from Nieves Camacho in Córdoba at the age of 5 . When she was 11 years old , she moved with her parents to Puerto de Roquetas de Mar ( Almería ) , where a year later she began to sing and also started to be called La Niña del Puerto . She was nominated to Latin Grammy Award for Best New Artist during Latin Grammy Awards of 2009 . She won Premio Cadena Dial 2012 award for the album Trece Verdades certified gold . She is signed to Sony Music Entertainment . She also won , in 2015 , the Goya for the song of the Spanish film El Niño ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Castletown,_Highland", "text": "Castletown ( ) is a village on the north coast of the Highland council area of Scotland , situated near Dunnet Bay . It is within the civil parish of Olrig , where it is the main settlement , and within the historic county of Caithness . The A836 links the village with Thurso and Tongue in the west and with John o ' Groats in the east . The B876-A99 links the village with Wick in the southeast . Contrary to the common misconception , the name Castletown is a misnomer as there is no castle within the village limits . Much of the village is built on the old townland ( or fermland ) of Stanergill . The Stanergill Burn was the eastern boundary of the townland . It flows now through the eastern end of the village and so into Dunnet Bay and the Atlantic Ocean . The name Stanergill can be read as meaning Stone Valley and much of Castletown was built during the 19th century boom years of Caithness as a source of flagstone . Much of the stone was processed in the harbour area of the village , known as Castlehill , and many of the streets of London , Sydney , Edinburgh and the financial district of New York City are paved with it . The harbour was built by James Bremner . Castletown 's main building is the 'Drill Hall ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luka_Bonačić", "text": "Luka Bonačić ( ; born 21 March 1955 ) is a Croatian football coach and former professional player who is the manager of Varaždin in the Croatian First Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Birds_and_the_BEE9", "text": "Sampa Tembo ( born 1993 ) , known professionally as Sampa the Great , is a Zambian-Australian singer-songwriter and rapper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massimiliano_Gatto", "text": "Massimiliano Gatto ( born 28 October 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Como as a striker ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal_Canadiens", "text": "The Montreal Canadiens [ note 3 ] ( French : Les Canadiens de Montréal ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The club 's official name is le Club de hockey Canadien . The team is frequently referred to in English and French as the Habs . French nicknames for the team include Les Canadiens ( or Le Canadien ) , Le Bleu-Blanc-Rouge , La Sainte-Flanelle , Le Tricolore , Les Glorieux ( or Nos Glorieux ) , Le CH , Le Grand Club and Les Habitants ( from which Habs is derived ) . Founded in 1909 , the Canadiens are the longest continuously operating professional ice hockey team worldwide , and the only existing NHL club to predate the founding of the NHL . One of the oldest North American professional sports franchises , the Canadiens ' history predates that of every other Canadian franchise outside football as well as every American franchise outside baseball and the National Football League 's Arizona Cardinals . The franchise is one of the Original Six teams , a description used for the teams that made up the NHL from 1942 until the 1967 expansion . The team 's championship season in 1992-93 was the last time a Canadian team won the Stanley Cup . The Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times than any other franchise . They have won 24 Stanley Cup championships , 23 of them since the founding of the NHL and 22 of them since 1927 , when NHL teams became the only ones to compete for the Stanley Cup . On a percentage basis , as of 2014 [ needs update ] , the franchise has won 25.3% of all Stanley Cup championships contested after the Challenge Cup era , making it the second most successful professional sports team of the traditional four major sports of Canada and the United States , behind only the Boston Celtics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Running_Man_(1981_film)", "text": "For the Record is a Canadian television drama anthology series that aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1986 . The series aired docudrama television films on contemporary social issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kazakh_SSR", "text": "The Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic [ note 1 ] was one of the transcontinental constituent republics of the Soviet Union from 1936 to 1991 in northern Central Asia . It was created on 5 December 1936 from the Kazakh ASSR , an autonomous republic of the Russian SFSR . At 2,717,300 square kilometres ( 1,049,200 sq mi ) in area , it was the second-largest republic in the USSR , after the Russian SFSR . Its capital was Alma-Ata ( today known as Almaty ) . Today it is the independent nation of Kazakhstan . During its existence as a Soviet Socialist Republic , it was ruled by the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR . On 25 October 1990 , the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh SSR declared its sovereignty on its soil . Nursultan Nazarbayev was elected as president - a role he remained in for the next 29 years . The Kazakh SSR was renamed the Republic of Kazakhstan on 10 December 1991 , which declared its independence six days later , as the last republic to leave the USSR on 16 December 1991 . The Soviet Union was disbanded on 26 December 1991 by the Soviet of the Republics . The Republic of Kazakhstan , the legal successor to the Kazakh SSR , was admitted to the United Nations on 2 March 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lon_Nol", "text": "Marshal Lon Nol ( Khmer : លន់ នល់ , also លន់ ណុល ; 13 November 1913 - 17 November 1985 ) was a Cambodian politician and general who served as prime minister of Cambodia twice ( 1966-67 ; 1969-71 ) , as well as serving repeatedly as defence minister and provincial governor . A nationalist and a republican , he led the military coup of 1970 against Prince Norodom Sihanouk and became the self-proclaimed president of the U.S.-backed Khmer Republic , ruling until 1975 . He was the founder and leader of the short-lived Social Republican Party , and commander-in-chief of the Khmer National Armed Forces . After the Khmer Rouge captured Phnom Penh , Lon Nol fled to the United States , first to Hawaii then to California , where he remained until his death in 1985 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ananya_(actress)", "text": "Ayilya Nair , better known by her stage name Ananya , is an Indian film actress , who appears in Malayalam , Tamil , Kannada and Telugu films Ananya made her acting debut in Malayalam with Positive ( 2008 ) and debuted the following year in Tamil with Naadodigal , which emerged a critical and commercial success . She received the Kerala State Television Award for Best Actress in 2012 for the telefilm Doore and the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress - Tamil for Engaeyum Eppothum in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Loáisiga", "text": "Jonathan Stanley Loáisiga Estrada ( pronounced loh-AYE-see-gah , born November 2 , 1994 ) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aide_de_Camp", "text": "An aide-de-camp ( UK : /ˌeɪddəˈkɒ̃/ , US : /-ˈkæmp/ ; French expression meaning literally helper in the [ military ] camp ) is a personal assistant or secretary to a person of high rank , usually a senior military , police or government officer , or to a member of a royal family or a head of state . An aide-de-camp may participate at ceremonial functions , and the first aide-de-camp is typically the foremost personal aide . This is not to be confused with an adjutant , who is the senior administrator of a military unit . The badge of office for an aide-de-camp is usually the aiguillette , a braided cord in gold or other colours , worn on the shoulder of a uniform . Whether it is worn on the left or the right shoulder is dictated by protocol . In some countries , aide-de-camp is considered to be a title of honour , which confers the post-nominal letters ADC or A de C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fockeberg", "text": "Fockeberg is a Schuttberg in the south of Leipzig Saxony , southeastern Germany , and is actually a pile of rubble left over from the bombing during World War II . Coordinates : 51°19′03″N 12°21′44″E / 51.31750°N 12.36222°E / 51.31750 ; 12.36222"}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_Greco-Roman_middleweight", "text": "The Greco-Roman middleweight was one of four Greco-Roman wrestling weight classes contested on the Wrestling at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . Like all other wrestling events , it was open only to men . The middleweight was the second-lightest weight class , allowing wrestlers up to 73 kilograms ( 161 lb ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Wheeler_(sculptor)", "text": "Sir Charles Thomas Wheeler KCVO CBE PRA ( 14 March 1892 - 22 August 1974 ) was a British sculptor who worked in bronze and stone who became the first sculptor to hold the Presidency of the Royal Academy , from 1956 through 1966 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NuGet", "text": "NuGet is a free and open-source package manager designed for the Microsoft development platform ( formerly known as NuPack ) . Since its introduction in 2010 , NuGet has evolved into a larger ecosystem of tools and services . NuGet is distributed as a Visual Studio extension . Starting with Visual Studio 2012 , NuGet comes pre-installed by default . NuGet is also integrated with SharpDevelop . NuGet can also be used from the command line and automated with scripts . It supports multiple programming languages , including :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Russell_Bufalino", "text": "Russell Bufalino ( born Rosario Alberto Bufalino ; Italian pronunciation : [ roˈzaːrjo alˈbɛrto bufaˈliːno ] ; October 29 , 1903 - February 25 , 1994 ) was an Italian-born American mobster who became the crime boss of the Northeastern Pennsylvania crime family known as the Bufalino crime family , which he ruled from 1959 to 1989 . He was a cousin of attorney William Bufalino , the longtime counsel for Jimmy Hoffa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drupal", "text": "Drupal /ˈdruːpəl/ is a free and open-source content management framework written in PHP and distributed under the GNU General Public License . Drupal provides a back-end framework for at least 2.3% of all websites worldwide - ranging from personal blogs to corporate , political , and government sites . Systems also use Drupal for knowledge management and for business collaboration . As of December 2019 [ update ] , the Drupal community comprised more than 1.39 million members , including 117,000 users actively contributing , resulting in more than 44,000 free modules that extend and customize Drupal functionality , over 2,800 free themes that change the look and feel of Drupal , and at least 1,300 free distributions that allow users to quickly and easily set up a complex , use-specific Drupal in fewer steps . The standard release of Drupal , known as Drupal core , contains basic features common to content-management systems . These include user account registration and maintenance , menu management , RSS feeds , taxonomy , page layout customization , and system administration . The Drupal core installation can serve as a simple website , a single- or multi-user blog , an Internet forum , or a community website providing for user-generated content . Drupal also describes itself as a Web application framework . When compared with notable frameworks Drupal meets most of the generally accepted feature requirements for such web frameworks . Although Drupal offers a sophisticated API for developers , basic Web-site installation and administration of the framework require no programming skills . Drupal runs on any computing platform that supports both a web server capable of running PHP and a database to store content and configuration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asociación_Mexicana_de_Productores_de_Fonogramas_y_Videogramas", "text": "Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas ( AMPROFON ) ( English : Mexican Association of Producers of Phonograms and Videograms , A.C. ) is a non-profit organization integrated by multinational and national record companies in Mexico . Established on April 3 , 1963 , it is a trade association of phonographic companies that represent more than 70 percent of the market in Mexico . AMPROFON is an associated member of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994–95_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 1994-95 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season concluded in the 64-team 1995 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament whose finals were held at the Kingdome in Seattle , Washington . The UCLA Bruins earned their eleventh national championship by defeating the Arkansas Razorbacks 89-78 on April 3 , 1995 . They were coached by Jim Harrick and the NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player was UCLA 's Ed O'Bannon . In the 32-team 1995 National Invitation Tournament , the Virginia Tech Hokies defeated the Marquette Warriors at Madison Square Garden in New York City . Following the season , the 1995 NCAA Men 's Basketball All-American Consensus First team included Ed O'Bannon , Shawn Respert , Joe Smith , Jerry Stackhouse , and Damon Stoudamire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luke_Schenn", "text": "Luke Schenn ( born November 2 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Syracuse Crunch in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) while under contract to the Tampa Bay Lightning in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Schenn played junior hockey with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) . In his final WHL season , Schenn was named to the League 's Second All-Star Team . He was a highly-touted prospect heading into the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , where he was selected in the first round , fifth overall , by the Toronto Maple Leafs . Schenn began his professional career in the NHL during the 2008-09 season and played with the Maple Leafs until being traded to Philadelphia following the 2011-12 season . After his rookie season , Schenn 's play was recognized when he was named to the NHL 's All-Rookie Team . He has represented Canada internationally , winning a gold medal at the 2008 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and a silver medal at the 2009 World Ice Hockey Championships . Schenn is a stay-at-home defenceman whose main focus is preventing goals rather than scoring . With a physical style of play , he is usually among NHL leaders in hits . When he played in Toronto his charity Luke 's Troops helped military families attend Maple Leafs home games . His younger brother Brayden plays for the St. Louis Blues , and helped the Blues win their first Stanley Cup in the 2019 Stanley Cup Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Borneo", "text": "North Borneo ( usually known as British North Borneo , also known as the State of North Borneo ) was a British protectorate located in the northern part of the island of Borneo . The territory of North Borneo was originally established by concessions of the Sultanates of Brunei and Sulu in 1877 and 1878 to a German-born representative of Austria-Hungary , a businessman and diplomat , von Overbeck . Overbeck had recently purchased a small tract of land in the western coast of Borneo in 1876 from American merchant Joseph William Torrey , who had promoted the territory in Hong Kong since 1866 . Overbeck then transferred all his rights to Alfred Dent before withdrawing in 1879 . In 1881 , Dent established the North Borneo Provisional Association Ltd to manage the territory , which was granted a royal charter in the same year . The following year , the Provisional Association was replaced by the North Borneo Chartered Company . The granting of a royal charter worried both the neighbouring Spanish and Dutch authorities ; as a result , the Spanish began to stake their claim of northern Borneo . A protocol known as the Madrid Protocol was signed in 1885 to recognise Spanish presence in the Philippine archipelago , in return establishing the definite border of Spanish influence beyond northern Borneo . To avoid further claims from other European powers , North Borneo was made a British protectorate in 1888 . North Borneo produced timber for export ; along with agriculture this industry remained the main economic resource for the British in Borneo . As the population was too small to effectively serve the economy , the British sponsored various migration schemes for Chinese workers from Hong Kong and China to work in the European plantations , and for Japanese immigrants to participate in the economic activities of North Borneo . The starting of World War II with the arrival of Japanese forces however brought an end to protectorate administration , with the territory placed under a military administration and then designated as a crown colony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Genoa", "text": "The Republic of Genoa ( Italian : Repubblica di Genova ; Ligurian : Repúbrica de Zêna [ ɾeˈpybɾika de ˈzeːna ] ; Latin : Res Publica Ianuensis ) was an independent state from 1005 to 1797 in Liguria on the northwestern Italian coast , incorporating Corsica from 1347 to 1768 , and numerous other territories throughout the Mediterranean . Known as la Superba ( the Superb one ) , la Dominante ( The Dominant one ) , la Dominante dei mari ( the Dominant of the Seas ) , and la Repubblica dei magnifici ( the Republic of the Magnificents ) , during the late Middle Ages Genoa was one of the main commercial powers of the Mediterranean Sea , while between the 16th and 17th centuries it was one of the major financial centers in Europe . It was a celebrated maritime republic and today its coat of arms is depicted in the flag of the Italian Navy . In 1284 , Genoa fought victoriously against the Republic of Pisa in the battle of Meloria for the dominance over the Tyrrhenian Sea , and it was an eternal rival of Venice for dominance in the Mediterranean Sea . The republic began when Genoa became a self-governing commune within the imperial Kingdom of Italy , and ended when it was conquered by the French First Republic under Napoleon and replaced with the Ligurian Republic . Corsica was ceded to France in the Treaty of Versailles of 1768 . The Ligurian Republic was annexed by the First French Empire in 1805 ; its restoration was briefly proclaimed in 1814 following the defeat of Napoleon , but it was ultimately annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1815 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leicester", "text": "Leicester ( /ˈlɛstər/ ( listen ) LEST-ər ) is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands of England , and the county town of Leicestershire . The city lies on the River Soar and close to the eastern end of the National Forest . It is to the north-east of Birmingham and Coventry , south of Nottingham , and west of Peterborough . The 2016 mid year estimate of the population of the City of Leicester unitary authority was 348,300 , an increase of approximately 18,500 ( 5.6% ) from the 2011 census figure of 329,839 , making it the most populous municipality in the East Midlands region . The associated urban area is also the 11th most populous in England and the 13th most populous in the United Kingdom . Leicester is at the intersection of two major railway lines - the north-south Midland Main Line and the east/west Birmingham to London Stansted CrossCountry line ; as well as the confluence of the M1/M69 motorways and the A6/A46 trunk routes . Leicester is the home to football club Leicester City and rugby club Leicester Tigers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alessia_Cara", "text": "Alessia Caracciolo ( born July 11 , 1996 ) , known professionally as Alessia Cara ( /əˈlɛsiə ˈkɑːrə/ ) , is a Canadian singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist . After producing acoustic covers , she signed with EP Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings in 2014 and released her debut single the following year . Here reached number 19 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart and was a sleeper hit in the United States , peaking at number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . Cara 's debut studio album , Know-It-All ( 2015 ) , reached number 8 on the Canadian Albums Chart and number 9 on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States . The album 's third single , Scars to Your Beautiful , reached number 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2016 . In 2017 , Cara collaborated with DJ and producer Zedd to create the single Stay , and with rapper Logic to feature in his song 1-800-273-8255 . Cara has received nominations for four Grammy Awards , including a win for Best New Artist in 2018 . Her second studio album , The Pains of Growing ( 2018 ) , saw the moderate commercial success of the singles Growing Pains and Trust My Lonely ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dimapur", "text": "Dimapur is the largest city in Nagaland , India . Dimapur District is bounded by Kohima district on the east , Peren District on the south , Karbi Anglong district of Assam on the west and stretch of Golaghat District of Assam , in the west and the north . It is the gateway to Nagaland and its only railhead . The city has the only functional airport in the state . It is the only plains tract of hilly Nagaland and has a railway station and airport space for connectivity and economic activity in the new state . Dimapur is the commercial hub of Nagaland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kusatsu,_Shiga", "text": "Kusatsu ( 草津市 , Kusatsu-shi ) is a city located in Shiga Prefecture , Japan . The city was founded on October 15 , 1954 . As of 2016 [ update ] , the city has an estimated population of 139,832 and a population density of 2,100 persons per km² . The total area is 67.82 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_EcoBoost_engine", "text": "EcoBoost is a series of turbocharged , direct-injection gasoline engines produced by Ford and originally co-developed by Australian company FPV Engineering and Mazda . The Ecoboost 2L and 2.3L are Ford turbocharged derivatives of the Mazda L engine . EcoBoost engines are designed to deliver power and torque consistent with those of larger-displacement ( cylinder volume ) , naturally aspirated engines , while achieving about 30% better fuel efficiency and 15% fewer greenhouse emissions , according to Ford . The manufacturer sees the EcoBoost technology as less costly and more versatile than further developing or expanding the use of hybrid and diesel engine technologies . EcoBoost engines are broadly available across Ford 's vehicle lineup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frankfurt_am_Main", "text": "Frankfurt ( officially : Frankfurt am Main ( German : [ ˈfʁaŋkfʊʁt ʔam ˈmaɪn ] ( listen ) ; Hessian : Frangford am Maa ; lit . Frank ford on the [ a ] Main ) ) is a metropolis and the largest city of the German federal state of Hesse , and its 746,878 ( 2017 ) inhabitants make it the fifth-largest city in Germany . On the River Main ( a tributary of the Rhine ) , it forms a continuous conurbation with the neighbouring city of Offenbach am Main , and its urban area has a population of 2.3 million . The city is at the centre of the larger Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region , which has a population of 5.5 million and is Germany 's second-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr Region . Since the enlargement of the European Union in 2013 , the geographic centre of the EU is about 40 km ( 25 mi ) to the east of Frankfurt 's central business district . Like France and Franconia , the city is named after the Franks . Frankfurt is the largest city in the Rhine Franconian dialect area ( Franconian dialects ) , Frankfurt was one of the host cities of the official tournaments of the 1974 and the 2006 FIFA World Cup . Frankfurt was a city state , the Free City of Frankfurt , for nearly five centuries , and was one of the most important cities of the Holy Roman Empire , as a site of imperial coronations ; it lost its sovereignty upon the collapse of the empire in 1806 and then permanently in 1866 , when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia . It has been part of the federal state of Hesse since 1945 . Frankfurt is culturally , ethnically , and religiously diverse , with half of its population , and a majority of young people , having a migration background . A quarter of the population consists of foreign nationals , including many expatriates . Frankfurt is an alpha world city and a global hub for commerce , culture , education , tourism and transportation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anaheim,_California", "text": "Anaheim ( /ˈænəhaɪm/ ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th-most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second-largest city in Orange County in terms of land area , and is known for being the home of the Disneyland Resort , the Anaheim Convention Center , and two major sports teams : the Anaheim Ducks ice hockey club and the Los Angeles Angels baseball team . Anaheim was founded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on March 18 , 1876 ; Orange County was split off from Los Angeles County in 1889 . Anaheim remained largely an agricultural community until Disneyland opened in 1955 . This led to the construction of several hotels and motels around the area , and residential districts in Anaheim soon followed . The city also developed into an industrial center , producing electronics , aircraft parts and canned fruit . Anaheim is a charter city . Anaheim 's city limits extend almost the full width of Orange County , from Cypress in the west , twenty miles east to the Riverside County line in the east , encompass a diverse range of neighborhoods . In the west , mid-20th-century tract houses predominate . Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts , the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony . South of downtown , a center of commercial activity of regional importance begins , the Anaheim-Santa Ana edge city , which stretches east and south into the cities of Orange , Santa Ana and Garden Grove ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milagro_(Santana_album)", "text": "Milagro is the seventeenth studio album by Santana , released in 1992 . Milagro , which means miracle in Spanish , was dedicated to the lives of Miles Davis and Bill Graham , and was Santana 's first album on the Polydor label after twenty-two years with Columbia Records . The album reached 102 in the Billboard 200 . As of 2010 , this is the band Santana 's only studio album not owned by Sony Music Entertainment , the successor to Sony BMG , a company formed by the merger of Columbia 's parent ( the original ) Sony Music Entertainment and BMG , the parent of Santana 's current label Arista Records . The album is owned by Universal Music Group , which purchased Polydor 's parent PolyGram in 1998 . Given the poor commercial performance of the album as well , this is probably the main reason no songs from this album was featured on the 2002 career-spanning compilation The Essential Santana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manje_Bistre", "text": "Manje Bistre ( transl . Bed-blankets , essential needs ) is a 2017 Indian Punjabi-language family drama romantic comedy film featuring Gippy Grewal and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles while Karamjit Anmol , Jaggi Singh , Sardar Sohi and Hobby Dhaliwal in supporting roles . The film is set up in the backdrop of traditional Punjabi wedding . The dialogues are penned by Rana Ranbir , and the story and screenplay is written by Gippy Grewal . It is directed by Baljit Singh Deo and was released on 14 April 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josef_Craig", "text": "Josef Isaac Craig , MBE ( born on 17 February 1997 ) is a retired British Paralympic swimmer . Craig competed in S8 events and qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics , winning gold in a world record time in the men 's 400 m freestyle event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_End_F.C.", "text": "East End Football Club are a Scottish football club from the city of Aberdeen . Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association , they currently play in the SJFA North Superleague . The club is based at New Advocates Park , 500 metres from Pittodrie Stadium , home of Aberdeen . Their home kit colours are black and gold . The team have been managed since November 2018 by Stuart Whicher ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stereotomy", "text": "Stereotomy is the ninth studio album by The Alan Parsons Project , released in 1985 . Not as commercially successful as its predecessor Vulture Culture , the album is structured differently from earlier Project albums , containing three lengthy tracks ( Stereotomy at over seven minutes , Light of the World at over six minutes , and the instrumental Where 's the Walrus ? running over seven and a half minutes ) and two minute-long songs at the end . It is a full digital production and both the LP and CD releases were encoded using the two-channel Ambisonic UHJ format . The original vinyl packaging of the album was different from all the reissues : it featured somewhat more elaborate artwork of the paper sleeve supplied with a special color-filter oversleeve . When inserted , the oversleeve filtered some of the colors of the sleeve artwork , allowing four different variations ( 2 per side ) of it . That was supposed to symbolize visual stereotomy . In the reissues , only one variant remained . The artwork was nominated for Best Album Package at the 29th Annual Grammy Awards . The word stereotomy is taken from The Murders in the Rue Morgue by Edgar Allan Poe . It refers to the cutting of existing solid shapes into different forms ; it is used as a metaphor for the way that famous people ( singers , actors . etc . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrae_Williams", "text": "Andrae Williams ( born 12 July 1983 in Freeport , Bahamas ) is a Bahamian sprint athlete mainly competing in the 400m ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Awdal", "text": "Awdal ( Somali : Awdal ) is an administrative region in Somaliland . It was separated from Woqooyi Galbeed and became a province in 1984 ; it is the most westerly province of Somalia . To the east it borders Maroodi Jeex and to its north-west it borders Djibouti , to its south and south-west lies Ethiopia and the Gulf of Aden to its north . The province has an estimated population of 673,263 . The region comprises the four districts of Borama , the regional capital , Baki , Lughaya , and Zeila ( now the regional capital of newly established but not legally approved ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southampton_Water", "text": "Southampton Water is a tidal estuary north of the Solent and the Isle of Wight in England . The city of Southampton lies at its most northerly point . Along its salt marsh-fringed western shores lie the New Forest villages of Hythe and the waterside , Dibden Bay , and the Esso oil refinery at Fawley . On the slightly steeper eastern shore are the Southampton suburb of Weston , the villages of Netley and Hamble-le-Rice , and the Royal Victoria Country Park . Together with the Solent , Southampton Water is world-renowned for yachting . It served as one of the sailing and motorboating venues for the 1908 Summer Olympics . Geographically , Southampton Water is classified as a ria , or drowned valley , of the English Channel . It was formed by the rivers Test , Itchen and Hamble which flow into it , and became an inlet of the sea at the end of the last ice age when sea levels rose , flooding many valleys in the south of England . In particular , it is likely that Southampton Water formed partly due to the submerging of the River Solent which previously flowed through the area , and of which the River Test , River Itchen and River Medina are thought to be tributaries . Southampton 's emergence as a major port , and particularly as a port handling very large vessels , depended partly on certain geographical features of Southampton Water . Its depth , even in its undeveloped state , was generous ; this depth of water has been increased over the years with comparative ease since the soft silt of the river-bed allows for easy dredging . An additional factor is the phenomenon of the double tide , which results in unusually prolonged periods of high water ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Occidental_Mindoro", "text": "Occidental Mindoro ( Tagalog : Kanlurang Mindoro , Kinaray-a : Natungdan ka Mindoro , Ilocano : Laud nga Mindoro , Spanish : Mindoro Occidental ) ( ISO : PH-MDC ) is a province in the Philippines located in the MIMAROPA region . The province occupies the western half of the island of Mindoro . Its capital is Mamburao but the largest municipality is San Jose . As of 2015 , Occidental Mindoro has 487,414 inhabitants . The province is bordered on the east by the province of Oriental Mindoro , and on the south by the Mindoro Strait . The South China Sea is to the west of the province and Palawan is located to the southwest , across the Mindoro Strait . Batangas is to the north , separated by the Verde Island Passage , a protected marine area and the center of the center of the world 's marine biodiversity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dolphin_Oval", "text": "Dolphin Oval , known as Dolphin Stadium , based on the corner of Ashmole and Klingner Roads in Kippa-Ring , north of Brisbane , is the home ground for the Redcliffe Dolphins rugby league football club , who play in the Queensland Intrust Super Cup . The ground regularly hosts pre-season NRL trials , and hosted the 2001 , 2002 and 2003 Queensland Cup Grand Finals . It is also the occasional home ground of A-League club Brisbane Roar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Real_Steel", "text": "Real Steel is a 2011 American science-fiction sports film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo and co-produced and directed by Shawn Levy for DreamWorks Pictures . The film is based on the short story Steel , written by Richard Matheson , which was originally published in the May 1956 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction , and later adapted into a 1963 Twilight Zone episode . Real Steel was in development for several years before production began on June 24 , 2010 . Filming took place primarily in the U.S. state of Michigan . Animatronic robots were built for the film , and motion capture technology was used to depict the rodeo brawling of computer-generated robots and animatronics . Real Steel was released by Touchstone Pictures in Australia on October 6 , 2011 , and by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures in the United States and Canada on October 7 , 2011 , grossing nearly $ 300 million at the box office . It received mixed reviews , with criticism for the formulaic nature of the plot and the fact that elements remained unresolved or were predictable , but also praise for the visual effects , action sequences and acting performances . The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 84th Academy Awards , but lost to Hugo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Cornel_(K278)", "text": "USS Alacrity ( PG-87 ) was an Action-class patrol boat acquired by the United States Navy for the task of patrolling American coastal waters during World War II . The gunboat was constructed in Collingwood , Ontario , Canada by the Collingwood Shipyard , Ltd. as the British Flower-class corvette HMS Cornel ( K-278 ) . It was transferred to the U. S. Navy on 6 January 1942 ; launched on 4 September 1942 ; and commissioned at Collingwood on 10 December 1942 , Lieutenant H. M. Godsey , USNR , in command . It was the second ship to be named Alacrity by the U.S. Navy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Willebrord_Snell", "text": "Willebrord Snellius ( born Willebrord Snel van Royen ) ( 13 June 1580 - 30 October 1626 ) was a Dutch astronomer and mathematician , known in the English-speaking world as Snell . In the west , especially the English speaking countries , his name is attached to the law of refraction of light . ( It is now known that this law was already known to Ibn Sahl in 984 . The same law was also investigated by Ptolemy and in the Middle Ages by Witelo , but due to lack of adequate mathematical instruments ( trigonometric functions ) their results were saved as tables , not functions . ) The lunar crater Snellius is named after Willebrord Snellius . The Royal Netherlands Navy has named three survey ships after Snellius , including a currently-serving vessel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Supertec", "text": "Supertec was a brand of Formula One engines supplied by Dutch company Super Performance Competition Engineering BV , managed by Flavio Briatore and Bruno Michel . Supertec engines were updated 1998 Renault RS9 units , built by Mecachrome . In May 1998 Super Performance Competition Engineering signed an exclusive distribution agreement with Mecachrome to begin in the 1999 season . The engines were purchased and rebadged as Supertec . Supertecs powered Williams , Benetton and BAR in 1999 , and Benetton and Arrows in 2000 . The Benetton team rebadged the engines as Playlife . After the 2000 season , Supertec were collapsed due to financial problems and thus Renault Sport F1 bought Supertec 's assets in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pike_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Pike County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 65,024 . Its county seat is Pikeville . The county was founded in 1821 . Pike is Kentucky 's easternmost county ; it is also the state 's largest county in terms of land area . Pike County is the 11th largest county in Kentucky in terms of population preceded by Bullitt County and followed by Christian County . Pike County is Kentucky 's third largest banking center , with financial institutions and holding companies having more than $ 1 billion in assets . In the five years spanning 1995-2000 , personal income increased by 28% , and the county 's per capita income exceeded the national and state average growth rates of the past decade . Pike County is the seventy-first Kentucky county in order of creation . With regard to the sale of alcohol , it is classified as a moist county - a county in which alcohol sales are prohibited ( a dry county ) , but containing a wet city , in this case two cities : Pikeville and Coal Run Village , where package alcohol sales are allowed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stephen_Reid_(writer)", "text": "Stephen Reid ( March 13 , 1950 - June 12 , 2018 ) was a Canadian criminal and writer , who was a member of the notorious Stopwatch Gang and was also convicted twice of bank robbery . Reid served time in over 20 prisons in Canada and the United States . Reid was born in Massey , Ontario , on March 13 , 1950 , and is of Irish and Ojibwa descent . Reid , working with fellow Canadians Paddy Mitchell , and Lionel Wright stole approximately $ 15 million - mainly in the 1970s and 1980s - from more than 140 banks and other sites across Canada and the U.S . The Stopwatch Gang , which was famous for its speedy heists - including the 1974 robbery of $ 750,000 in gold bars from the Ottawa Airport - was named for a stopwatch Reid wore around his neck . They successfully completed a $ 750,000 gold heist in 1974 from the Ottawa airport . They were arrested after that robbery and all escaped from prison by 1979 . Later in 1980 , Reid was arrested in Arizona , and began writing in 1984 while serving a 21-year prison sentence at the Kent Institution in Agassiz , British Columbia . During his first sentence , he submitted a manuscript to Susan Musgrave , then writer-in-residence at the University of Waterloo . Thus developed an ongoing correspondence , and they married in 1986 at Kent . He published his first novel , Jackrabbit Parole , that year . Reid was released on full parole in June 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aleksander_Ford", "text": "Aleksander Ford ( born Mosze Lifszyc ; 24 November 1908 in Kiev , Russian Empire - 4 April 1980 in Naples , Florida , United States ) was a Polish film director ; and head of the Polish People 's Army Film Crew in the Soviet Union during World War II . Following the war he was appointed director of the Film Polski company . In 1948 he was appointed as a professor of the National Film School in Łódź ( Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Filmowa ) . Roman Polanski was among his students . Another of Ford 's protégés was the Polish film director Andrzej Wajda . Following the anti-Semitic purge in the communist party in Poland , in 1968 Ford emigrated to Israel and from there through Germany and Denmark , to the United States . He committed suicide in 1980 in Naples , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bright_Young_Things_(film)", "text": "Bright Young Things is a 2003 British drama film written and directed by Stephen Fry . The screenplay , based on the 1930 novel Vile Bodies by Evelyn Waugh , provides satirical social commentary about the Bright Young People - young and carefree London aristocrats and bohemians - as well as society in general , in the late 1920s through to the early 1940s . This was the last film in which John Mills appeared before his death in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arborfield", "text": "Arborfield is a village on the A327 road in Berkshire about 4.5 miles ( 7 km ) south-east of Reading , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Wokingham . It lies in the civil parish of Arborfield and Newland in the Borough of Wokingham , about 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) west of its sister village of Arborfield Cross and the two villages have become collectively known as Arborfield , with no signs marking their boundary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Borama", "text": "Borama ( Somali : Boorama , Arabic : بوراما ) is the capital and the largest city of the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia . The commercial seat of the province , it is situated near the border with Ethiopia . During the Middle Ages , Borama was ruled by the Adal Sultanate . It later formed a part of the British Somaliland protectorate in the first half of the 20th century . According to the UNDP in 2005 the city had a population of around 215,616 , making it one of the largest cities inside Somalia . It has been a leading example in community organizing , having been the first area in Somaliland to adopt a self-help scheme in the wake of the civil war ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Negeri_Sembilan_FA", "text": "Negeri Sembilan Football Association or simply known as Negeri Sembilan is a Malaysian professional football club based in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan that competes in the Malaysia Premier League . Founded in 1923 , the club 's home ground Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium . Negeri Sembilan won their first major honour in 1948 Malaysia Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_McCourt", "text": "Colin McCourt ( born 11 December 1984 ) is an English middle distance runner . In 2017 Colin hit the headlines for a bet he was undertaking . Having ballooned to 94 kg ( 14.8 stone ) since retiring from athletics , he stands to win £1700 after finishing a 5k in under 16 minutes in 2017 . If he failed he had to have the names of seventeen of his friends tattooed onto his back . He finished the race in 15:38 thus beating the bet significantly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rønne_Lighthouse", "text": "Rønne Lighthouse ( Danish : Rønne Bagfyr ) is located close to the waterfront in Rønne on the Danish island of Bornholm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unión_Minas", "text": "Unión Minas is a Peruvian football club , playing in the city of Cerro de Pasco . The club were founded 23 April 1974 and play in the Copa Perú which is the third division of the Peruvian league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1989", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1989 , the 7th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Orange Pavilion , San Bernardino , California on July 25 , 1989 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Brandi Sherwood of Idaho was crowned by outgoing titleholder Mindy Duncan of Oregon . This was the second and final year the pageant was held in San Bernardino . It was hosted by Wil Shriner , with color commentary from Marcia Strassman and Angela Visser , Miss Universe 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hopewell_Township,_Cumberland_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Hopewell Township is a township in Cumberland County , New Jersey , in the United States . It is part of the Vineland-Millville- Bridgeton Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area for statistical purposes . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population was 4,571 , reflecting an increase of 137 ( +3.1% ) from the 4,434 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 219 ( +5.2% ) from the 4,215 counted in the 1990 Census . Hopewell Township was first formed as a precinct on January 19 , 1748 , and was incorporated by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21 , 1798 , as one of New Jersey 's initial group of 104 townships . Portions of the township have been taken to form Columbia Township ( March 12 , 1844 , returned to Hopewell Township on March 11 , 1845 ) , Cohansey Township ( March 6 , 1848 ) and Shiloh borough ( April 9 , 1929 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Diary_of_Anne_Frank_(1980_film)", "text": "The Diary of Anne Frank is a 1980 American made-for-television biographical drama film which originally aired on NBC on November 17 , 1980 . Like the 1959 film of the same name , it was written by Frances Goodrich and Albert Hackett and directed by Boris Sagal . Unlike the 1959 film , the TV-film focuses more on character development than suspense , and is considerably shorter than the 1959 version . Melissa Gilbert plays Anne Frank . Scott Jacoby , the actor portraying Peter Van Daan in the film , is the real-life grandson of Lou Jacobi , who portrayed Peter 's father , Hans Van Dann , in the 1959 film . The film received mixed reviews ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia", "text": "Philadelphia , known colloquially as Philly , is the largest city in the U.S. state and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , and the sixth-most populous U.S. city with a 2018 census-estimated population of 1,584,138 . Since 1854 , the city has had the same geographic boundaries as Philadelphia County , the most populous county in Pennsylvania and the urban core of the eighth-largest U.S. metropolitan statistical area , with over 6 million residents as of 2017 [ update ] . Philadelphia is also the economic and cultural anchor of the greater Delaware Valley , located along the lower Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers , within the Northeast megalopolis . The Delaware Valley 's population of 7.2 million ranks it as the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States . Philadelphia is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States . William Penn , an English Quaker , founded the city in 1682 to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony . Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States , who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 at the Second Continental Congress , and the Constitution at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 . Several other key events occurred in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary War including the First Continental Congress , the preservation of the Liberty Bell , the Battle of Germantown , and the Siege of Fort Mifflin . Philadelphia remained the nation 's largest city until being overtaken by New York City in 1790 ; the city was also one of the nation 's capitals during the revolution , serving as temporary U.S. capital while Washington , D.C. was under construction . In the 19th century , Philadelphia became a major industrial center and a railroad hub . The city grew from an influx of European immigrants , most of whom came from Ireland , Italy and Germany - the three largest reported ancestry groups in the city as of 2015 [ update ] . In the early 20th century , Philadelphia became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration after the Civil War , as well as Puerto Ricans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/László_Tábori", "text": "László Tábori ( July 6 , 1931 - May 23 , 2018 ) was a Hungarian middle- and long-distance runner , best known for equalling the 1500 metres world record and placing 4th in that event at the 1956 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fanling_station", "text": "Fanling ( Chinese : 粉嶺 ; Cantonese Yale : Fánléhng ) is a station on the East Rail Line of the Hong Kong MTR . It is next to Fanling Town Centre , and is only a short walk away from Fung Ying Seen Koon , a well-known Taoist temple . The Fanling Highway was built from 1983 to 1987 directly adjacent to the station . The station is located on Fanling Station Road within the Fanling area in North District , New Territories , Hong Kong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Santa_Rosa", "text": "Naval Outlying Field ( NOLF ) Santa Rosa ( ICAO : KNGS , FAA LID : NGS ) is a military use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) southeast of the central business district of Milton , in Santa Rosa County , Florida , United States . It is owned by the United States Navy and has four asphalt paved runways ( 5/23 , 9/27 , 14/32 , 18/36 ) all of which are 4,500 by 150 feet ( 1,372 x 46 m ) . The airfield is under the control of Commander , Training Air Wing FIVE at NAS Whiting Field , Florida . This airport is assigned a three-letter location identifier of NGS by the Federal Aviation Administration , but it does not have an International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) airport code ( the IATA assigned NGS to Nagasaki Airport in Japan ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Burns_Rally", "text": "Richard Burns Rally is a sim racing game , published by SCi and developed by Warthog with advice of WRC champion Richard Burns . It was released in July 2004 for PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Microsoft Windows , and in July 2005 for Gizmondo . A GameCube release was planned but cancelled , similarly North American releases of all but the Gizmondo version were axed due to the lukewarm reception of the game in Europe . Although reviews were mixed , the game is highly praised by gamers due to its complex physics engine and realistic portrayals of real-life courses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olga_Medvedtseva", "text": "Olga Valeryevna Medvedtseva ( Russian : Ольга Валерьевна Медведцева ) , former Pyleva ( Russian : Пылёва ) , née Zamorozova ( Russian : Заморозова ) , ( born 7 July 1975 ) is a former Russian biathlete . At the 2002 Winter Olympics she won an individual gold medal in the 10 km pursuit , as well as the bronze medal in the team relay . Pyleva also won twice at the Holmenkollen ski festival biathlon competition during the 2004-05 season in the sprint and pursuit events . She retired after the 2009-10 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Settimo_Torinese", "text": "Settimo Torinese ( Piedmontese : Ël Seto ) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin , in Piedmont , Italy . The name settimo means seventh , and it comes from the comune 's distance from Turin , which is seven Roman miles . It is bordered by the other comuni of Leinì , Mappano , Volpiano , Brandizzo , San Mauro Torinese , Gassino Torinese , Castiglione Torinese , and Turin . Sights include the Tower of Settimo , the last remains of the medieval castle ( 13th-14th centuries ) mostly destroyed in the 16th century wars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australopithecus_deyiremeda", "text": "Australopithecus deyiremeda is a proposed species of early hominin among those who lived about 3.5-3.3 million years ago in northern Ethiopia , around the same time and place as several discovered specimens of Australopithecus afarensis , including the well-known Lucy . The discoverers believe A. deyiremeda is a new species . If true , some fossils identified as A. afarensis may more properly belong to A. deyiremeda . Some anthropologists have suggested that the identification of A. deyiremeda as a new species requires more evidence than has been obtained thus far ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Wisconsin–Madison", "text": "The University of Wisconsin-Madison ( also known as University of Wisconsin , Wisconsin , UW , regionally as UW-Madison , or simply Madison ) is a public research university in Madison , Wisconsin . Founded when Wisconsin achieved statehood in 1848 , UW-Madison is the official state university of Wisconsin , and the flagship campus of the University of Wisconsin System . It was the first public university established in Wisconsin and remains the oldest and largest public university in the state . It became a land-grant institution in 1866 . The 933-acre ( 378 ha ) main campus , located on the shores of Lake Mendota , includes four National Historic Landmarks . The University also owns and operates a historic 1,200-acre ( 486 ha ) arboretum established in 1932 , located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of the main campus . UW-Madison is organized into 20 schools and colleges , which enrolled 30,361 undergraduate and 14,052 graduate students in 2018 . Its comprehensive academic program offers 136 undergraduate majors , along with 148 master 's degree programs and 120 doctoral programs . A major contributor to Wisconsin 's economy , the university is the largest employer in the state , with over 21,600 faculty and staff . The UW is one of America 's Public Ivy universities , which refers to top public universities in the United States capable of providing a collegiate experience comparable with the Ivy League . UW-Madison is also categorized as a Doctoral University with the Highest Research Activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education . In 2012 , it had research expenditures of more than $ 1.1 billion , the third highest among universities in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tanoka_Beard", "text": "Tanoka Dwight Beard ( born September 29 , 1971 ) is an American former professional basketball player . During his career , he was able to play both the power forward and center positions . He earned an All-EuroLeague Second Team selection in 2005 , while leading the competition in rebounds , with an average of 10.6 per game . He won various European national domestic league championships and national domestic cups , from various different European basketball leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nova_Scotia", "text": "Nova Scotia ( /noʊvə ˈskoʊʃə/ ) is a province in eastern Canada . With a population of 923,598 as of 2016 , it is the most populous of Canada 's three Maritime provinces and the four Atlantic provinces . It is the country 's second most-densely populated province and second-smallest province by area , both after neighbouring Prince Edward Island . Its area of 55,284 square kilometres ( 21,345 sq mi ) includes Cape Breton Island and 3,800 other coastal islands . The peninsula that makes up Nova Scotia 's mainland is connected to the rest of North America by the Isthmus of Chignecto , on which the province 's land border with New Brunswick is located . The province borders the Bay of Fundy to the northwest and the Atlantic Ocean to the south and east , and is separated from Prince Edward Island and the island of Newfoundland by the Northumberland and Cabot straits , respectively . The land that comprises what is now Nova Scotia has been inhabited by the indigenous Miꞌkmaq people for thousands of years . France 's first settlement in North America , Port-Royal , was established in 1605 and intermittently served in various locations as the capital of the French colony of Acadia for over a hundred years . The Fortress of Louisbourg was a key focus point in the struggle between the British and French for control of the area , changing hands numerous times in the until France relinquished its claims with the Treaty of Paris in 1763 . During the American Revolutionary War , thousands of Loyalists settled in Nova Scotia . In 1848 , Nova Scotia became the first British colony to achieve responsible government , and it federated in July 1867 with New Brunswick and the Province of Canada ( now Ontario and Quebec ) to form what is now the country of Canada . Nova Scotia 's capital and largest city is Halifax , which is today home to about 45 per cent of the province 's population , is the thirteenth-largest census metropolitan area in Canada , the largest city in Atlantic Canada , and Canadas second largest coastal city ( after Vancouver ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dumfries_and_Galloway", "text": "Dumfries and Galloway ( Scots : Dumfries an Gallowa ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Phrìs is Gall-Ghaidhealaibh ) is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands . It comprises the historic counties of Dumfriesshire , Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and Wigtownshire , the latter two of which are collectively known as Galloway . The administrative centre is the town of Dumfries . Following the 1975 reorganisation of local government in Scotland , the three counties were joined to form a single region of Dumfries and Galloway , with four districts within it . Since the Local Government etc . ( Scotland ) Act 1994 , however , it has become a unitary local authority . For lieutenancy purposes , the historic counties are largely maintained with its three lieutenancy areas being Dumfries , Wigtown and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright . To the north , Dumfries and Galloway borders East Ayrshire , South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire ; in the east the Borders ; and to the south the county of Cumbria in England and the Solway Firth . To the west lies the Irish Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_War_I", "text": "World War I ( often abbreviated as WWI or WW1 ) , also known as the First World War or the Great War , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 . Contemporaneously described as the war to end all wars , it led to the mobilisation of more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , making it one of the largest wars in history . It is also one of the deadliest conflicts in history , with an estimated nine million combatants and seven million civilian deaths as a direct result of the war , while resulting genocides and the resulting 1918 influenza pandemic caused another 50 to 100 million deaths worldwide . On 28 June 1914 , Gavrilo Princip , a Bosnian Serb Yugoslav nationalist , assassinated the Austro-Hungarian heir Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo , leading to the July Crisis . In response , on 23 July , Austria-Hungary issued an ultimatum to Serbia . Serbia 's reply failed to satisfy the Austrians , and the two moved to a war footing . A network of interlocking alliances enlarged the crisis from a bilateral issue in the Balkans to one involving most of Europe . By July 1914 , the great powers of Europe were divided into two coalitions : the Triple Entente - consisting of France , Russia , and Britain - and the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary , and Italy ( the Triple Alliance was only defensive in nature , allowing Italy to stay out of the war until April 1915 , when it joined the Allied Powers after its relations with Austria-Hungary deteriorated ) . Russia felt it necessary to back Serbia and , after Austria-Hungary shelled the Serbian capital of Belgrade on the 28 July , approved partial mobilisation . Full Russian mobilisation was announced on the evening of 30 July ; on the 31st , Austria-Hungary and Germany did the same , while Germany demanded Russia demobilise within twelve hours . When Russia failed to comply , Germany declared war on Russia on 1 August in support of Austria-Hungary , with Austria-Hungary following suit on 6 August ; France ordered full mobilisation in support of Russia on 2 August . German strategy for a war on two fronts against France and Russia was to rapidly concentrate the bulk of its army in the West to defeat France within six weeks , then shift forces to the East before Russia could fully mobilise ; this was later known as the Schlieffen Plan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_epic", "text": "A national epic is an epic poem or a literary work of epic scope which seeks or is believed to capture and express the essence or spirit of a particular nation - not necessarily a nation state , but at least an ethnic or linguistic group with aspirations to independence or autonomy . National epics frequently recount the origin of a nation , a part of its history , or a crucial event in the development of national identity such as other national symbols . In a broader sense , a national epic may simply be an epic in the national language which the people or government of that nation are particularly proud of . It is distinct from a pan-national epic which is taken as representative of a larger cultural or linguistic group than a nation or a nation-state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hindu", "text": "Hindus ( Hindustani : [ ˈɦɪndu ] ( listen ) ) are persons who regard themselves as culturally , ethnically , or religiously adhering to aspects of Hinduism . Historically , the term has also been used as a geographical , cultural , and later religious identifier for people living in the Indian subcontinent . The historical meaning of the term Hindu has evolved with time . Starting with the Persian and Greek references to the land of the Indus in the 1st millennium BCE through the texts of the medieval era , the term Hindu implied a geographic , ethnic or cultural identifier for people living in the Indian subcontinent around or beyond the Sindhu ( Indus ) river . By the 16th century , the term began to refer to residents of the subcontinent who were not Turkic or Muslims . [ a ] [ b ] The historical development of Hindu self-identity within the local South Asian population , in a religious or cultural sense , is unclear . Competing theories state that Hindu identity developed in the British colonial era , or that it may have developed post-8th century CE after the Islamic invasion and medieval Hindu-Muslim wars . A sense of Hindu identity and the term Hindu appears in some texts dated between the 13th and 18th century in Sanskrit and Bengali . The 14th- and 18th-century Indian poets such as Vidyapati , Kabir and Eknath used the phrase Hindu dharma ( Hinduism ) and contrasted it with Turaka dharma ( Islam ) . The Christian friar Sebastiao Manrique used the term 'Hindu ' in religious context in 1649 . In the 18th century , the European merchants and colonists began to refer to the followers of Indian religions collectively as Hindus , in contrast to Mohamedans for Mughals and Arabs following Islam . By the mid-19th century , colonial orientalist texts further distinguished Hindus from Buddhists , Sikhs and Jains , but the colonial laws continued to consider all of them to be within the scope of the term Hindu until about mid-20th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Berenger", "text": "Tom Berenger ( born Thomas Michael Moore ; May 31 , 1949 ) is an American television and motion picture actor . He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Staff Sergeant Bob Barnes in Platoon ( 1986 ) . He is also known for playing Jake Taylor in the Major League films and Thomas Beckett in the Sniper films . Other films he appeared in include Looking for Mr. Goodbar ( 1977 ) , The Dogs of War ( 1980 ) , The Big Chill ( 1983 ) , Eddie and the Cruisers ( 1983 ) , Betrayed ( 1988 ) , The Field ( 1990 ) , Gettysburg ( 1993 ) , The Substitute ( 1996 ) , One Man 's Hero ( 1999 ) , Training Day ( 2001 ) , and Inception ( 2010 ) . Berenger won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for his performance as Jim Vance in the 2012 miniseries Hatfields & McCoys ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Second_baseman", "text": "In baseball and softball , second baseman is a fielding position in the infield , between second and first base . The second baseman often possesses quick hands and feet , needs the ability to get rid of the ball quickly , and must be able to make the pivot on a double play . In addition , second basemen are usually right-handed ; only four left-handed throwing players have ever played second base in Major League Baseball since 1950 . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the second baseman is assigned the number 4 . Good second basemen need to have very good range since they have to field balls closer to the first baseman who is often holding runners on , or moving towards the base to cover . On a batted ball to right field , the second baseman goes out towards the ball for the relay . Due to these requirements , second base is sometimes a primarily defensive position in the modern game , but there are hitting stars as well ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rudolf_Svedberg", "text": "Per Vilhelm Rudolf Preven Svedberg ( 19 August 1910 - 24 June 1992 ) was a welterweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Sweden . He won gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics and 1935 European Championships , finishing second in 1938 . Between 1934 and 1944 he won ten national titles . After retiring from competitions Svedberg worked with the national team , first as an assistant coach , in 1945-56 under Robert Oksa , and then as the head coach from 1956 to 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Carlos", "text": "São Carlos ( Saint Charles , in English , Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w̃ ˈkaʁlus ] ; named after Saint Charles Borromeo ) is a Brazilian municipality in the interior of the state of São Paulo , 254 kilometers from the city of São Paulo . With a population of 249,415 inhabitants , it is the 13th largest city in the state in terms of the number of residents , being almost in the center of the state of São Paulo . The municipality is formed by the headquarters and the districts of Água Vermelha , Bela Vista São-Carlense , Santa Eudóxia and Vila Nery . The city is an important regional industrial center , with the economy based on industrial activities and farming , such as the production of sugar cane , orange , milk and chicken . Served by road and rail systems , São Carlos houses several multinational companies . Given local and , in some ways , regional needs , there is a network of commerce and services distributed in street stores , convenience stores and a mall of the Iguatemi network . In the field of research , besides the universities , two centers of technical development of Embrapa are present in the municipality . São Carlos is the first city in South America in numbers of doctors per inhabitant , according to a survey done since 2006 by UFSCar . In all , there are 1,700 PhDs , which represents one for every 135 inhabitants . In Brazil , the ratio is one PhD per 5423 inhabitants . The city is home to several public higher education institutions , such as the Federal University of São Carlos ( UFSCar ) , two campi of the University of São Paulo ( USP ) , the Federal Institute of São Paulo ( IFSP ) and FATEC , as well as a private higher education institution . This makes intense the university activity in the city , which affects the population count ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Segundo,_CA", "text": "El Segundo /səˈɡʌndoʊ/ is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States . El Segundo , from Spanish , means The Second . Located on the Santa Monica Bay , it was incorporated on January 18 , 1917 , and part of the South Bay Cities Council of Governments . The population was 16,654 at the 2010 census , slightly up from 16,033 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1882_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1882 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nyayo_National_Stadium", "text": "Nyayo National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nairobi , Kenya . It is located near the city centre . The stadium was built in 1983 for a capacity of 30,000 . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The popular AFC Leopards football club plays most of its home games at Nyayo stadium . The stadium is also used for athletics and various ceremonies . Other facilities at the Nyayo Stadium include a gymnasium and a 50-metre swimming pool . Rugby union club Mwamba RFC used the Nyayo National Stadium for home games . The completion of the Nyayo Stadium gave Kenya the opportunity to be placed in the category of nations that were invited to bid for the 4th All-Africa Games in 1987 , a bid that was awarded to Kenya , giving it International status . In essence , the Nyayo Stadium gave birth to Moi International Sports Centre . The Nyayo Stadium was the host venue of the 2010 African Championships in Athletics . The stadium was renamed to the Coca-Cola National Stadium after the multi-national company won the naming rights to the stadium in February 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mad_Men", "text": "Mad Men is an American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner and produced by Lionsgate Television . The series ran on the cable network AMC from 2007 to 2015 , lasting for seven seasons and 92 episodes . Its fictional time frame runs from March 1960 to November 1970 . Mad Men is set initially at the fictional Sterling Cooper advertising agency on Madison Avenue in Manhattan , New York City , and later at the newly created firm of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce ( later named Sterling Cooper & Partners ) , located near the Time-Life Building at 1271 Sixth Avenue . According to the pilot episode , the phrase Mad men was a slang term coined in the 1950s by advertisers working on Madison Avenue to refer to themselves , Mad being short for Madison . ( In reality , the only documented use of the phrase prior to the series may have been in the late-1950s writings of James Kelly , an advertising executive and writer . ) The series ' main character is the womanizing advertising executive Don Draper ( played by Jon Hamm ) , who is initially the talented creative director at Sterling Cooper , and later a founding partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce . The plot tracks the people in his personal and professional lives . As the series progresses , it depicts the changing moods and social mores of the United States throughout the 1960s . Mad Men won critical acclaim for its writing , acting , directing , visual style , and historical authenticity ; it won many awards , including 16 Emmys and 5 Golden Globes . The show was also the first basic cable series to receive the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series , winning the award each year of its first four seasons ( 2008-2011 ) . It is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time , and as part of the early 21st century Golden Age of Television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Brunswick_Progressive_Conservative_Party", "text": "The Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick is a centre-right , conservative political party in the Canadian province of New Brunswick . The party has its origins in the pre-Canadian confederation Conservative Party that opposed the granting of responsible government to the colony . It has historically followed the Red Tory tradition . The Progressive Conservative Party currently leads the provincial government since 2018 under Premier Blaine Higgs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guatemala", "text": "Guatemala ( /ˌɡwɑːtəˈmɑːlə/ ( listen ) GWAH-tə-MAH-lə ; Spanish : [ gwateˈmala ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Guatemala ( Spanish : República de Guatemala ) , is a country in Central America bordered by Mexico to the north and west , Belize and the Caribbean to the northeast , Honduras to the east , El Salvador to the southeast and the Pacific Ocean to the south . With an estimated population of around 17.2 million , it is the most populous country in Central America . Guatemala is a representative democracy ; its capital and largest city is Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción , also known as Guatemala City . The territory of modern Guatemala once formed the core of the Maya civilization , which extended across Mesoamerica . Most of the country was conquered by the Spanish in the 16th century , becoming part of the viceroyalty of New Spain . Guatemala attained independence in 1821 as part of the Federal Republic of Central America , which dissolved by 1841 . From the mid- to late-19th century , Guatemala experienced chronic instability and civil strife . Beginning in the early 20th century , it was ruled by a series of dictators backed by the United Fruit Company and the United States government . In 1944 , the authoritarian leader Jorge Ubico was overthrown by a pro-democratic military coup , initiating a decade-long revolution that led to sweeping social and economic reforms . A U.S.-backed military coup in 1954 ended the revolution and installed a dictatorship . From 1960 to 1996 , Guatemala endured a bloody civil war fought between the US-backed government and leftist rebels , including genocidal massacres of the Maya population perpetrated by the military . Since a United Nations-negotiated peace accord , Guatemala has witnessed both economic growth and successful democratic elections , though it continues to struggle with high rates of poverty , crime , drug trade , and instability ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ordinary_People_(Slovakia)", "text": "Ordinary People ( ) , full name Ordinary People and Independent Personalities ( , OĽaNO ) , is a populist , conservative political party in Slovakia . It ran four candidates on the list of the Freedom and Solidarity ( SaS ) party in the 2010 parliamentary election to the National Council , and all four were elected . The party is led by Igor Matovič , one of the four MPs . The four Ordinary People MPs were Igor Matovič , Erika Jurinová , Martin Fecko , Jozef Viskupič . OĽaNO sat in the National Council with the SaS and signed an agreement with the SaS that its members could not cross the floor to another group . In June and July 2010 , it was rumoured that OĽaNO would refuse to back the programme of the new centre-right coalition , which included Freedom and Solidarity , and whose majority depended on Ordinary People . In August 2010 , Matovič said that it was not the right time to become an independent party . However , on 28 October 2011 , Ordinary People filed a formal party registration , while Matovič announced that the party would compete in 2012 parliamentary election as a separate electoral list , of independents and representatives of the Civic Conservative Party and the Conservative Democrats . In the 2012 election the party came in third place overall , winning 8.55% of the vote and 16 seats . In the 2014 European elections , OĽaNO came in fourth place nationally , receiving 7.46% of the vote and electing 1 MEP . In the 2016 Slovak parliamentary election , the Ordinary People ran in alliance with New Majority . They received 11.03% votes in Slovakia and consequently 19 MPs in the Slovak Parliament , 17 of whom came from Ordinary People ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johnny_Mercer", "text": "John Herndon Mercer ( November 18 , 1909 - June 25 , 1976 ) was an American lyricist , songwriter , and singer . He was also a record label executive who co-founded Capitol Records with music industry businessman Buddy DeSylva and Glenn E. Wallichs . He is best known as a Tin Pan Alley lyricist , but he also composed music . He was also a popular singer who recorded his own songs as well as songs written by others . From the mid-1930s through the mid-1950s , many of the songs Mercer wrote and performed were among the most popular hits of the time , including Moon River , Days of Wine and Roses , Autumn Leaves , and Hooray for Hollywood . He wrote the lyrics to more than 1,500 songs , including compositions for movies and Broadway shows . He received nineteen Oscar nominations , and won four Best Original Song Oscars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Daniels", "text": "Newton Edward Daniels ( 6 April 1938 - 17 March 2016 ) , known professionally as Paul Daniels , was an English magician and television presenter . He achieved international fame through his television series The Paul Daniels Magic Show , which ran on the BBC from 1979 to 1994 . He was known for his catchphrase , You 'll like this . not a lot , but you 'll like it ! and for his marriage to his assistant , Debbie McGee . He was awarded the Magician of the Year Award by the Academy of Magical Arts in 1982 , the first magician from outside the United States to receive it . He also won the Golden Rose of Montreux in 1985 . He was a Member of the Inner Magic Circle with Gold Star . [ citation needed ] He has been described as The Godfather of Magic and has been repeatedly credited with inspiring many top professional magicians to start in the profession . Daniels was noted for being outspoken on matters including politics , current affairs , magic , entertainment , and fellow celebrities . He also appeared in reality television shows . He was described by Lord Michael Grade , former controller of both the BBC and ITV , when talking of Paul on BBC News in 2016 , as ' a genius ' , ' a brilliant showman ' and a 'pillar of Saturday Night for the BBC in their golden era of ratings ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oswaldo_Mairena", "text": "Oswaldo Antonio Mairena ( born July 30 , 1975 in Chinandega , Nicaragua ) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins . Mairena was signed by the New York Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1996 . He pitched in the Yankees organization until July 21 , 2000 , when he was traded with Ben Ford to the Chicago Cubs for Glenallen Hill . Mairena made his major league debut for the Cubs on September 5 , 2000 , but was traded during spring training 2001 , to the Florida Marlins for Manny Aybar . In 2002 , he pitched in 31 games for the Marlins and had an ERA of 5.35 . He spent all of 2003 with Triple-A Albuquerque . [ citation needed ] He finished his career in the Mexican League , pitching there in 2004-05 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madikeri", "text": "Madikeri ( also known by its former name Mercara ) is a hill station town in Madikeri taluk in Karnataka state , India . It is the headquarters of the district of Kodagu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Non-geographic_postcodes", "text": "Postal codes used in the United Kingdom are known as postcodes ( originally , postal codes ) . They are alphanumeric and were adopted nationally between 11 October 1959 and 1974 , having been devised by the General Post Office ( Royal Mail ) . A full postcode is known as a postcode unit and designates an area with a number of addresses or a single major delivery point . The structure of a postcode is two alphanumeric codes , the first having between two and four characters and the second , three characters . First , one or two letters indicate the postcode area , followed by one or two digits signifying a district within that area . This is followed by a space and then a number denoting a sector within said district , and finally by two letters which are allocated to streets or sides of a street . Postcode areas are often named for a major town or city ( such as B for Birmingham ) but may also be geographic in nature ( such as HS for Outer Hebrides ) . Each postcode area contains a number of post towns which are not themselves alphabetically denoted however each will generally constitute one ( or more ) postcode districts . ( Example : a sizeable part of Southern England is covered by the GU postcode area , named for the town of Guildford . Guildford comprises postal districts GU1 and GU2 . Nearby Woking , a major commuter town 6 miles distant , is a post town within postal district GU22 . ) The central part of the town or city the postcode area is named after will have the number one e.g ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australia", "text": "Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania , and numerous smaller islands . It is the largest country in Oceania and the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The population of 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest city is Sydney . The country 's other major metropolitan areas are Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . Indigenous Australians inhabited the continent for about 65,000 years prior to the first arrival of Dutch explorers in the early 17th century , who named it New Holland . In 1770 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 , a date which became Australia 's national day . The population grew steadily in subsequent decades , and by the time of an 1850s gold rush , most of the continent had been explored and an additional five self-governing crown colonies established . On 1 January 1901 , the six colonies federated , forming the Commonwealth of Australia . Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy , comprising six states and ten territories . Australia is the oldest , flattest , and driest inhabited continent , with the least fertile soils . It has a landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometres ( 2,941,300 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dangerously_They_Live", "text": "Dangerously They Live is a 1941 American World War II spy film directed by Robert Florey , and starring John Garfield , Nancy Coleman and Raymond Massey . Nazi spies try to pry information out of a British agent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Essex", "text": "Essex ( /ˈɛsɪks/ ) is a county in the southeast of England , northeast of London . One of the home counties , it borders Suffolk and Cambridgeshire to the north , Hertfordshire to the west , Kent across the estuary of the River Thames to the south , and London to the southwest . The county town is Chelmsford , the only city in the county . For government statistical purposes Essex is placed in the East of England region . There are three definitions of the extent of Essex , the widest being the Ancient County , the more usual being the smaller Ceremonial County and smallest being the administrative county - the area administered by the County Council and which excludes the two unitary authorities of Thurrock and Southend-on-Sea . The Ceremonial County occupies the eastern part of what was , during the Early Middle Ages , the Kingdom of Essex . As well as rural areas , the county also includes London Stansted Airport , the new towns of Basildon and Harlow , Lakeside Shopping Centre , the port of Tilbury and the borough of Southend-on-Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Loch_disaster", "text": "The West Loch Disaster was a maritime accident during World War II at Pearl Harbor U.S . Naval Base in Hawaii . The incident , which occurred just after 3:00 p.m. on Sunday , May 21 , 1944 , began following an explosion in a staging area for Landing Ships , Tank ( LSTs ) and other amphibious assault ships in West Loch . A fire quickly spread among the ships being prepared for Operation Forager , the invasion of the Japanese-held Mariana Islands . Over the next 24 hours , six LSTs sank , 163 naval personnel died , and 396 were injured . A subsequent Naval Board of Inquiry never determined the exact cause of the disaster but concluded that the initial explosion was caused when a mortar round aboard LST-353 detonated during an unloading operation because it was either dropped or went off when gasoline vapors ignited . The incident - together with the Port Chicago disaster two months later - led to major changes in weapons-handling practices within the United States Navy . The LST wreckage was quickly cleared in a salvage operation and dumped at sea 3 mi ( 2.6 nmi ; 4.8 km ) south of Hawaii . Only the hull of the partially beached LST-480 was left in West Loch . A press blackout was enforced and naval personnel were ordered not to talk about the incident . The disaster was classified until 1960 and is therefore not well known . During the salvage and removal of the wrecks from West Loch , the U.S. Navy found remains of a Japanese midget submarine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jane_Blalock", "text": "Barbara Jane Blalock ( born September 19 , 1945 ) is an American business executive and retired professional golfer . After winning several New England golf tournaments in her youth , Blalock joined the LPGA Tour as a professional in 1969 , being named LPGA Tour Rookie of the Year in 1969 and Most Improved Golfer in 1970 and 1971 . She won the historically notable Dinah Shore Colgate Winner 's Circle in 1972 , earning the richest prize in women 's golf history . After successfully fighting a suspension from the LPGA for allegedly signing an incorrect scorecard a month after Dinah Shore , by 1977 she was the sixth-highest paid female golfer of all time . The Evening Independent described her as one of the foremost women golfers of her time the following year . Nursing a herniated disc , Blalock failed to win a tournament from 1981 until 1984 , though after two wins in 1985 she was named Comeback Player of the Year by Golf Digest . Since retiring in 1987 , Blalock continues to hold the world record for most consecutive cuts made on a professional [ golf ] tour , with her 299 unbroken cuts considered the longest streak for any LPGA Tour or PGA Tour player in history . She also has the most wins of any LPGA player without a major championship . Voted into the Legends Hall of Fame in 2014 by a committee of LPGA veterans , she remains founder and CEO of both the Legends Tour for veteran female LPGA golfers and the LPGA Golf Clinics for Women . Her company , JBC Golf , Inc. , manages both programs . Associated with various boards and non-profit organizations , she has authored two books : The Guts To Win ( Simon & Schuster , 1977 ) and Gimmies , Bogies and Business ( Mastermedia , 1999 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint_John_Airport", "text": "Saint John Airport ( IATA : YSJ , ICAO : CYSJ ) is an airport located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) east northeast of the central business district of Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada . The airport is wholly within the boundaries of the City of Saint John . In 2018 , the terminal handled 282,217 passengers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wynnewood,_Oklahoma", "text": "Wynnewood is a city in Garvin County , Oklahoma , United States . It is 67 miles ( 108 km ) south of Oklahoma City . The population was 2,212 at the 2010 U.S. census , compared to 2,367 at the 2000 census . Located in what was then the Chickasaw Nation of Indian Territory , it began as a village called Walner in 1886 , on the proposed route of the Gulf , Colorado and Santa Fe Railway . Railroad workers from Pennsylvania named the community for Wynnewood , a community outside of Philadelphia . The name became official on April 6 , 1887 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1998", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1998 , the 16th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Shreveport , Louisiana on 17 August 1998 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Vanessa Minnillo of South Carolina was crowned by outgoing queen Shelly Moore of Tennessee . The pageant was hosted by Mario Lopez with color commentary by Ali Landry and Julie Moran . Landry held the Miss Louisiana Teen USA 1990 , Miss Louisiana USA 1996 and Miss USA 1996 titles , making the semi-finals at Miss Teen USA 1990 pageant before winning Miss USA 1996 . During the pageant there was entertainment by N'Sync ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slovenian_Democratic_Party", "text": "The Slovenian Democratic Party ( , SDS ) , formerly the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia ( , SDSS ) , is a nationalist right-wing populist political party in Slovenia . Led by Janez Janša , the SDS is a member of the European People 's Party ( EPP ) , Centrist Democrat International and International Democrat Union ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sana'a", "text": "Sanaa ( Arabic : صَنْعَاء , Ṣanʿāʾ [ sˤɑnʕaːʔ ] , Yemeni Arabic : [ ˈsˤɑnʕɑ ] ; Old South Arabian : 𐩮𐩬𐩲𐩥 Ṣnʿw ) , also spelled Sanaʽa or Sana , is the largest city in Yemen and the centre of Sanaa Governorate . The city is not part of the Governorate , but forms the separate administrative district of Amanat Al-Asemah . Under the Yemeni constitution , Sanaʽa is the capital of the country , although the seat of the internationally recognised government moved to Aden in the aftermath of the September 21 Revolution . Aden was declared as the temporary capital by President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi in March 2015 . Sanaʽa is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world . At an elevation of 2,300 metres ( 7,500 ft ) , it is also one of the highest capital cities in the world and is next to the Sarawat Mountains of Jabal An-Nabi Shu'ayb and Jabal Tiyal , considered to be the highest mountains in the country and amongst the highest in the region . Sanaʽa has a population of approximately 3,937,500 ( 2012 ) , making it Yemen 's largest city . The Old City of Sanaʽa , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , has a distinctive architectural character , most notably expressed in its multi-storey buildings decorated with geometric patterns . In the conflict that raged in 2015 , bombs hit UNESCO sites in the old city . Located here is the Al Saleh Mosque , the largest in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Borough_of_Milton_Keynes", "text": "The Borough of Milton Keynes is a unitary authority area and borough of the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire . It is the northernmost district of the South East England Region . It was originally one of five non-metropolitan districts of Buckinghamshire , but on 1 April 1997 , under a recommendation of the Local Government Commission for England , it became a self-governing unitary authority , independent from Buckinghamshire County Council . The Borough borders the non-metropolitan counties of Bedfordshire , Northamptonshire and Buckinghamshire ( that part of the county under the control of Buckinghamshire County Council ) . The principal settlement in the borough is Milton Keynes itself , which accounts for about 29% of its area and 90% of its population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hannah_Beech", "text": "Hannah Beech is an American journalist . Since August 2017 , she has been the Southeast Asia Bureau Chief for The New York Times based in Bangkok . She formerly worked for TIME Magazine ; Beech specializes in Asia , and was sometimes credited as TIME 's Southeast Asia bureau chief . In September 2017 she reported on the desperate situation of Rohingya refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar . In 2009 , Beech was awarded for Excellence in Reporting Breaking News , Honourable Mention , in the Society of Publishers in Asia Awards for Editorial Excellence ( SOPA Awards ) , for her reporting on Cyclone Nargis in Burma . She also received a 2007 Honourable Mention for Best Opinion Writing . Beech graduated in 1995 from Colby College . She did undergraduate internships at U.S. News & World Report and Asian media outlets . She was the 1994 recipient of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship for Maryland . Beech is married to journalist and author and freelance reporter Brook Larmer , and they have two sons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Dolphins", "text": "The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in the Miami metropolitan area . The Dolphins compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) East division . The Dolphins play their home games at Hard Rock Stadium , located in the northern suburb of Miami Gardens , Florida . The Dolphins are the oldest professional sports team in Florida . Of the four AFC East teams , they are the only team in the division that was not a charter member of the American Football League ( AFL ) . The Dolphins were founded by attorney-politician Joe Robbie and actor-comedian Danny Thomas . They began play in the AFL in 1966 . The region had not had a professional football team since the days of the Miami Seahawks , who played in the All-America Football Conference in 1946 , before becoming the first incarnation of the Baltimore Colts . For the first few years , the Dolphins ' full-time training camp and practice facilities were at Saint Andrew 's School , a private boys boarding prep school in Boca Raton . In the 1970 AFL-NFL merger , the Dolphins joined the NFL . The team made its first Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl VI , losing to the Dallas Cowboys , 24-3 . The following year , the Dolphins completed the NFL 's only perfect season , culminating in a Super Bowl win , winning all 14 of their regular season games , and all three of their playoff games , including Super Bowl VII ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tulane_University", "text": "Tulane University is a private research university in New Orleans , Louisiana . It was founded as a public medical college in 1834 and became a comprehensive university in 1847 . The institution was made private under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884 . Tulane is the 9th oldest private university in the Association of American Universities , which consists of major research universities in the United States and Canada . The Tulane University Law School and Tulane University Medical School are considered the 12th oldest and 15th oldest law and medical schools , respectively , in the United States . Alumni include prominent entrepreneurs , founders , and inventors in technology , medical devices , entertainment , retail , mass media , fashion , and public policy ; the President of Costa Rica ; U.S. State governors ; Federal judges ( including a Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court ) ; U.S . Senators ; U.S. Members of Congress ( including a Speaker of the House ) ; heads of Federal agencies ; two Surgeons General of the United States ; U.S. diplomats ; at least 23 undergraduate Marshall scholars ( which ranks Tulane 18th among all universities and colleges ) ; at least 18 Rhodes scholars ; at least 12 Truman scholars ; 155 Fulbright scholars ; prominent screenwriters ; Emmy-award winners ; Oscar-Award winners ; Pulitzer-prize-winning authors ; chief executive officers ; major law firm partners ; university presidents ; living billionaires including Ricardo Salinas Pliego ; Stanley Motta ; David Filo ; and Jerry Springer . At least two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Ignacio_United", "text": "San Ignacio United . is a Belizean football club it was founded and owned by : Primitivo Medina , Johnny Medina and Mark Medina in August 2011 and competed in the Belize first division under the Cayo Football Association . The Club currently has 25 registered members consisting of players and the managing Staff , the players are a mixture of professional players from the Belize national selection and talented upcoming youths . The club is currently registered to play in the PLB ( Premier League of Belize ) . The Premier League of Belize is the countries newest , biggest and only major league Football in Belize , and is played in a national level under The Belize Sport Council , Football Federation of Belize . and FIFA . The team is based in San Ignacio . Their home stadium is Norman Broaster Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sa`dah", "text": "Sa'dah ( Arabic : صعدة Ṣaʿda ) is the capital city of Saada Governorate in north-western Yemen at an elevation of about 1,800 meters . Its population in 2004 was estimated at 51,870 . It was formerly identified with Karna , the kingdom of the ancient kingdom of Ma'in , which is now known to be identical to the ancient Qarnawu near the modern Ma'in in the Al Jawf Governorate . After the Battle of Sa'dah in 2011 , Houthis took control of the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Owen_Wilson", "text": "Owen Cunningham Wilson ( born November 18 , 1968 ) is an American actor , producer , and screenwriter . He has had a long association with filmmaker Wes Anderson , with whom he shared writing and acting credits for Bottle Rocket ( 1996 ) and The Royal Tenenbaums ( 2001 ) , the latter of which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay . He has appeared in a number of Frat Pack comedies and voiced Lightning McQueen in the Cars franchise . His older brother Andrew and younger brother Luke are also actors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armanizam_Dolah", "text": "Armanizam Dolah is a Singaporean footballer who played for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S.League . He is the team captain of the Rams . He currently works at Marina Bay Sands . He played with Balestier Khalsa Football Club in the 2011 S-League season before rejoining his Tigers coach , Salim Moin , at Woodlands Wellington FC in 2012 . He is one of the many players who switched from Balestier to Woodlands in the 2011 off-season , the others being Ahmadulhaq Che Omar , K. Sathiaraj and Shamsurin Abdul Rahman . Armanizam was singled out as one of the exciting players to watch in the 2012 S-League and he was named as one of the top 10 signings of the 2012 S-League season by Voxsports . Following his impressive performances in the 2012 season , Armanizam was handed the captain 's armband for the 2013 season after similarly impressing Woodlands head coach Salim Moin and his coaching panel as the team captain during the Rams ' pre-season friendlies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_University_of_Colombia", "text": "The National University of Colombia ( Spanish : Universidad Nacional de Colombia ) is a public and national research university in Colombia , with general campuses in Bogotá , Medellín , Manizales and Palmira , and satellite campuses in Leticia , San Andrés ( island ) , Arauca , Tumaco and La Paz , Cesar . It was established in 1867 by an act of the Congress of Colombia , and , as of 2017 , was one of the largest universities in the country with more than 53,000 students . It grants many academic degrees and offers 450 academic programmes , including 95 undergraduate degrees , 83 academic specializations , 40 medical specialties , 167 master 's degrees , and 65 doctorates . Approximately 44,000 students are enrolled for an undergraduate degree and 10,000 for a postgraduate degree . It is also one of the few universities that employs post-doctorate fellows in the country . The university is a member of the Association of Colombian Universities ( ASCUN ) , the Iberoamerican Association of Postgraduate Universities ( AUIP ) , and the Iberoamerican University Network Universia . Along with Antioquia and Valle universities , it is part of what is known as the Golden Triangle of higher education in Colombia , being among the most selective and competitive universities in the country . The SCImago Institutions Rankings Iber by SCImago Research Group found that the National University of Colombia produced the largest number of scientific papers published in peer-refereed publications in the country , and was the 17th ( 14th in 2018 ) most prolific in Latin America . Furthermore , according to the Latin-American Web Ranking of Universities , the National University of Colombia ranks first place in internet presence in the country . It is also among the first universities in the region . Among the universities of CIVETS countries , the National University occupied second place . The institution offers a wide selection of programmes in both undergraduate and graduate levels , such as medicine , nursing , dentistry , engineering , chemistry , pharmacy , mathematics , physics , geology , biology , psychology , social sciences , arts ( music , fine arts ) , languages , philosophy , and law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muslim_Ahmad", "text": "Mohamad Muslim bin Ahmad ( born 25 April 1989 , in Kuala Terengganu , Terengganu ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Pahang as a centre back . Muslim previously played for Harimau Muda A , Terengganu , Johor Darul Takzim and PDRM . He is a member of the Malaysia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Giants_(NL)", "text": "The San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball originated in New York City as the New York Gothams in 1883 and were known as the New York Giants from 1885 until the team relocated to San Francisco after the 1957 season . During most of their 75 seasons in New York City , the Giants played home games at various incarnations of the Polo Grounds in Upper Manhattan . Numerous inductees of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown , New York played for the New York Giants , including John McGraw , Mel Ott , Bill Terry , Willie Mays , Monte Irvin , and Travis Jackson . During the club 's tenure in New York , it won five of the franchise 's eight World Series wins and 17 of its 23 National League pennants . Famous moments in the Giants ' New York history include the 1922 World Series , in which the Giants swept the Yankees in four games , Bobby Thomson 's 1951 home run known as the Shot Heard 'Round the World , and the defensive feat by Willie Mays during the first game of the 1954 World Series known as the Catch . The Giants had intense rivalries with their fellow New York teams the New York Yankees and the Brooklyn Dodgers , facing the Yankees in six World Series and playing the league rival Dodgers multiple times per season . Games between any two of these three teams were known collectively as the Subway Series . The Dodgers-Giants rivalry continues , as both teams moved to the West Coast in California after the 1957 season , with the Dodgers relocating to Los Angeles . The New York Giants of the National Football League are named after the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Munich", "text": "Munich ( /ˈmjuːnɪk/ MEW-nik ; German : München [ ˈmʏnçn̩ ] ( listen ) ; Austro-Bavarian : Minga [ ˈmɪŋ ( ː ) ɐ ] ; Latin : Monachium ) is the capital and most populous city of Bavaria , the second most populous German federal state . With a population of around 1.5 million , it is the third-largest city in Germany , after Berlin and Hamburg , and thus the largest which does not constitute its own state , as well as the 11th-largest city in the European Union . The city 's metropolitan region is home to 6 million people . Straddling the banks of the River Isar ( a tributary of the Danube ) north of the Bavarian Alps , it is the seat of the Bavarian administrative region of Upper Bavaria , while being the most densely populated municipality in Germany ( 4,500 people per km² ) . Munich is the second-largest city in the Bavarian dialect area , after the Austrian capital of Vienna , Munich was one of the host cities of the official tournament of the 2006 FIFA World Cup . The city is a global centre of art , science , technology , finance , publishing , culture , innovation , education , business , and tourism and enjoys a very high standard and quality of living , reaching first in Germany and third worldwide according to the 2018 Mercer survey , and being rated the world 's most liveable city by the Monocle 's Quality of Life Survey 2018 . According to the Globalization and World Rankings Research Institute Munich is considered an alpha-world city , as of 2015 [ update ] . Munich is a major international center of engineering , science , innovation , and research , exemplified by the presence of two research universities , a multitude of scientific institutions in the city and its surroundings , and world class technology and science museums like the Deutsches Museum and BMW Museum . Munich houses many multinational companies and its economy is based on high tech , automobiles , the service sector and creative industries , as well as IT , biotechnology , engineering and electronics among many others . The name of the city is derived from the Old/Middle High German term Munichen , meaning by the monks . It derives from the monks of the Benedictine order , who ran a monastery at the place that was later to become the Old Town of Munich ; hence the monk depicted on the city 's coat of arms . Munich was first mentioned in 1158 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Summerhill_GFC", "text": "Summerhill G.F.C . is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the designated heritage village of Summerhill in County Meath , Ireland . The club competes in Meath competitions . The team was first founded in 1905 but later disbanded . The current club was founded in 1931 , and has since won 7 Meath Football Championships . Summerhill is one of three Meath teams to have won the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Stovey", "text": "Harry Duffield Stovey ( December 20 , 1856 - September 20 , 1937 ) , born Harry Duffield Stowe , was a 19th-century Major League Baseball player and the first player in major league history to hit 100 home runs . Born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Stovey played for 14 seasons in the majors and was appointed player-manager on two separate occasions during his career . Known today as both a prolific home run hitter and base-stealer , he led the league in both categories multiple times in his career , including a season record of 14 home runs in 1883 and a league-leading 97 stolen bases in 1890 . From 1880 to 1891 he appeared in the top 10 in home runs every year except 1887 , and led the league five times . He was the first to wear sliding pads and among the first to slide feet first ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colors_TV", "text": "Viacom 18 Media Pvt . Limited is an Indian joint venture operation between ViacomCBS and TV18 based in Mumbai . It was founded in November 2007 and owns various channels of ViacomCBS , as well as various consumer products in India . In January 2010 , Viacom 18 went international with the launch of Colors in the United States . The channel is called Aapka Colors . In July 2010 , it got into 50/50 distribution joint venture with Sun Network to form Sun 18 . In December 2011 , Viacom 18 launched Nickelodeon Sonic , targeting young adults . The company also owns Viacom18 Motion Pictures . On 31 January 2018 , TV18 announced its acquisition of Viacom 's majority in the joint venture , taking operational control and leaving Viacom with minority interest . On 1 October 2019 , Viacom 18 launched Colors HD in Malaysia on Astro Malaysia ; every serial will be served with Malay and English subtitles . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Plesetsk_Cosmodrome", "text": "Plesetsk Cosmodrome ( Russian : Космодро́м « Плесе́цк » , tr . Kosmodróm Plesétsk , IPA : [ kəsmɐˈdrom plʲɪˈsʲet͡sk ] ) is a Russian spaceport located in Mirny , Arkhangelsk Oblast , about 800 km north of Moscow and approximately 200 km south of Arkhangelsk , dates from 1957 . Originally developed as an ICBM site for the R-7 missile , it also served for numerous satellite launches using the R-7 and other rockets . Its high latitude makes it useful only for certain types of launches , especially the Molniya orbits , so for much of the site 's history it functioned as a secondary location , with most orbital launches taking place from Baikonur , in the Kazakh SSR . With the end of the Soviet Union , Baikonur became foreign territory , and Kazakhstan charged $ 115 million usage fees annually . Consequently , Plesetsk has seen considerably more activity since the 2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chandigarh", "text": "Chandigarh ( local pronunciation : [ tʃə̃ˈɖiːɡəɽʱ ] ( listen ) ) is a city , district and union territory in India that serves as the capital of the two neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana . The city is unique as it is not a part of either of the two states but is governed directly by the Union Government , which administers all such territories in the country . Chandigarh is bordered by the state of Punjab to the north , the west and the south , and by the state of Haryana to the east . It is considered to be a part of the Chandigarh capital region or Greater Chandigarh , which includes Chandigarh , and the city of Panchkula ( in Haryana ) and cities of Kharar , Kurali , Mohali , Zirakpur ( in Punjab ) . It is located 260 km ( 162 miles ) north of New Delhi and 229 km ( 143 miles ) southeast of Amritsar . It was one of the early planned cities in post-independence India and is internationally known for its architecture and urban design . The master plan of the city was prepared by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier , which transformed from earlier plans created by the Polish architect Maciej Nowicki and the American planner Albert Mayer . Most of the government buildings and housing in the city were designed by the Chandigarh Capital Project Team headed by Le Corbusier , Jane Drew and Maxwell Fry . In 2015 , an article published by BBC named Chandigarh as one of the few master-planned cities in the world to have succeeded in terms of combining monumental architecture , cultural growth and modernisation . Chandigarh 's Capitol Complex was in July 2016 declared by UNESCO as World Heritage at the 40th session of World Heritage Conference held in Istanbul . UNESCO inscription was under The Architectural Work of Le Corbusier an outstanding contribution to the Modern Movement . The Capitol Complex buildings include the Punjab and Haryana High Court , Punjab and Haryana Secretariat and Punjab and Haryana Assembly along with monuments Open hand , Martyrs Memorial , Geometric Hill and Tower of Shadow and the Rock Garden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Heist", "text": "Alfred Michael Heist ( October 5 , 1927 - October 2 , 2006 ) was an American professional baseball player , coach and scout . After a long career in the Pacific Coast League of the 1950s , the outfielder made his Major League debut at the age of 32 and appeared in 177 big-league games for the Chicago Cubs ( 1960-61 ) and the Houston Colt .45s ( 1962 ) . He threw and batted right-handed , stood 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 185 pounds ( 84 kg ) . Heist was born in Brooklyn , New York , and signed with the St. Louis Browns in 1949 . Acquired by the top-level Sacramento Solons in 1955 , he played almost six full seasons in California 's capital before being traded to the Cubs on July 15 , 1960 . Two days later , he made his first Major League appearance , starting in center field against the St. Louis Cardinals and batting sixth in the lineup against right-hander Larry Jackson . In the seventh inning , he collected his first big-league hit , a single , one of four Chicago hits in a 6-0 shutout loss . He appeared in 41 games for the Cubs in 1960 , then in 109 more games in 1961 , starting 82 out of the team 's 154 games played in center field , 26 more than the Cubs ' former regular , Baseball Hall of Famer Richie Ashburn . On April 15 , 1961 , Heist hit a walk-off grand slam home run in the ninth inning at Wrigley Field against the Milwaukee Braves . That season , Heist batted .255 with seven home runs and 37 runs batted in . After the campaign , he was Houston 's fifth pick and the ninth overall selection in the 1961 Major League Baseball expansion draft . But he appeared in only 23 games for the 1962 Colt .45s during their maiden season as Carl Warwick won the starting center field job ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chuck_Evans_(American_football)", "text": "Charles Chuck Evans ( April 16 , 1967 - October 12 , 2008 ) was an American football fullback who played for the Minnesota Vikings and the Baltimore Ravens . He retired at after the 2000 NFL season after playing in the NFL for eight years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salford_Red_Devils", "text": "The Salford Red Devils are a professional rugby league club in Salford , Greater Manchester , England , who play in the Super League . Formed in 1873 , they have won six Championships and one Challenge Cup . Their home ground since 2012 has been the AJ Bell Stadium in Barton-upon-Irwell , before which they played at the Willows in Weaste . Before 1995 , the club was known simply as Salford , from 1995-98 Salford Reds and from 1999-2013 Salford City Reds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Australian_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Australian Open was the eighth event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . The event was organised by ITTF-Oceania , under the authority of the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It was the fifth of six top-tier Platinum events on the tour , and took place from 26-29 July in Geelong , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_Hufman", "text": "Colin Hufman ( born May 15 , 1984 ) is an American curler . He was born in Fairbanks , Alaska , and resides in Seattle , Washington . He was a member of Team USA at the 2018 World Men 's Curling Championship . At the 2020 United States Men 's Championship Hufman and Team Ruohonen earned a silver medal , losing to John Shuster in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_10,000_metres", "text": "The Men 's 10,000 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom . The event was held at the Olympic Stadium on 4 August . The race was won by Mo Farah , the reigning 5000 metres World Champion , in a time of 27:30.42 . From the beginning Farah stayed close to the race leaders , who on the first lap were the defending champion Kenenisa Bekele and his brother Tariku . After six laps , the half marathon world record holder Zersenay Tadese and his Eritrean teammates began to push the pace . At the same time , Moses Kipsiro went down , causing the field to scatter and Farah to fall back in the field with his American training partner Galen Rupp . When Tariku Bekele came up behind Tadese , his attempt to force the pace slowed . The 5000 metre mark was reached in 14:05.79 , with Tadesse in front , though Bedan Karoki Muchiri took the lead soon after . Thirteen runners remained in the lead pack including three Ethiopians , three Eritreans , two Kenyans , Kipsiro , Kenyan born Polat Kemboi Arikan running for Turkey , Canadian Cameron Levins , Farah and Rupp . Strategic play continued as Tariku elbowed Farah , causing him to step to the outside ready to cover a move . Then the third Ethiopian Gebregziabher Gebremariam , ran to the front , but rather than forcing the pace , he seemed to slow it down . With two laps to go , Tariku Bekele regained the lead , with Farah on his shoulder and Moses Ndiema Masai , Rupp and Michuri following in close formation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Garston,_Hertfordshire", "text": "Garston is a village in Hertfordshire , England . Garston is contiguous with Watford and now , despite retaining a local identity , is effectively a suburb . It is within the Stanborough , Woodside and Meriden wards of the borough of Watford , although a small number of its streets are in Hertsmere . The Building Research Establishment has its headquarters within Garston . Garston has several large secondary schools including St Michael 's Catholic High School , Parmiter 's School and Francis Combe Academy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_sprint", "text": "The Women 's 7.5 kilometre sprint biathlon competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler , British Columbia on 13 February 2010 . This competition started at 1:00 PM PST ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1st_Punjab_Regiment", "text": "The 1st Punjab Regiment was a regiment of the British Indian Army from 1922 to 1947 . It was transferred to the Pakistan Army on independence in 1947 , and amalgamated with the 14th , 15th and 16th Punjab Regiments in 1956 , to form the Punjab Regiment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caucasian_Hunter-Gatherer", "text": "Caucasus hunter-gatherer ( CHG ) , also called Satsurblia Cluster is the name of an anatomically modern human genetic lineage , first identified in a 2015 study , based on the population genetics of several modern Western Eurasian ( European , Caucasian and Near Eastern ) populations . CHG ancestry was also found as represented in ancient DNA , in a Upper Palaeolithic specimen from Satsurblia cave ( dated ca . 11000 BC ) , and in a Mesolithic one from Kotias Klde cave , in western Georgia ( dated ca . 6000 BC ) . The CHG lineage descended from a population that split off the base Western Eurasian lineage very early , around 45,000 years ago , pre-dating the split that led to differentiated populations that descended separately to Ust'-Ishim man , Oase1 and European hunter-gatherers . The Caucasus hunter-gatherers managed to survive in isolation through the Last Glacial Maximum as a distinct population . Eastern Hunter-Gatherers are believed to have received admixture from CHGs , leading to the formation of Western Steppe Herders ( WSHs ) . WSHs formed the Yamnaya culture and expanded massively throughout Europe during the Early Neolithic and Early Bronze Age . The 2015 study by Jones et al . analysed Eurasian steppe ancestry - which is associated with the Ancient North Eurasian lineage - among modern European populations , which is linked to the Indo-European expansion . In comparison to modern human populations , the Satsurblia individual is closest to modern populations from the South Caucasus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kansas_City_Roos", "text": "The Kansas City Roos , known before July 1 , 2019 as the UMKC Kangaroos and also sometimes called the Kansas City Kangaroos , are the intercollegiate teams representing the University of Missouri-Kansas City that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I . The Roos have been members of the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) since 2013 , but will leave that league in July 2020 to return to their previous conference home of the Summit League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Transvaal_(province)", "text": "The Province of the Transvaal ( Afrikaans : Provinsie Transvaal ) , commonly referred to as the Transvaal ( /ˈtrɑːnsvɑːl , ˈtræns-/ ; Afrikaans : [ ˈtransfɑːl ] ) , was a province of South Africa from 1910 until 1994 , when a new constitution subdivided it following the end of apartheid . The name Transvaal refers to the province 's geographical location to the north of the Vaal River . Its capital was Pretoria , which was also the country 's executive capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryszard_Czarnecki", "text": "Richard Henry Czarnecki ( [ ˈrɨʂart ˈxɛnrɨ t͡ʂarˈnɛt͡ski ] , born 25 January 1963 pol . Ryszard Henryk Czarnecki ) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) from Poland . He is a member of the Law and Justice , part of the European Conservatives and Reformists . Prior to 2008 , he was a member of the Self-Defense party . He is part of the European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs , and is a substitute for the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and a member of the Delegation for relations with the countries of south-east Europe . Member of the Group on South Asia , South Asia Peace Forum and Forum for Balochistan in the European Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sting_(musician)", "text": "Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner CBE ( born 2 October 1951 ) , known professionally as Sting , is an English musician and actor . He was the principal songwriter , lead singer , and bassist for the new wave rock band the Police from 1977 to 1984 , and launched a solo career in 1985 . He has included elements of rock , jazz , reggae , classical , new-age and worldbeat in his music . As a solo musician and a member of the Police , Sting has received 17 Grammy Awards : he won Song of the Year for Every Breath You Take , three Brit Awards , including Best British Male Artist in 1994 and Outstanding Contribution in 2002 , a Golden Globe , an Emmy and four nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song . In 2019 , he received a BMI Award for Every Breath You Take becoming the most played song in radio history . In 2002 , Sting received the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors and was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Police in 2003 . In 2000 , he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording . In 2003 , Sting received a CBE from Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for services to music . He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014 , and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017 . With the Police , Sting became one of the world 's best-selling music artists . Solo and with the Police combined , he has sold over 100 million records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Smith_(basketball,_born_1965)", "text": "Michael John Smith ( born May 19 , 1965 ) is a retired American basketball player and television commentator . During his college years , he played for Brigham Young University , where he was a consensus second team All-American . As a professional player , he spent two seasons in the NBA with the Boston Celtics and part of one season with the Los Angeles Clippers . He also spent several years playing in Liga ACB and LEGA Basket . After retiring from professional basketball , he worked for several years as the television color analyst for the Los Angeles Clippers . After attending Los Altos High School in Hacienda Heights , California , Smith was a standout basketball player at Brigham Young University . He excelled in both football and volleyball before concentrating on basketball exclusively . Smith served two years ( 1984-86 ) as a Mormon missionary in Argentina before returning to BYU to finish his collegiate basketball career . He won the WAC Player of the Year in 1988 leading the team with 679 points and 248 rebounds . He finished his collegiate career as BYU 's all-time leader in rebounds ( 922 ) and second to Danny Ainge in career points ( 2319 ) . Smith was a first round draft pick of the Boston Celtics in 1989 ( 13th overall ) as a 24-year-old . He played two seasons with the Celtics before being waived in 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_State_Hornets", "text": "The Delaware State Hornets are the sixteen sports teams representing Delaware State University in Dover , Delaware in intercollegiate athletics , including men and women 's basketball , cross country , tennis , and track and field ; women's-only bowling , softball , and volleyball ; and men's-only baseball . The Hornets complete in the NCAA Division I ; they have been members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference since 1970 . While most teams play in the MEAC , the women 's soccer team competes as an independent , the women 's equestrian team plays in the National Collegiate Equestrian Association , and the women 's lacrosse team competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference . The university 's Department of Intramural Sports provides a wide variety of quality recreational programs for students , faculty and staff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walt_Disney_Studios_Motion_Pictures", "text": "Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is an American film distributor owned by The Walt Disney Company . It handles theatrical distribution , marketing and promotion for films produced and released by the Walt Disney Studios , including Walt Disney Pictures , Walt Disney Animation Studios , Pixar , Marvel Studios , Lucasfilm , 20th Century Studios , Searchlight Pictures , Fox 2000 Pictures and Blue Sky Studios . The company was originally established in 1953 as Buena Vista Film Distribution Company , Inc. ( later renamed to Buena Vista Distribution Company , Inc. and Buena Vista Pictures Distribution , Inc. ) It took on its current name in 2007 . Before 1953 , Walt Disney 's productions were distributed by Winkler Pictures , Powers Pictures , Universal Pictures ( Oswald the Lucky Rabbit shorts ) , Columbia Pictures ( 1929-1932 ) , United Artists ( 1932-1937 ) and RKO Radio Pictures ( 1937-1956 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1970", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1970 took place in Königssee , West Germany . It is the only time that the championships have been held in the same location in consecutive years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cristina_Paluselli", "text": "Cristina Paluselli ( born October 23 , 1973 ) is an Italian cross-country skier who competed from 1993 to 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_Hammer_Throw_Year_Ranking", "text": "This page lists the World Best Year Performance in the year 2007 in both the men 's and the women 's hammer throw . The main event during this season were the 2007 World Athletics Championships in Osaka , Japan , where the final of the men 's competition was held on August 27 , 2007 . The women had their final three days later , on August 30 , 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Court_of_Appeals_for_the_District_of_Columbia_Circuit", "text": "The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ( in case citations , D.C . Cir . ) is one of the thirteen United States Courts of Appeals . It has the smallest geographical jurisdiction of any of the U.S. federal appellate courts , and covers only one district court : the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia . It meets at the E. Barrett Prettyman United States Courthouse , near Judiciary Square , Washington , D.C . The D.C . Circuit is one of the most prominent and prestigious American courts - second only to the U.S. Supreme Court itself - because its jurisdiction contains the U.S. Congress and many of the U.S. government agencies , and therefore it is the main appellate court for many issues of American administrative law and constitutional law . Four of the current nine justices on the Supreme Court were previously judges on the D.C . Circuit : Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justices Clarence Thomas , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Brett Kavanaugh . Former justices Fred M. Vinson , Wiley Blount Rutledge , and Antonin Scalia also served as judges on the D.C . Circuit before their appointments to the Supreme Court . Because the D.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Millsaps_College", "text": "Millsaps College is a private liberal arts college in Jackson , Mississippi . Founded in 1890 and affiliated with the United Methodist Church , Millsaps is home to 985 students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guard_(basketball)", "text": "There are five position in basketball . These positions are employed by all organized/unorganized basketball teams . They are defined as the point guard ( PG ) , the shooting guard ( SG ) , the small forward ( SF ) , the power forward ( PF ) , and the center ( C ) . The point guard is the de facto leader of the team on the court . This position requires substantial ball-handling skills and the ability to facilitate the team during a play . The shooting guard , as the name implies , is often the best shooter . As well as being capable of shooting accurately from longer distances , this position tends to also be the best defender on the team . The small forward often has an aggressive approach to the basket when handling the ball . The small forward is also known to make cuts to the basket in efforts to get open for shots . The power forward and the center are usually called the front-court , often acting as their team 's primary rebounders or shot blockers , or receiving passes to take inside shots . The center is typically the larger of the two ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abel_Ferreira", "text": "Abel Fernando Moreira Ferreira ( born 22 December 1978 ) , known simply as Abel as a player , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right back , and is the manager of Greek club PAOK FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A._Joseph_DeNucci", "text": "A. Joseph DeNucci ( August 30 , 1939 - September 8 , 2017 ) was a middleweight boxer and the Auditor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morgantown_Municipal_Ice_Arena", "text": "The Morgantown Municipal Ice Arena or Morgantown Ice Arena is a 400-seat multi purpose arena located in White Park in Morgantown , West Virginia . The ice arena has a 185 ' X 85 ' sized ice sheet . It is also the home to the West Virginia Mountaineers men 's ice hockey team competing at the ACHA Division I level in the College Hockey Mid-America . as well as an auxiliary team competing at the Division II level of the NCHA . The arena is also home to several local high school ice hockey teams , and is used by local figure skating clubs , youth , and adult recreational ice hockey leagues , as well as public skating ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kishanganj_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Kishanganj Lok Sabha constituency ( Hindi : किशनगंज लोकसभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in India"}
{"title": "/wiki/'s-Hertogenbosch", "text": "'s-Hertogenbosch ( UK : /ˌsɛərtoʊxənˈbɒs/ , US : /-ˈbɔːs , -ɡənˈ- , sɛərˌtoʊ-/ , Dutch : [ ˌsɛrtoːɣə ( m ) ˈbɔs ] ( listen ) ; French : Bois-le-Duc [ bwa l ( ə ) dyk ] ) , colloquially known as Den Bosch ( IPA : [ dɛm ˈbɔs ] ( listen ) ) , is a city and municipality in the Netherlands with a population of 152,968 . It is the capital of the province of North Brabant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Viennese_Waltz", "text": "Viennese waltz ( German : Wiener Walzer ) is a genre of ballroom dance . At least four different meanings are recognized . In the historically first sense , the name may refer to several versions of the waltz , including the earliest waltzes done in ballroom dancing , danced to the music of Viennese waltz . What is now called the Viennese waltz is the original form of the waltz . It was the first ballroom dance performed in the closed hold or waltz position . The dance that is popularly known as the waltz is actually the English or slow waltz , danced at approximately 90 beats per minute with 3 beats to the bar ( the international standard of 30 measures per minute ) , while the Viennese waltz is danced at about 180 beats ( 58-60 measures ) per minute . To this day however , in Germany , Austria , Scandinavia , and France , the words Walzer ( German ) , vals ( Danish , Norwegian , and Swedish ) , and valse ( French ) still implicitly refer to the original dance and not the slow waltz . The Viennese waltz is a rotary dance where the dancers are constantly turning either toward the leader 's right ( natural ) or toward the leader 's left ( reverse ) , interspersed with non-rotating change steps to switch between the direction of rotation . As the waltz evolved , some of the versions that were done at about the original fast tempo came to be called specifically Viennese waltz to distinguish them from the slower waltzes . In the modern ballroom dance , two versions of Viennese waltz are recognized : International Style and American Style . Today the Viennese waltz is a ballroom and partner dance that is part of the International Standard division of contemporary ballroom dance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996–97_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1996 season began on December 28 , 1996 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Green Bay Packers defeating the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XXXI , 35-21 , on January 26 , 1997 , at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans , Louisiana . The Carolina Panthers and Jacksonville Jaguars , each in just their second year of existence , not only qualified for the playoffs for the first time , but they also both advanced to their respective conference championship games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biblioteca_Reale", "text": "The Royal Library of Turin ( Italian : Biblioteca Reale di Torino ) is a library located within the ground floor of the Royal Palace of Turin , itself a World Heritage Site in Turin , Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jamesburg,_New_Jersey", "text": "Jamesburg is a borough in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the borough 's population was 5,915 , reflecting a decline of 110 ( -1.8% ) from the 6,025 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 731 ( +13.8% ) from the 5,294 counted in the 1990 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Thomas_(basketball)", "text": "James D. Thomas Jr. ( born November 22 , 1980 ) is an American former professional basketball player who most recently worked as an assistant coach for the Maine Red Claws of the NBA Development League . A 6 ' 8 forward from the University of Texas at Austin , Thomas was the recipient of the 2004-05 NBA Development League Rookie of the Year . He played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers , Atlanta Hawks , Philadelphia 76ers , and Chicago Bulls . After that he took his career overseas . In 2012 , he signed with Maccabi Haifa BC . For the 2013-14 season he signed with Maccabi Rishon LeZion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rockestra_Theme", "text": "Rockestra Theme is the fourth and final single on Wings ' final studio album Back to the Egg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kii_Castle", "text": "Kii Castle ( 基肄城 , Kii-jo ) was a castle structure between Miyaki District , Saga and Chikushino , Fukuoka , Japan . Kii Castle has been designated as being of special national significance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_Nations", "text": "In Canada , the First Nations ( French : Premières Nations [ pʁəmjɛʁ nɑsjɔ̃ ] ) are the predominant indigenous peoples in Canada south of the Arctic Circle . Those in the Arctic area are distinct and known as Inuit . The Métis , another distinct ethnicity , developed after European contact and relations primarily between First Nations people and Europeans . There are 634 recognized First Nations governments or bands spread across Canada , roughly half of which are in the provinces of Ontario and British Columbia . Under Charter Jurisprudence , First Nations are a designated group , along with women , visible minorities , and people with physical or mental disabilities . First Nations are not defined as a visible minority by the criteria of Statistics Canada . North American indigenous peoples have cultures spanning thousands of years . Some of their oral traditions accurately describe historical events , such as the Cascadia earthquake of 1700 and the 18th-century Tseax Cone eruption . Written records began with the arrival of European explorers and colonists during the Age of Discovery , beginning in the late 15th century . European accounts by trappers , traders , explorers , and missionaries give important evidence of early contact culture . In addition , archeological and anthropological research , as well as linguistics , have helped scholars piece together an understanding of ancient cultures and historic peoples . Although not without conflict , early Québécers ' , Acadians ' , and Newfoundlanders ' interactions with First Nations , Métis , and Inuit populations were less combative compared to the often violent battles between colonists and native peoples in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Side_High_School_(Gary)", "text": "West Side High School is a four-year ( 9-12 ) public school of the Gary Community School Corporation in Gary , Indiana , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ron_Vander_Kelen", "text": "Ronald Vander Kelen ( November 6 , 1939 - August 14 , 2016 ) was an American football quarterback . He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and is best known for his MVP performance in the 1963 Rose Bowl , where he broke several Rose Bowl records , some of which still stand . In that game , he orchestrated a legendary fourth quarter comeback attempt against the USC Trojans in the first # 1 ( USC ) versus # 2 ( Wisconsin ) bowl game in college football history . Vander Kelen was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Schwarzwald-Stadion", "text": "Schwarzwald-Stadion is a football stadium in Freiburg , Baden-Württemberg , Germany . It is currently the home of Bundesliga team SC Freiburg . The stadium holds 24,000 spectators and was built in 1953 . For many years it was called the Dreisamstadion , situated near the river Dreisam . In June 2004 it was given the name of Badenova-Stadion , later Mage Solar Stadion , and for a short time the Stadion an der Schwarzwaldstraße . Due to a sponsorship deal , it is currently named the Schwarzwald-Stadion . In 2012 , modernising the stadium was deemed unprofitable . In February 2015 , a referendum was held to determine whether a new stadium should be built and if so , where . The citizens of Freiburg voted in favour of the construction of a new stadium , SC-Stadion [ de ] , with a capacity of 34,700 at the Wolfswinkel nearby Freiburg 's municipal airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murray_Griffin", "text": "Vaughan Murray Griffin ( 1903-1992 ) was an Australian print maker and painter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/M1_carbine", "text": "The M1 carbine ( formally the United States Carbine , Caliber .30 , M1 ) is a lightweight , easy to use , .30 carbine ( 7.62x33 mm ) semi-automatic carbine that was a standard firearm for the U.S. military during World War II , the Korean War and well into the Vietnam War . The M1 carbine was produced in several variants and was widely used by not only the U.S. military , but by paramilitary and police forces around the world . It has also been a popular civilian firearm . The M2 carbine is the selective-fire version of the M1 carbine capable of firing in both semi-automatic and full-automatic . The M3 carbine was an M2 carbine with an active infrared scope system . Despite having a similar name and appearance , the M1 carbine is not a carbine version of the M1 Garand rifle . They are different firearms , and they use different ammunition . On July 1 , 1925 , the U.S. Army began using the current naming system where the M is the designation for Model and the number represents the sequential development of equipment and weapons . Therefore , the M1 rifle was the first rifle developed under this system . The M1 carbine was the first carbine developed under this system . The M2 carbine was the second carbine developed under the system , etc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princess_Eilonwy", "text": "Princess Eilonwy ( /aɪˈlɒnwiː/ eye-LON-wee ) is a fictional character in Lloyd Alexander 's The Chronicles of Prydain . She appears in four of the five novels in the series , as well as Disney 's 1985 animated film adaptation The Black Cauldron . Eilonwy is a member of the Royal House of Llyr , and the women in her line are formidable enchantresses , including her mother , Angharad , and grandmother Regat . She has inherited this characteristic , most readily visible in her manipulation of a magical item she calls her bauble , a small golden sphere that glows with magical light when activated by her willpower . Eilonwy 's father , Geraint , was a commoner with whom her mother fell in love ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Urban_Oasis_Mall", "text": "Urban Oasis Mall is the largest shopping mall in North Karnataka in the Indian city of Hubli , Karnataka . It is located in Gokul Industrial Estate on the Gokul Road , Hubli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1977_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1977 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 3-5 , 1977 at The Summit in Houston , TX . The first round took place on February 26 at the higher seeded campus sites . Number 1 seed Arkansas defeated 2 seed Houston 80-74 to win their 1st championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1977 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Downers_Grove_Township,_DuPage_County,_Illinois", "text": "Downers Grove Township is one of nine townships in DuPage County , Illinois , USA . As of the 2010 census , its population was 146,795 and it contained 60,438 housing units . It is the largest township in the county , both in terms of area and population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broch_of_Burrian", "text": "The Broch of Burrian is an Iron Age broch located on North Ronaldsay in the Orkney Islands , in Scotland ( grid reference HY76275138 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leicester_City_F.C.", "text": "Leicester City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Leicester in the East Midlands . The club competes in the Premier League , England 's top division of football , and plays its home games at the King Power Stadium . The club was founded in 1884 as Leicester Fosse F.C. , playing on a field near Fosse Road . They moved to Filbert Street in 1891 , were elected to the Football League in 1894 and adopted the name Leicester City in 1919 . They moved to the nearby Walkers Stadium in 2002 , which was renamed the King Power Stadium in 2011 . Leicester won the 2015-16 Premier League , their first top-level football championship . They are one of only six clubs to have won the Premier League since its inception in 1992 . A number of newspapers described Leicester 's title win as the greatest sporting shock ever , multiple bookmakers had never paid out at such long odds for any sport . As a result , the team was dubbed The Unbelievables , a spin-off harking back to Arsenal 's undefeated team The Invincibles . The club 's previous highest finish was second place in the top flight , in 1928-29 , then known as the First Division . Throughout their history , Leicester have spent all but one season in the top two divisions of English football . They hold a joint-highest seven second-tier titles ( six Second Division and one Championship ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benington,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Benington is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Boston in Lincolnshire , England , and approximately 4 miles ( 6 km ) east of Boston , and on the A52 road . The parish contains the hamlets of Benington Sea End and West End . Nearby villages are Butterwick and Leverton . Benington parish has a population of 569 , increasing to 580 at the 2011 Census . It is one of eighteen parishes which , together with Boston , form the borough . Local government has been arranged in this way since the reorganisation of 1 April 1974 , which resulted from the Local Government Act 1972 . The parish forms part of the Coastal electoral ward . Hitherto , the parish had formed part of Boston Rural District , in the Parts of Holland . Holland was one of the three divisions ( formally known as parts ) of the traditional county of Lincolnshire . Since the Local Government Act of 1888 , Holland had been in most respects , a county in itself . The name derives from Old English meaning Bennas farm or settlement . The parish church is a Grade I listed building dedicated to All Saints and dating from the 13th to 15th centuries , although it was restored in 1873 by James Fowler of Louth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/County_Route_203_(Wayne_County,_New_York)", "text": "New York State Route 286 ( NY 286 ) is an east-west state highway in the vicinity of the city of Rochester , New York , in the United States . It links Rochester to its eastern suburbs and to western Wayne County . The western terminus of the route is at exit 7 on NY 590 just inside the Rochester city limits . Its eastern terminus is at NY 350 in Walworth . NY 286 is named Browncroft Boulevard from NY 590 to its junction with Qualtrough and Clark roads in Penfield . This portion of the highway passes through predominantly residential areas . East of this intersection , the route is known as Atlantic Avenue and traverses more rural areas . The entirety of NY 286 east of Blossom Road was originally designated as part of NY 35 during the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . NY 35 exited Rochester on Blossom Road and followed it east to modern NY 286 . The remainder of Browncroft Boulevard was designated as New York State Route 35B , an alternate route of NY 35 , in the mid-1930s . The NY 35 and NY 35B designations were eliminated in the early 1940s and replaced with NY 383 and New York State Route 383B , respectively . NY 383 was truncated to downtown Rochester in 1949 , at which time its former routing from Rochester to Walworth became NY 286 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Master_of_Science", "text": "A Master of Science ( Latin : Magister Scientiae ; abbreviated MS , M.S. , MSc , M.Sc. , SM , S.M. , ScM or Sc.M . ) is a master 's degree in the field of science awarded by universities in many countries or a person holding such a degree . In contrast to the Master of Arts degree , the Master of Science degree is typically granted for studies in sciences , engineering and medicine and is usually for programs that are more focused on scientific and mathematical subjects ; however , different universities have different conventions and may also offer the degree for fields typically considered within the humanities and social sciences . While it ultimately depends upon the specific program , earning a Master of Science degree typically includes writing a thesis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barcelona", "text": "Barcelona ( /ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə , Catalan : [ bəɾsəˈlonə ] , Spanish : [ baɾθeˈlona ] ) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain . It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia , as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain . With a population of 1.6 million within city limits , its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people , making it the sixth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris , the Ruhr area , Madrid , and Milan . It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea , located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs , and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range , the tallest peak of which is 512 metres ( 1,680 feet ) high . Founded as a Roman city , in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona . After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon , Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon as an economic and administrative centre of this Crown and the capital of the Principality of Catalonia . Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination . Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner , which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites . The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona . The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments . Barcelona is one of the world 's leading tourist , economic , trade fair and cultural centres , and its influence in commerce , education , entertainment , sports , media , fashion , science , and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the major global cities . It is a major cultural and economic centre in southwestern Europe , 24th in the world ( before Zürich , after Frankfurt ) and a financial centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neil_Diamond", "text": "Neil Leslie Diamond ( born January 24 , 1941 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actor . He has sold more than 100 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling musicians of all time . He has had ten No . 1 singles on the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts : Cracklin ' Rosie , Song Sung Blue , Longfellow Serenade , I 've Been This Way Before , If You Know What I Mean , Desirée , You Do n't Bring Me Flowers , America , Yesterday 's Songs , and Heartlight . 38 songs by Diamond have featured in the Top 10 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts . Diamond was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011 , and he received the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000 . In 2011 , he was an honoree at the Kennedy Center Honors , and he received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metre", "text": "The metre ( Commonwealth spelling and BIPM spelling ) or meter ( American spelling ) ( from the French unit mètre , from the Greek noun μετρούν , measure ) is the base unit of length in the International System of Units ( SI ) . The SI unit symbol is m. The metre is defined as the length of the path travelled by light in a vacuum in 1/299,792,458 of a second . The metre was originally defined in 1793 as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the North Pole along a great circle , so the Earth 's circumference is approximately 40,000 km . In 1799 , the metre was redefined in terms of a prototype metre bar ( the actual bar used was changed in 1889 ) . In 1960 , the metre was redefined in terms of a certain number of wavelengths of a certain emission line of krypton-86 . In 1983 , the current definition was adopted ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1881_U.S._National_Championships", "text": "The inaugural U.S. National Championship was a tennis tournament that took place in August 1881 at the Newport Casino , Newport , Rhode Island and in that first year only clubs that were members of the United States National Lawn Tennis Association were permitted to enter the tournament . A Men 's Singles competition and a Men 's Doubles competition were played , and Richard Sears became the first men 's singles U.S. National Tennis Champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wakefield_Trinity", "text": "Wakefield Trinity is a professional rugby league club in Wakefield , West Yorkshire , England , that plays in the Super League . One of the original twenty-two clubs that formed the Northern Rugby Football Union in 1895 , between 1999 and 2016 the club was known as Wakefield Trinity Wildcats . The club has played at Belle Vue Stadium in Wakefield since 1895 and has rivalries with Castleford Tigers and Featherstone Rovers . Wakefield have won two premierships in their history when they went back to back in 1967 and 1968 . As of 2019 , it has been 51 years since Wakefield last won the league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iowa's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Iowa 's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Iowa that covers its northwestern part . The district includes Sioux City , Ames , Mason City , Fort Dodge , Boone and Carroll ; it is currently represented by Republican Steve King , who has been in office since 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S.S._Juve_Stabia", "text": "Società Sportiva Juve Stabia is an Italian football club based in Castellammare di Stabia , Campania . Juve Stabia currently plays in Serie B , the second tier of Italian football system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louis_Koo", "text": "Louis Koo Tin-lok ( 古天樂 ; born 21 October 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actor and film producer . He began his professional career as an actor in local television series , winning TVB 's Best Actor award in 1999 and 2001 . After 2001 , he fully focused on film career and became one of the stalwarts of the Hong Kong film industry . In 2018 , Koo was awarded the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor , Asian Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in the 2017 film , Paradox . Koo founded One Cool Film Production Limited in 2013 . As of 2018 , One Cool Film has produced 20 films . He was the ambassador of Hong Kong International Film Festival from 2014 to 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ralf_Schumacher", "text": "Ralf Schumacher ( born 30 June 1975 ) is a German former racing driver . He is the younger brother of seven-time Formula One World Champion Michael Schumacher and the pair are the only siblings to win Formula One races . Schumacher began karting at the age of three and achieved early success before making the transition to automobile racing in the German Formula Three Championship and the Formula Nippon series . He first drove in Formula One with Jordan Grand Prix for the 1997 season . Schumacher moved to the Williams F1 team in 1999 , finishing sixth in the Drivers ' Championship that year . He won his first Grand Prix in 2001 , en route to fourth place in the Drivers ' Championship , and subsequently won five more races over the course of two years . Schumacher left Williams at the end of 2004 and joined Toyota Racing in 2005 . However , his performance throughout 2006 and 2007 resulted in Schumacher leaving Formula One , as a result of internal pressure . After leaving Formula One , Schumacher joined the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters in 2008 , achieving minor success , and retired from motorsport at the end of 2012 to enter a managerial role within DTM , mentoring young drivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_2", "text": "The PlayStation 2 ( officially branded as PS2 ) is a home video game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was first released in Japan on March 4 , 2000 , in North America on October 26 , 2000 , and in Europe and Australia on November 24 , 2000 , and is the successor to the original PlayStation , as well as the second installment in the PlayStation console line-up . A sixth-generation console , it competed with Sega 's Dreamcast , Nintendo 's GameCube , and Microsoft 's original Xbox . Announced in 1999 , the PS2 offered backward-compatibility for its predecessor 's DualShock controller , as well as its games . The PS2 is the best-selling video game console of all time , having sold over 155 million units worldwide , as confirmed by Sony . Over 3,800 game titles have been released for the PS2 , with over 1.5 billion copies sold . Sony later manufactured several smaller , lighter revisions of the console known as Slimline models in 2004 . Even with the release of its successor , the PlayStation 3 , the PS2 remained popular well into the seventh generation , and continued to be produced until 2013 , when Sony finally announced it had been discontinued after twelve years of production - one of the longest lifespans of a video game console . Despite the announcement , new games for the console continued to be produced until the end of 2013 , including Final Fantasy XI : Seekers of Adoulin for Japan , FIFA 13 for North America , and Pro Evolution Soccer 2014 for Europe . Repair services for the system in Japan ended on September 7 , 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Badminton", "text": "Badminton is a racquet sport played using racquets to hit a shuttlecock across a net . Although it may be played with larger teams , the most common forms of the game are singles ( with one player per side ) and doubles ( with two players per side ) . Badminton is often played as a casual outdoor activity in a yard or on a beach ; formal games are played on a rectangular indoor court . Points are scored by striking the shuttlecock with the racquet and landing it within the opposing side 's half of the court . Each side may only strike the shuttlecock once before it passes over the net . Play ends once the shuttlecock has struck the floor or if a fault has been called by the umpire , service judge , or ( in their absence ) the opposing side . The shuttlecock is a feathered or ( in informal matches ) plastic projectile which flies differently from the balls used in many other sports . In particular , the feathers create much higher drag , causing the shuttlecock to decelerate more rapidly . Shuttlecocks also have a high top speed compared to the balls in other racquet sports . The flight of the shuttlecock gives the sport its distinctive nature . The game developed in British India from the earlier game of battledore and shuttlecock . European play came to be dominated by Denmark but the game has become very popular in Asia , with recent competitions dominated by China ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stockholm", "text": "Stockholm ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈstɔ̂kː ( h ) ɔlm ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous urban area of Sweden . 972,647 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.6 million in the urban area , and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area . The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea . Outside the city to the east , and along the coast , is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago . The area has been settled since the Stone Age , in the 6th millennium BC , and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl . It is also the county seat of Stockholm County . Stockholm is the cultural , media , political , and economic centre of Sweden . The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country 's GDP , and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita . It is an important global city , and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region . The city is home to some of Europe 's top ranking universities , such as the Stockholm School of Economics , Karolinska Institute and KTH Royal Institute of Technology . It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall . One of the city 's most prized museums , the Vasa Museum , is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rob_Astorino", "text": "Robert Patrick Astorino ( born May 3 , 1967 ) is an American politician , radio producer , and television host who was the County Executive of Westchester County , New York from 2010 to 2018 . He was the Republican nominee for Governor of New York in 2014 . Astorino is one of the founders of 1050 AM ESPN Radio in New York City ; he served as WEPN 's executive producer , as executive producer of The Michael Kay Show , as a host on the MSG Network , and as the first program director for Sirius Satellite Radio 's The Catholic Channel . Astorino served on the Westchester County Board of Legislators from 2003 to 2005 , when he launched an unsuccessful bid to unseat then-Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano . In 2009 , he challenged Spano again and prevailed . Astorino was re-elected in 2013 , defeating Democratic challenger Noam Bramson . He was defeated by incumbent New York Governor Andrew Cuomo in the 2014 gubernatorial election . In 2017 , Astorino ran for a third term as Westchester County Executive , but was defeated by Democratic challenger George Latimer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xinzhuang_District", "text": "Xinzhuang District ( Chinese : 新莊區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Xīnzhuāng Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Sinjhuang Cyu ) is an inner city district in the western part of New Taipei in northern Taiwan . It has an area of 19.74 km2 ( 7.62 sq mi ) and a population of 413,443 people ( 2016 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greece", "text": "Greece ( Greek : Ελλάδα ) , officially the Hellenic Republic ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ) , historically also known as Hellas , is a country located in Southeast Europe . Its population is approximately 10.7 million as of 2018 ; Athens , the nation 's capital , is its largest city , followed by Thessaloniki . Situated on the southern tip of the Balkan Peninsula , Greece is located at the crossroads of Europe , Asia , and Africa . It shares land borders with Albania to the northwest , North Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north , and Turkey to the northeast . The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland , the Ionian Sea to the west , the Cretan Sea and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Greece has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean Basin and the 11th longest coastline in the world at 13,676 km ( 8,498 mi ) in length , featuring many islands , of which 227 are inhabited . Eighty percent of Greece is mountainous , with Mount Olympus being the highest peak at 2,918 metres ( 9,573 ft ) . The country consists of nine traditional geographic regions : Macedonia , Central Greece , the Peloponnese , Thessaly , Epirus , the Aegean Islands ( including the Dodecanese and Cyclades ) , Thrace , Crete , and the Ionian Islands . Greece is considered the cradle of Western civilisation , being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , Western literature , historiography , political science , major scientific and mathematical principles , Western drama and the Olympic Games . From the eighth century B.C. , the Greeks were organised into various independent city-states , known as poleis ( singular polis ) , which spanned the entire Mediterranean region and the Black Sea . Philip of Macedon united most of the Greek mainland in the fourth century BC , with his son Alexander the Great rapidly conquering much of the ancient world , from the eastern Mediterranean to India . Greece was annexed by Rome in the second century B.C. , becoming an integral part of the Roman Empire and its successor , the Byzantine Empire , which adopted the Greek language and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Spoor", "text": "Benjamin Charles Spoor PC ( 2 June 1878 - 22 December 1928 ) was a British Labour Party politician . He took a particular interest in India . Born in Witton Park , County Durham , he went to Elmfield College , York , and came from a family of Primitive Methodists . An engineer by training , he later went into business as a builder 's merchant . Before entering politics , he was a lay preacher in the Methodist Church . At the 1918 general election , he was elected as Member of Parliament for Bishop Auckland , and held the seat until his death at the age of fifty . In Parliament , he found himself at odds with many Labour MPs and contemplated joining the Liberal Party . He was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury and Chief Whip in 1924 , when he was made a Privy Councillor . He had suffered from poor health since contracting malaria at Salonika during World War I . On a visit to London in December 1928 , he was found dead in bed at the Regent Palace Hotel . At the inquest , his son said that his father had taken to drinking heavily . His death , it was decided , was due to syncope from disease of the heart and liver , due to chronic alcoholism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Foley_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Michael Foley ( born June 17 , 1963 ) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 14th District from 2006 to 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arkansas_Razorbacks_men's_basketball", "text": "The Arkansas Razorbacks basketball team represents the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville , Arkansas , United States in NCAA Division I men 's basketball competition . The school 's team currently competes in the Southeastern Conference . The team last played in the NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament in 2018 . They lost in the first round to Butler University . The basketball team plays its home games in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus . Under the coaching leadership of Nolan Richardson , the Hogs won the national championship in 1994 , defeating Duke , and appeared in the championship game the following year , but were beaten by UCLA . The Razorbacks have made NCAA Final Four appearances in 1941 , 1945 , 1978 , 1990 , 1994 , and 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_Antonio_Hermida", "text": "José Antonio Hermida Ramos ( born on August 24 , 1978 in Puigcerdà , Girona ) is a Spanish cyclist of Galician origin specializing in competitive mountain biking . He won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece after having finished in fourth place in the 2000 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beatrix_Potter", "text": "Beatrix Potter ( /ˈbiːətrɪks/ , US /ˈbiːtrɪks/ , 28 July 1866 - 22 December 1943 ) was an English writer , illustrator , natural scientist , and conservationist best known for her children 's books featuring animals , such as those in The Tale of Peter Rabbit . Born into an upper-middle-class household , Potter was educated by governesses and grew up isolated from other children . She had numerous pets and spent holidays in Scotland and the Lake District , developing a love of landscape , flora , and fauna , all of which she closely observed and painted . Potters study and watercolours of fungi led to her being widely respected in the field of mycology . In her thirties , Potter self-published the highly successful children 's book The Tale of Peter Rabbit . Following this , Potter began writing and illustrating children 's books full-time . In all , Potter wrote thirty books ; the best known being her twenty-three children 's tales . With the proceeds from the books and a legacy from an aunt , in 1905 Potter bought Hill Top Farm in Near Sawrey , a village in the Lake District which at that time was in Lancashire . Over the following decades , she purchased additional farms to preserve the unique hill country landscape . In 1913 , at the age of 47 , she married William Heelis , a respected local solicitor from Hawkshead . Potter was also a prize-winning breeder of Herdwick sheep and a prosperous farmer keenly interested in land preservation . She continued to write and illustrate , and to design spin-off merchandise based on her children 's books for British publisher Warne until the duties of land management and her diminishing eyesight made it difficult to continue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kean_Cipriano", "text": "Kean Edward Uson Cipriano ( born June 11 , 1987 ) is a Filipino singer , composer , actor , music video director , and musician . He is well known as the current vocalist of pop-rock band Callalily ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Willis_Tower", "text": "The Willis Tower ( colloquial : Sears Tower , its name for 36 years ) is a 110-story , 1,450-foot ( 442.1 m ) skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois . At completion in 1973 , it surpassed the World Trade Center in New York City to become the tallest building in the world , a title that it held for nearly 25 years ; it was also the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere for 41 years , until the new One World Trade Center surpassed it in 2014 . While it held the title of Tallest Office Building until 2014 , it lost the title of Tallest Man-Made Structure after only 3 years . The CN Tower in Toronto , which serves as a communications tower , took over the title in 1976 . The Willis Tower is considered a seminal achievement for architect Fazlur Rahman Khan . It is currently the third-tallest building in the United States and the Western hemisphere - and the 23rd-tallest in the world . Each year , more than one million people visit its observation deck , the highest in the United States , making it one of Chicago 's most popular tourist destinations . The structure was renamed in 2009 by the Willis Group as a term of its lease . As of April 2018 [ update ] , the building 's largest tenant is United Airlines , which moved its corporate headquarters from 77 West Wacker Drive ( then the United Building ) in 2012 , occupying around 20 floors . Other major tenants include the building 's namesake Willis Group and law firms Schiff Hardin and Seyfarth Shaw . Morgan Stanley plans to move to the building in 2019 and become its fourth-largest tenant by 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rune_Hoydahl", "text": "Rune Høydahl ( born December 10 , 1969 ) is a former Norwegian mountain biker . He won 11 World Cup races , and three times came second overall . Besides John Tomac , Hoydahl is the only mountain biker with World Cup victories in both downhill and cross country . In 1995 Høydahl won five World Cup races in a row . He represented Norway at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney . In addition , he won the Norseman triathlon in 2004 after having retired . He is now captain of his own professional mountain bike team - Team Etto/Høydahl . He lives in Sande , 20 km south of Drammen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pete_Townshend", "text": "Peter Dennis Blandford Townshend ( born 19 May 1945 ) is an English multi-instrumentalist , singer and songwriter best known as the guitarist , backing and secondary lead vocalist , principal songwriter , co-founder and leader of the rock band The Who . His career with the Who spans over 50 years , during which time the band grew to be one of the most important and influential rock bands of the 20th century . Pete Townshend is the main songwriter for the Who , having written well over 100 songs for the band 's 12 studio albums , including concept albums and the rock operas Tommy and Quadrophenia , plus popular rock radio staples such as Who 's Next , and dozens more that appeared as non-album singles , bonus tracks on reissues , and tracks on rarities compilations such as Odds & Sods ( 1974 ) . He has also written more than 100 songs that have appeared on his solo albums , as well as radio jingles and television theme songs . Although known primarily as a guitarist , he also plays keyboards , banjo , accordion , harmonica , ukulele , mandolin , violin , synthesiser , bass guitar , and drums , on his own solo albums , several Who albums and as a guest contributor to an array of other artists ' recordings . He is self-taught on all of the instruments he plays and has never had any formal training . Townshend has also contributed to and authored many newspaper and magazine articles , book reviews , essays , books , and scripts , and he has collaborated as a lyricist and composer for many other musical acts . Due to his aggressive playing style and innovative songwriting techniques , Townshend 's works with The Who and in other projects have earned him critical acclaim . He was ranked No . 3 in Dave Marsh 's list of Best Guitarists in The New Book of Rock Lists , No . 10 in Gibson.com 's list of the top 50 guitarists , and No . 10 again in Rolling Stone 's updated 2011 list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yun_Ok-hee", "text": "Yun Ok-hee ( Korean : 윤옥희 , Hanja : 尹玉姬 , Korean pronunciation : [ jun.o.kʰi ] ; born 1 March 1985 ) is a South Korean archer , who won the gold medal in the team and a silver in the individual competition at the 2006 Asian Games and is a former world number one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zooey_Deschanel", "text": "Zooey Claire Deschanel ( /ˈzoʊi ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl/ ; born January 17 , 1980 ) is an American actress , model , and singer-songwriter . She made her film debut in Mumford ( 1999 ) and next obtained a supporting role in Cameron Crowe 's film Almost Famous ( 2000 ) . Deschanel is known for her deadpan roles in comedy films such as The Good Girl ( 2002 ) , The New Guy ( 2002 ) , Elf ( 2003 ) , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 2005 ) , Failure to Launch ( 2006 ) , Yes Man ( 2008 ) and 500 Days of Summer ( 2009 ) . She has ventured into more dramatic territory with Manic ( 2001 ) , All the Real Girls ( 2003 ) , Winter Passing ( 2005 ) , and Bridge to Terabithia ( 2007 ) . From 2011 to 2018 , she played Jessica Day on the Fox sitcom New Girl , for which she received an Emmy Award nomination and three Golden Globe Award nominations . For a few years starting in 2001 , Deschanel performed in the jazz cabaret act If All the Stars Were Pretty Babies with actress Samantha Shelton . In 2006 , Deschanel teamed up with M. Ward to form She & Him , and subsequently released their debut album , Volume One , in 2008 . They have since released five albums : Volume Two , in 2010 , A Very She & Him Christmas in 2011 , Volume 3 in 2013 , Classics in 2014 , and Christmas Party in 2016 . She received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Song Written for Visual Media for So Long , which was featured in the 2011 film Winnie the Pooh soundtrack . Besides singing , she plays keyboards , percussion , banjo , and ukulele . Deschanel is also a co-founder of the female-focused website HelloGiggles , which was acquired by Time , Inc. in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chattoogaville,_Georgia", "text": "Chattoogaville is an unincorporated community in Chattooga County , in the U.S. state of Georgia . The community lies about 12 miles ( 19 km ) south of the county seat at Summerville ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerala", "text": "Kerala ( /ˈkɛrələ/ ( listen ) ) is a state on the southwestern Malabar Coast of India . It was formed on 1 November 1956 , following the passage of the States Reorganisation Act , by combining Malayalam-speaking regions of the erstwhile states of Travancore-Cochin and Madras . Spread over 38,863 km2 ( 15,005 sq mi ) , Kerala is the twenty-third largest Indian state by area . It is bordered by Karnataka to the north and northeast , Tamil Nadu to the east and south , and the Lakshadweep Sea to the west . With 33,387,677 inhabitants as per the 2011 Census , Kerala is the thirteenth-largest Indian state by population . It is divided into 14 districts with the capital being Thiruvananthapuram . Malayalam is the most widely spoken language and is also the official language of the state . The Chera Dynasty was the first prominent kingdom based in Kerala . The Ay kingdom in the deep south and the Ezhimala kingdom in the north formed the other kingdoms in the early years of the Common Era ( CE or AD ) . The region had been a prominent spice exporter since 3000 BCE . The region 's prominence in trade was noted in the works of Pliny as well as the Periplus around 100 CE . In the 15th century , the spice trade attracted Portuguese traders to Kerala , and paved the way for European colonisation of India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dan_Jenkins", "text": "Daniel Thomas Jenkins ( December 2 , 1928 - March 7 , 2019 ) was an American author and sportswriter who often wrote for Sports Illustrated . He was a high-standard amateur golfer , who played college golf at Texas Christian University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isedōtai_Site", "text": "The Isedōtai ruins ( 伊勢堂岱遺跡 , Isedōtai iseki ) is a late Jōmon period archaeological site in the city of Kitaakita , Akita Prefecture , in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan . Discovered during the construction of a highway to nearby Odate-Noshiro Airport , the remains were designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 2001 by the Japanese government . The site is located approximately five minutes on foot from Ogata on the Akita Nairiku Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/County_judge", "text": "The term county judge is applied as a descriptor , sometimes as a title , for a person who presides over a county court . In most cases , such as in Northern Ireland and the Victorian County Courts , a county judge is a judicial officer with civil or criminal jurisdiction . In the United States , however , there are some County Courts which exercise primarily administrative functions , in which case the County Judge may exercise largely or solely executive authority and be equivalent to the county executive in other local government areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bupaya_Pagoda", "text": "Bupaya Pagoda ( Burmese : ဗူးဘုရား , pronounced [ bú pʰəjá ] ) is a notable pagoda located in Bagan ( formerly Pagan ) , in Myanmar , at a bend on the right bank of the Ayeyarwady River . The small pagoda , which has a bulbous shaped dome , is widely believed to have been built by the third King of Pagan , Pyusawhti who ruled from 168 to 243 AD . It is one of the most notable shrines among the thousands of new or ruined Pagodas in Pagan , which is located about 90 miles ( 140 km ) south of Mandalay . The original pagoda was completely destroyed in the 1975 earthquake . As result of this earthquake , the bulbous pagoda broke into pieces and fell into the river . It was , however , fully reconstructed using modern materials , with lesser adherence to the original design . Subsequently , it was built as a gilded superstructure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_United_Methodist_Church_(DeWitt,_Arkansas)", "text": "The First United Methodist Church is a historic church building at Jefferson and Cross Streets in DeWitt , Arkansas . It is a two-story red brick structure , designed Thompson & Harding and built in 1923 . It has a Classical Revival style portico supported by six unevenly spaced Tuscan columns . The triangular pediment is fully enclosed , with a central oculus window . The building is the third built for a congregation established in 1854-55 , and the first built of brick . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HNK_Gorica", "text": "Hrvatski Nogometni Klub Gorica ( English : Croatian Football Club Gorica ) , commonly referred to as HNK Gorica or simply Gorica , is a Croatian football club based in the town of Velika Gorica , located just south of the Croatian capital Zagreb . They play their home matches at the Gradski stadion Velika Gorica , which has a capacity of 8,000 . They won the 2010-11 Croatian Second Football League title and were initially promoted to Croatian First Football League , but their top license was revoked . The club regard themselves as the spiritual continuation of the former Prva HNL members NK Radnik , who went bankrupt and were dissolved in 2009 . However , legally HNK Gorica is a distinct and separate club , and is not entitled to claim the history of the old NK Radnik ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Astrid_Chan", "text": "Astrid Chan ( born 8 July 1969 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong actress and host ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dunton,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Dunton is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . The village is situated approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) north from Aylesbury and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south-east from Winslow . In 2011 , Dunton had a population ( including Hoggeston ) of 189 . The parish contains a Grade II* listed church ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_fielder", "text": "A center fielder , abbreviated CF , is the outfielder in baseball who plays defense in center field - the baseball and softball fielding position between left field and right field . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the center fielder is assigned the number 8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conformational_isomerism", "text": "In chemistry , conformational isomerism is a form of stereoisomerism in which the isomers can be interconverted just by rotations about formally single bonds ( refer to figure on single bond rotation ) . While any two arrangements of atoms in a molecule that differ by rotation about single bonds can be referred to as different conformations , conformations that correspond to local minima on the energy surface are specifically called conformational isomers or conformers . Conformations that correspond to local maxima on the energy surface are the transition states between the local-minimum conformational isomers . Rotations about single bonds involve overcoming a rotational energy barrier to interconvert one conformer to another . If the energy barrier is low , there is free rotation and a sample of the compound exists as a rapidly equilibrating mixture of multiple conformers ; if the energy barrier is high enough then there is restricted rotation , a molecule may exist for a relatively long time period as a stable rotational isomer or rotamer ( an isomer arising from hindered single-bond rotation ) . When the time scale for interconversion is long enough for isolation of individual rotamers ( usually arbitrarily defined as a half-life of interconversion of 1000 seconds or longer ) , the isomers are termed atropisomers ( see : atropisomerism ) . The ring-flip of substituted cyclohexanes constitutes another common form of conformational isomerism . Conformational isomers are thus distinct from the other classes of stereoisomers ( i. e. configurational isomers ) where interconversion necessarily involves breaking and reforming of chemical bonds . For example , L/D- and R/S- configurations of organic molecules have different handedness and optical activities , and can only be interconverted by breaking one or more bonds connected to the chiral atom and reforming a similar bond in a different direction or spatial orientation . They also differ from geometric ( cis/trans ) isomers , another class of stereoisomers , which require the π-component of double bonds to break for interconversion . ( Although the distinction is not always clear-cut , since certain bonds that are formally single bonds actually have double bond character that becomes apparent only when secondary resonance contributors are considered , like the C-N bonds of amides , for instance . ) Due to rapid interconversion , conformers are usually not isolable at room temperature ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Rantoul,_Jr.", "text": "Robert Rantoul Jr. ( August 5 , 1805 - August 7 , 1852 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts . Rantoul was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives ( 1835-1839 ) , the commission to revise the laws of Massachusetts , and the Massachusetts Board of Education ( 1837-1842 ) . He was the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts ( 1846-1849 ) . He was elected in 1850 to the United States House of Representatives for the 32nd Congress . Before his term there began , he was named as a Democrat to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Robert Charles Winthrop , who had been appointed after the resignation of Daniel Webster and resigned when he failed to win election to a full term . Rantoul served in the Senate from February 1 , 1851 to March 4 , 1851 , and then in the House from March 4 , 1851 , until his death . He was buried in Central Cemetery , Beverly , Massachusetts . Rantoul had a wife , Jane Elizabeth Woodbury , and two children , Robert S. Rantoul and Charles W. Rantoul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Tasmania", "text": "The University of Tasmania ( UTAS ) is a public research university primarily located in Tasmania , Australia . Founded in 1890 , it is Australia 's fourth oldest university . Christ College , one of the university 's residential colleges , was founded in 1846 and is the oldest tertiary institution in the country . The University of Tasmania is a sandstone university and is a member of the international Association of Commonwealth Universities and the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning . The university offers various undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of disciplines , and has links with 20 specialist research institutes and cooperative research centres . The university 's Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies have strongly contributed to the university 's multiple 5 rating scores ( well above world standard ) for excellence in research awarded by the Australian Research Council . The University also delivers tertiary education at the Australian Maritime College , the national centre for maritime education , training and research . The university was ranked in the top 10 research universities in Australia and in the top two per cent of universities worldwide in the Academic Ranking of World Universities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Citizenship", "text": "Citizen is the status of a person recognized under the custom or law as being a legal member of a sovereign state or belonging to a nation . The idea of citizenship has been defined as the capacity of individuals to defend their rights in front of the governmental authority . A person may have multiple citizenships . A person who does not have citizenship of any state is said to be stateless , while one who lives on state borders whose territorial status is uncertain is a border-lander ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Chesapeake_(1799)", "text": "Chesapeake was a 38-gun wooden-hulled , three-masted heavy frigate of the United States Navy . She was one of the original six frigates whose construction was authorized by the Naval Act of 1794 . Joshua Humphreys designed these frigates to be the young navy 's capital ships . Chesapeake was originally designed as a 44-gun frigate , but construction delays , material shortages and budget problems caused builder Josiah Fox to alter her design to 38 guns . Launched at the Gosport Navy Yard on 2 December 1799 , Chesapeake began her career during the Quasi-War with France and later saw service in the First Barbary War . On 22 June 1807 she was fired upon by HMS Leopard of the Royal Navy for refusing to allow a search for deserters . The event , now known as the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair , angered the American public and government and was a precipitating factor that led to the War of 1812 . As a result of the affair , Chesapeake 's commanding officer , James Barron , was court-martialed and the United States instituted the Embargo Act of 1807 against the United Kingdom . Early in the War of 1812 she made one patrol and captured five British merchant ships . She was captured by HMS Shannon shortly after sailing from Boston , Massachusetts , on 1 June 1813 . The Royal Navy took her into their service as HMS Chesapeake , where she served until she was broken up and her timbers sold in 1819 . They are now part of the Chesapeake Mill in Wickham , England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Molly_(1999_film)", "text": "Molly is a 1999 romantic comedy-drama film about a 28-year-old woman with autism who comes into the custody of her neurotic executive brother . The film was directed by John Duigan and written by Dick Christie of Small Wonder-fame , and stars Elisabeth Shue as the title character , Aaron Eckhart as her older brother , and Jill Hennessy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Utah", "text": "The University of Utah ( U of U , UofU , or simply The U ) is a public research university in Salt Lake City , Utah . As the state 's flagship university , it offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and more than 92 graduate degree programs . The university is classified among Doctoral Universities - Very High Research Activity with selective , higher transfer-in admissions . Graduate studies include the S.J . Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine , Utah 's first medical school . As of Fall 2018 , there were 24,735 undergraduate students and 8,251 graduate students , for an enrollment total of 32,994 . The university was established in 1850 as the University of Deseret ( /ˌdɛzəˈrɛt/ ( listen ) ) by the General Assembly of the provisional State of Deseret , making it Utah 's oldest institution of higher education . It received its current name in 1892 , four years before Utah attained statehood , and moved to its current location in 1900 . The university ranks 61st among U.S. universities by total research expenditures with over $ 380 million spent in 2017 . 22 Rhodes Scholars , four Nobel Prize winners , two Turing Award winners , eight MacArthur Fellows , various Pulitzer Prize winners , two astronauts , Gates Cambridge Scholars , and Churchill Scholars have been affiliated with the university as students , researchers , or faculty members in its history . In addition , the university 's Honors College has been reviewed among 100 leading national Honors Colleges in the U.S . The university 's athletic teams , the Utes , participate in NCAA Division I athletics ( FBS for football ) as a member of the Pac-12 Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Granada", "text": "Granada ( /ɡrəˈnɑːdə/ grə-NAH-də , Spanish : [ ɡɾaˈnaða ] ) [ a ] , locally [ ɡɾaˈna ] is the capital city of the province of Granada , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain . Granada is located at the foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains , at the confluence of four rivers , the Darro , the Genil , the Monachil and the Beiro . It sits at an average elevation of 738 m ( 2,421 ft ) above sea level , yet is only one hour by car from the Mediterranean coast , the Costa Tropical . Nearby is the Sierra Nevada Ski Station , where the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1996 were held . In the 2005 national census , the population of the city of Granada proper was 236,982 , and the population of the entire urban area was estimated to be 472,638 , ranking as the 13th-largest urban area of Spain . About 3.3% of the population did not hold Spanish citizenship , the largest number of these people ( 31% ; or 1% of the total population ) coming from South America . Its nearest airport is Federico García Lorca Granada-Jaén Airport . The Alhambra , an Arab citadel and palace , is located in Granada . It is the most renowned building of the Islamic historical legacy with its many cultural attractions that make Granada a popular destination among the tourist cities of Spain . The Almohad influence on architecture is also preserved in the Granada neighborhood called the Albaicín with its fine examples of Moorish and Morisco construction . Granada is also well-known within Spain for the University of Granada which has an estimated 82,000 students spread over five different campuses in the city . The pomegranate ( in Spanish , granada ) is the heraldic device of Granada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dmitry_Puchkov", "text": "Dmitry Yuryevich Puchkov ( Russian : Дмитрий Юрьевич Пучков ; born August 2 , 1961 ) , also known as Starshiy Operupolnomocheniy Goblin , is an English-to-Russian movie and video game translator , script-writer , author , and activist . His alternative voice-over translations of famous Hollywood movies are widely known both for their perceived profanity and humour . Puchkov 's translation of the Russian gangster film Bumer is his only work on Russian movies and was the last alternative dubbing of his studio Bozhya Iskra . Puchkov is also a popular blogger and film reviewer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Motor_Company", "text": "Ford Motor Company , commonly known as Ford , is an American multinational automaker that has its main headquarters in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16 , 1903 . The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand , and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand . Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer Troller , an 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom and a 32% stake in Jiangling Motors . It also has joint-ventures in China ( Changan Ford ) , Taiwan ( Ford Lio Ho ) , Thailand ( AutoAlliance Thailand ) , Turkey ( Ford Otosan ) , and Russia ( Ford Sollers ) . The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family ; they have minority ownership but the majority of the voting power . Ford introduced methods for large-scale manufacturing of cars and large-scale management of an industrial workforce using elaborately engineered manufacturing sequences typified by moving assembly lines ; by 1914 , these methods were known around the world as Fordism . Ford 's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover , acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively , were sold to the Indian automaker Tata Motors in March 2008 . Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010 . In 2011 , Ford discontinued the Mercury brand , under which it had marketed entry-level luxury cars in the United States , Canada , Mexico , and the Middle East since 1938 . Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker ( behind General Motors ) and the fifth-largest in the world ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors ) based on 2015 vehicle production . At the end of 2010 , Ford was the fifth largest automaker in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maná", "text": "Maná ( Spanish : manna ) is a Mexican pop rock band from Guadalajara , Jalisco . This band was formed in 1986 . Maná is considered the most successful Latin American band of all time with over 40 million albums sold worldwide . The group 's current line-up consists of vocalist/guitarist Fher Olvera , drummer Alex González , guitarist Sergio Vallín and bassist Juan Calleros . Maná has earned four Grammy Awards , eight Latin Grammy Awards , five MTV Video Music Awards Latin America , six Premios Juventud awards , nineteen Billboard Latin Music Awards and fifteen Premios Lo Nuestro awards . Maná has topped the all-time lists in much of Latin America and in their native Mexico , where they set landmarks in record sales and concert attendances . The band formed in 1986 and released its first album , Falta Amor , in 1990 . In 1992 , the group released ¿Dónde Jugarán Los Niños ? , which sold more than 10 million copies worldwide , [ citation needed ] ( over 700,000 copies in the US alone ) becoming the best selling Spanish-language rock album of all time . After several lineup changes , the group released Cuando los Ángeles Lloran ( 1995 ) , which is noted for its stylistic departure from the band 's previous work . Maná followed with Sueños Líquidos ( 1997 ) , Revolución de Amor ( 2002 ) , and Amar es Combatir ( 2006 ) , which continued the group 's success . The band followed up with Drama y Luz in April 2011 . Their most recent album is Cama Incendiada , which was released in early 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Johnstone", "text": "Anthony Alastair Johnstone ( born 2 May 1956 ) is a Zimbabwean professional golfer . Johnstone was born in Bulawayo , Rhodesia and attended Christian Brothers College . He lives in Sunningdale in England . He turned professional in 1979 and has spent his career playing mainly on the Southern African Sunshine Tour and in Europe . He won six times on the European Tour and finished a career best seventh on the European Tour Order of Merit in 1992 . His most prestigious win came at the 1992 British PGA Championship . He won seventeen times on the Sunshine Tour , including one co-sanctioned event also included in his European Tour win tally , and he topped that tour 's Order of Merit in 1988/89 and 1993/94 . He has represented Zimbabwe in international competition many times . In 2004 Johnstone was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , possibly ending his playing career . With a revolutionary drug treatment , he appears to have put his MS in remission and made his European Seniors Tour debut shortly after turning fifty in 2006 . In 2008 he won his first EST event , the Jersey Seniors Classic . He won his second event on the Senior tour in 2009 at the Travis Perkins plc Senior Masters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark-Age", "text": "Gloria Lee ( March 22 , 1926 - December 3 , 1962 ) was an American airline flight attendant and a follower of Oahspe who became part of the 1950s contactee movement in 1953 . Lee , a native of Los Angeles , claimed to be in telepathic communication with an entity known as JW , who lived on the planet Venus , and began to assemble a book of his spiritual teachings as dictated to her . At his direction she founded the Cosmon Research Foundation for the purpose of publication and study of JW 's superhuman wisdom , much of which bore some resemblance to the 1882 teachings of Oahspe . Membership in Lee 's organization rose sharply after advertisements were regularly carried in Ray Palmer 's monthly occult magazine Fate . She hit the contactee lecture circuit and attracted considerable public attention . During her lectures , Lee sold copies of her book of revelations , Why We Are Here ! ( 1959 ) . The year of her death , a second JW book was published , The Changing Conditions of Your World ! ( 1962 ) . She developed a plan for world peace and a space station design and took them to Washington D.C. in late 1962 in an attempt to bring them to the attention of officials . However , after being rebuffed , she launched a hunger strike or protest fast , telling others in the UFO contactee community that she expected to enter a coma resembling death , then return with renewed spiritual energy to carry on her great work . However , the press were not notified of Lee 's hunger strike until some time after it had begun , and she attracted no publicity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Syncrude", "text": "Syncrude Canada Ltd. is one of the world 's largest producers of synthetic crude oil from oil sands and the largest single source producer in Canada . It is located just outside Fort McMurray in the Athabasca Oil Sands , and has a nameplate capacity of 350,000 barrels per day ( 56,000 m3/d ) of oil , equivalent to about 13% of Canada 's consumption . It has approximately 5.1 billion barrels ( 810,000,000 m3 ) of proven and probable reserves ( 11.9 billion when including contingent and prospective resources ) situated on 8 leases over 3 contiguous sites . Including fully realized prospective reserves , current production capacity could be sustained for well over 90 years . The company is a joint venture between five partners . As a result , Syncrude is not traded directly , but rather through the individual owners . As of February 2018 , the partners ( by percentage ) : Suncor Energy ( 58.74% ) , Imperial Oil ( 25% ) , Sinopec ( 9.03% ) , Nexen ( 7.23% ) Because of Nexen 's subsequent takeover by CNOOC , over 16% of the shares in Syncrude are controlled by State Owned Enterprises ( SOE ) . The ownership board must approve all annual operating budgets and proposed capital spending projects , and are required to provide the funding for said activities based on their ownership share ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Total_Direct_Énergie_(cycling_team)", "text": "Total Direct Energie ( UCI team code : TDE ) is a professional road bicycle racing team that competes as a UCI Professional Continental team in UCI Continental Circuits races , and UCI World Tour races when invited as a wild card entry . In previous years , the team was known as Brioches La Boulangère , Bonjour , Bouygues Télécom , and Bbox Bouygues Telecom and Europcar . The 2015 season was the last under the sponsorship of Europcar ; the team has been sponsored by Direct Énergie since 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Takeo,_Saga", "text": "Takeo ( 武雄市 , Takeo-shi ) is a city located in Saga Prefecture on the island of Kyushu , Japan . In 2011 , the city government was the first in Japan to switch to using Facebook for its website . As of October 1 , 2016 , the city has an estimated population of 48,845 and a population density of 257 persons per km² . The total area is 195.44 km² . On March 1 , 2006 , the towns of Kitagata and Yamauchi ( both from Kishima District ) were merged into Takeo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_CW_Plus", "text": "The CW Plus is the national feed of The CW , owned by The CW Network , LLC ( a joint venture between WarnerMedia and the CBS Entertainment Group unit of ViacomCBS , which each maintain a 50% ownership interest ) , that is primarily carried on digital subchannels and multichannel subscription television providers . The service is intended for areas ranked below the top 99 television markets in the United States designated by Nielsen Media Research . In addition to carrying CW network programming Monday through Friday and Sunday in daytime and prime time , as well as its Saturday morning educational programming block , The CW Plus runs a mix of syndicated and brokered programs . The CW handles programming and promotional services for The CW Plus at its corporate headquarters in Burbank , California ( marketing services were handled through a separate division for the service until March 2008 , when these operations were transferred to The CW 's marketing department due to layoffs imposed by the network ) ; centralcasting operations for the CW Plus affiliates are hubbed at the California Video Center in Los Angeles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portugal", "text": "Portugal ( Portuguese : [ puɾtuˈɣal ] ) , officially the Portuguese Republic ( Portuguese : República Portuguesa [ ʁɛˈpuβlikɐ puɾtuˈɣezɐ ] ) , [ note 5 ] is a country located mostly on the Iberian Peninsula , in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost sovereign state of mainland Europe , being bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain . Its territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments . Portugal is the oldest nation state on the Iberian Peninsula and one of the oldest in Europe and the world , its territory having been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The pre-Celtic people , Iberians , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigoths and Suebi Germanic peoples . After the Muslim conquests of the Iberian Peninsula , most of the territory was part of Al-Andalus until their expulsion . Portugal as a country was established during the early Christian Reconquista . Founded in 868 , the County of Portugal gained prominence after the Battle of São Mamede in 1128 . The Kingdom of Portugal was later proclaimed following the Battle of Ourique in 1139 , and independence from León was recognised by the Treaty of Zamora in 1143 . On 12 December 2017 , the Portuguese Navy commemorated the 700th anniversary of its official creation by King Denis of Portugal . Tracing its origins back to the 12th century , it is the oldest continuously serving navy in the world . In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valentin_Mavrodineanu", "text": "Tudorel-Valentin Mavrodineanu ( born July 3 , 1986 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast . He won seven world championships medals ( four gold , one silver , and two bronze ) and seven European medals ( six gold and one bronze ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aaron_Eckhart", "text": "Aaron Edward Eckhart ( born March 12 , 1968 ) is an American actor . Born in Cupertino , California , Eckhart moved to England at age 13 , when his father relocated the family . Several years later , he began his acting career by performing in school plays , before moving to Australia for his high school senior year . He left high school without graduating , but earned a diploma through an adult education course , and graduated from Brigham Young University ( BYU ) in 1994 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in film . For much of the mid-1990s , he lived in New York City as a struggling , unemployed actor . As an undergraduate at BYU , Eckhart met director and writer Neil LaBute , who cast him in several of his own original plays . Five years later Eckhart made a debut as an unctuous , sociopathic ladies ' man in LaBute 's black comedy film In the Company of Men ( 1997 ) . Under LaBute 's guidance he worked in the director 's films Your Friends & Neighbors ( 1998 ) , Nurse Betty ( 2000 ) , and Possession ( 2002 ) . Eckhart gained wide recognition as George in Steven Soderbergh 's critically acclaimed film Erin Brockovich ( 2000 ) , and , in 2006 , he received a Golden Globe nomination for his portrayal of Nick Naylor in Thank You for Smoking . Another mainstream breakout occurred in 2008 when he starred in the blockbuster Batman film The Dark Knight as District Attorney Harvey Dent . Other key roles include The Pledge ( 2001 ) , The Core ( 2003 ) , Paycheck ( 2003 ) , Rabbit Hole ( 2010 ) , Battle : Los Angeles ( 2011 ) , Olympus Has Fallen ( 2013 ) and its sequel London Has Fallen ( 2016 ) , I , Frankenstein ( 2014 ) , and Sully ( 2016 ) , Midway ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cloud_IDE", "text": "An Online integrated development environment , also known as a Web IDE or Cloud IDE , is a browser based integrated development environment . An online IDE can be accessed from a web browser , such as Google Chrome or Internet Explorer , enabling software development on an low-powered devices that are normally unsuitable . An online IDE does not usually contain all of the same features as a traditional , or desktop , IDE , although all of the basic IDE features , such as a Source code editor with syntax highlighting . Integrated Version control and Read-Eval-Print Loop ( REPL ) may also be included . Online IDE 's can be further categorised into professional and educational . Cloud9 IDE and code.pyret.org being examples where Cloud9 IDE is part of the wider AWS offering , and the WeScheme Online IDE is specifically designed to support education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Active_rock", "text": "Active rock is a radio format used by many commercial radio stations across the United States and Canada . Active rock stations play a balance of new hard rock songs with valued classic rock favorites , normally with an emphasis similar to Mainstream Rock and Album Oriented Rock on the hard rock end of the spectrum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armenia", "text": "The original native Armenian name for the country was Հայք ( Hayk ) ; however , it is currently rarely used . The contemporary name Հայաստան ( Hayastan ) became popular in the Middle Ages by addition of the Persian suffix -stan ( place ) . [ citation needed ] . However the origins of the name Hayastan trace back to much earlier dates and were first attested in circa 5th century in the works of Agathangelos , Faustus of Byzantium , Ghazar Parpetsi , Koryun , and Sebeos . The name has traditionally been derived from Hayk ( Հայկ ) , the legendary patriarch of the Armenians and a great-great-grandson of Noah , who , according to the 5th-century AD author Moses of Chorene ( Movsis Khorenatsi ) , defeated the Babylonian king Bel in 2492 BC and established his nation in the Ararat region . The further origin of the name is uncertain . It is also further postulated that the name Hay comes from one of the two confederated , Hittite vassal states - the Ḫayaša-Azzi ( 1600-1200 BC ) . The exonym Armenia is attested in the Old Persian Behistun Inscription ( 515 BC ) as Armina ( ) . The Ancient Greek terms Ἀρμενία ( Armenía ) and Ἀρμένιοι ( Arménioi , Armenians ) are first mentioned by Hecataeus of Miletus ( c. 550 BC - c. 476 BC ) . Xenophon , a Greek general serving in some of the Persian expeditions , describes many aspects of Armenian village life and hospitality in around 401 BC . Some scholars have linked the name Armenia with the Early Bronze Age state of Armani ( Armanum , Armi ) or the Late Bronze Age state of Arme ( Shupria ) . These connections are inconclusive as it is not known what languages were spoken in these kingdoms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harimau_Muda_A", "text": "Harimau Muda A was the club name for the former Malaysia Under-22 National Football Team , representing Malaysia in international football competitions such as the AFC U-22 Asian Cup , Champions Youth Cup as well as other under-22 international football tournaments . It was managed by Football Association of Malaysia . The squad was the feeder team for Malaysia U-23 and senior national football team . In 2015 , Harimau Muda once again became a single team composed of former Harimau Muda A & B players . On 25 November 2015 , it was confirmed that the club was disbanded by FAM which meant that all the players were returned to their own state sides . Harimau Muda A last competed in Australia 's National Premier Leagues Queensland , having lastly participated in a domestic league competition is the 2012 S. League . The team was aimed at developing Malaysian youth players and does not recruit any foreign nationals in its squad . The name Harimau Muda means Young Tigers in English ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Austria participated at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1989_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season ended with Miami winning its third National Championship during the 1980s , cementing its claim as the decade 's top team , winning more titles than any other program . Notre Dame signed a six-year , $ 30 million deal with NBC , granting the network the exclusive rights to broadcast Notre Dame football . However , the deal would not start until 1991 . Florida State began 0-2 but finished the season 10-2 , having beaten the National Champions Miami earlier in the season and beating Nebraska in the Fiesta Bowl . Oklahoma coach Barry Switzer resigned June 19 after 16 seasons , during which he led the Sooners to three national championships ( 1974 , 1975 , 1985 ) . Michigan coach Bo Schembechler retired following the season . Steve Spurrier was hired by Florida away from Duke in an effort to clean up after a decade of NCAA sanctions . Houston quarterback Andre Ware ran the run and shoot offense all the way to the Heisman Trophy and numerous records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Only_Lovers_Left_Alive", "text": "Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 comedy-drama film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi and John Hurt . An international co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film focuses on the romance between two vampires , and was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival . In 2016 , the film was ranked among the 100 greatest films since 2000 in an international critics poll by 177 critics around the world . In late 2019 , it was named the fourth greatest film of the 2010s by The Hollywood Reporter 's chief film critic Todd McCarthy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shirokane-Takanawa_Station", "text": "Shirokane-takanawa Station ( 白金高輪駅 , Shirokane-takanawa-eki ) is a subway station in Takanawa 1-chōme , Minato , Tokyo , Japan , jointly operated by the two Tokyo subway operators , Tokyo Metro and Toei Subway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newhart", "text": "Newhart is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from October 25 , 1982 to May 21 , 1990 with a total of 184 half-hour episodes spanning over eight seasons . The series stars Bob Newhart and Mary Frann as an author and his wife who own and operate an inn in a small , rural Vermont town that is home to many eccentric characters . TV Guide , TV Land , and A & E named the Newhart series finale as one of the most memorable in television history . Newhart was recorded on videotape for Season 1 , with the remaining seasons shot on film . The theme music for Newhart was composed by Henry Mancini ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fida", "text": "Fida ( translation : Infatuated ) is a 2004 Indian Hindi romantic thriller film released on 20 August 2004 . The film is directed by Ken Ghosh and stars Shahid Kapoor , Fardeen Khan and Kareena Kapoor . Initially , the film was offered to Amisha Patel , however , the actress refused it due to another film commitment . This is the first film in which Kareena Kapoor played a negative role . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Heaney", "text": "Andrew M. Heaney ( born June 5 , 1991 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . Prior to becoming a professional , he played college baseball for the Oklahoma State Cowboys . The Miami Marlins drafted Heaney in the first round ( 9th overall ) of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft . He made his MLB debut in 2014 . He previously played for the Marlins organization , where , in 2012 , he earned the nickname Heanerschnitzel ( or alternatively , Hean Dog ) after winning a locker room hotdog-eating contest among teammates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bunker_(2001_film)", "text": "The Bunker is a 2001 war horror film directed by Rob Green , written by Clive Dawson and starring Jason Flemyng ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Native_Dancer", "text": "Native Dancer ( March 27 , 1950 - November 16 , 1967 ) , nicknamed the Gray Ghost , was one of the most celebrated and accomplished Thoroughbred racehorses in American history and was the first horse made famous through the medium of television . He was a champion in each of his three years of racing , and was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1963 . In the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 Racehorses of the 20th Century , he was ranked seventh . As a two-year-old , he was undefeated in his nine starts and was voted Horse of the Year in two of three major industry polls - One Count won the other . At age three , he suffered the sole defeat in his career in the 1953 Kentucky Derby , but rebounded to win the Preakness , Belmont and Travers Stakes . He made only three starts at age four before being retired due to injury , but was still named American Horse of the Year . Retired to stud in 1955 , he became a major sire whose offspring included champion Raise A Native and dual Classic winner Kauai King . Also an influential broodmare sire , Native Dancer is now all but universal in modern pedigrees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aston_Villa_F.C.", "text": "Aston Villa Football Club ( nicknamed Villa ) is an English professional football club based in Aston , Birmingham . The club competes in the Premier League , the top tier of the English football league system . Founded in 1874 , they have played at their home ground , Villa Park , since 1897 . Aston Villa were one of the founder members of the Football League in 1888 and of the Premier League in 1992 . Villa are one of only five English clubs to have won the European Cup , in 1981-82 . They have also won the Football League First Division seven times , the FA Cup seven times , the League Cup five times , and the UEFA Super Cup once . Villa have a fierce local rivalry with Birmingham City and the Second City derby between the teams has been played since 1879 . The club 's traditional kit colours are claret shirts with sky blue sleeves , white shorts and sky blue socks . Their traditional club badge is of a rampant lion . The club is currently owned by the NSWE group , a company owned by the Egyptian billionaire Nassef Sawiris and the American billionaire Wes Edens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Idaho", "text": "The University of Idaho ( U of I , or UIdaho ) is a public university in Moscow , Idaho . It is the state 's land-grant and primary research university . It is the lead university in the Idaho Space Grant Consortium . The University of Idaho was the state 's sole university for 71 years , until 1963 , and its College of Law , established in 1909 , was first accredited by the American Bar Association in 1925 . Formed by the territorial legislature on January 30 , 1889 , the university opened its doors in 1892 on October 3 , with an initial class of 40 students . The first graduating class in 1896 contained two men and two women . It has an enrollment exceeding 12,000 , with over 11,000 on the Moscow campus . The university offers 142 degree programs , from accountancy to wildlife resources , including bachelor 's , master 's , doctoral , and specialists ' degrees . Certificates of completion are offered in 30 areas of study . At 25% and 53% , its 4 and 6 year graduation rates are the highest of any public university in Idaho , and it generates 74 percent of all research money in the state , with research expenditures of $ 100 million in 2010 alone . As a land-grant university and the primary research university in the state , UI has the largest campus in the state at 1,585 acres ( 6.4 km2 ) , in the rolling hills of the Palouse region at an elevation of 2,600 feet ( 790 m ) above sea level . The school is home to the Idaho Vandals , who compete in NCAA Division I athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darkwing_Duck", "text": "Darkwing Duck is an American animated action-adventure comedy television series produced by Disney Television Animation ( formerly Walt Disney Television Animation ) that first ran from 1991 to 1992 on both the syndicated programming block The Disney Afternoon and Saturday mornings on ABC . It features the adventures of Darkwing Duck , who is the superheroic alter-ego of an ordinary suburban person named Drake Mallard . Though originally believed by some fans to be a spin-off of the 1987 DuckTales series , creator Tad Stones stated in a 2016 report that he believes the two shows exist in different universes , despite DuckTales supporting characters Launchpad McQuack appearing on the series in a similar role to that the character plays in DuckTales as well as Gizmoduck appearing in a few episodes , and the fact that Scrooge McDuck , the main character of DuckTales , is mentioned in Darkwing Duck episode Tiff of the Titans . Additionally , the 2011 comic series DuckTales makes reference to Darkwing Duck and features various villains from the series . A crossover between the Darkwing Duck comic series and the DuckTales comic series occurs respectively in the seventeenth and eighteenth issues and the fifth and sixth issues of the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sylvia_Sidney", "text": "Sylvia Sidney ( born Sophia Kosow , August 8 , 1910 - July 1 , 1999 ) was an American stage , screen and film actress whose career spanned over 70 years . She rose to prominence in dozens of leading roles in the 1930s . She later gained attention for her role as Juno , a case worker in the afterlife , in Tim Burton 's film Beetlejuice , for which she won a Saturn Award as Best Supporting Actress . She also was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Summer Wishes , Winter Dreams ( 1973 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012–13_Euroleague", "text": "The 2012-13 Euroleague was the 13th season of the modern era of Euroleague Basketball and the third under the title sponsorship of the Turkish Airlines . Including the competition 's previous incarnation as the FIBA Europe Champions Cup , this was the 56th season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs . The season started on 11 October 2012 and finished on 12 May 2013 . The Final Four was held at The O2 Arena in London . The championship game was won by Olympiacos , who defeated Real Madrid 100-88 . Olympiacos became the just third team since the introduction of the Final Four format to win two Euroleague championships in a row and the second team in Euroleague Basketball Company era ( Euroleague 2000-01 season to present ) to become back-to-back Euroleague champions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wesley_Methodist_Church_(Anchorage,_Kentucky)", "text": "The Wesley Methodist Church , located on Haunz Lane near Anchorage , Kentucky , is a historic church which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 . It was built in 1824 and , in its 1984 Kentucky historic resources site inventory , it was identified as the only known unaltered early stone church in Kentucky . It is a one-room dry stone front-gable church , about 32 by 44 feet ( 9.8 m × 13.4 m ) in plan , with three windows on each side . It was built by Silas Bobbitt , age 20 , and Bruce Jean , age 18 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blue_River_Township,_Harrison_County,_Indiana", "text": "Blue River Township is one of twelve townships in Harrison County , Indiana , United States . As of the 2010 census , its population was 2,064 and it contained 889 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burton_in_Lonsdale", "text": "Burton in Lonsdale is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England , close to the border with Lancashire and Cumbria . It is in Lonsdale ( the River Lune valley and its tributaries ) . According to the 2001 census , it had a population of 621 , decreasing to 579 at the 2011 Census . The parish is approximately 1,500 acres ( 6 km² ) in area and has many farms - dairy , beef and sheep . Little is grown , except grass to feed the animals . Formerly famous for country pottery , it is now a quiet village situated between two national parks ( the Lake District National Park and the Yorkshire Dales National Park ) and by the side of the River Greta ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Algonquin_Round_Table", "text": "The Algonquin Round Table was a group of New York City writers , critics , actors , and wits . Gathering initially as part of a practical joke , members of The Vicious Circle , as they dubbed themselves , met for lunch each day at the Algonquin Hotel from 1919 until roughly 1929 . At these luncheons they engaged in wisecracks , wordplay , and witticisms that , through the newspaper columns of Round Table members , were disseminated across the country . Daily association with each other , both at the luncheons and outside of them , inspired members of the Circle to collaborate creatively . The entire group worked together successfully only once , however , to create a revue called No Sirree ! which helped launch a Hollywood career for Round Tabler Robert Benchley . In its ten years of association , the Round Table and a number of its members acquired national reputations , both for their contributions to literature and for their sparkling wit . Although some of their contemporaries , and later in life even some of its members , disparaged the group , its reputation has endured long after its dissolution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2006", "text": "The 2006 Pro Tour season was the eleventh season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . On 18 December 2005 the season began with parallel Grand Prixs in Lille and Charlotte . It ended on 3 December 2006 with the conclusion of the 2006 World Championship in Paris . The season consisted of 22 Grand Prixs and 5 Pro Tours , held in Honolulu , Prague , Charleston , Kobe , and Paris . At the end of the season Shouta Yasooka from Japan was proclaimed Pro Player of the year . At the Worlds in Paris the second class of the Hall of Fame was inducted . The inductees were Bob Maher , Jr. , Dave Humpherys , Raphaël Lévy , Gary Wise , and Rob Dougherty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesse_M._Robredo_Coliseum", "text": "The Jesse M. Robredo Coliseum is an indoor sporting arena located in Naga City , Camarines Sur , Philippines . It is dubbed as The Big Dome of the South , being the largest indoor arena in Southern Luzon . It opened in August 2010 as Naga City Coliseum and has a maximum seating capacity of more than 12,000 spectators . Its construction started in 2009 . In September 27 , 2012 , the coliseum was renamed in honor of the late former Mayor of Naga City and DILG Sec . Jesse M. Robredo who died in a plane crash ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfonso_Ugarte_de_Puno", "text": "Club Deportivo Alfonso Ugarte is a Peruvian association football club , located in the city of Puno.The club is the biggest in the city of Puno . It was founded in 1928 and play in the Peruvian Segunda Division which is the second division of the Peruvian league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_National_Bank_Building_(Stratford,_Oklahoma)", "text": "The First National Bank Building in Stratford , Oklahoma , at 100 West Main , was built in 1907 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 . It is a two-story brick building with a patterned metal hipped roof , with two gabled dormers and six brick chimneys and two small metal towerets and an ornamented ridge cap , as well as a two-story turret . It is described as Late Victorian in style , combining elements of Romanesque Revival and Queen Anne styles , which it terms as sub-styles of Victorian . Queen Anne characteristics include the irregular massing and some details ; Romanesque Revival elements include the rounded stonework arch above the building 's corner entrance . The building is unique among the commercial buildings of downtown Stratford . The majority of other buildings in the central business district are relatively plain , one-story , brick , Commercial style resources ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBN_Television", "text": "NBN Television is an Australian television station based in Newcastle , Australia . The station was inaugurated on 4 March 1962 as the first regional commercial television station in New South Wales , and has since expanded to 39 transmitters throughout the northern half of New South Wales and parts of South East Queensland , including Tamworth , Tweed Heads , Lismore , Coffs Harbour , Hunter Region , Central Coast and the Gold Coast . It is owned and operated by the Nine Network . The station 's call sign , NBN , is an acronym for Newcastle Broadcasting New South Wales . NBN is the only regional station in mainland Australia to produce a one-hour news bulletin seven days a week . Since 2007 , it has been owned by Nine 's parent company Nine Entertainment Co. ( formerly PBL Media ) , making it a sister station to its metropolitan counterparts . However , following the PBL acquisition , NBN at the time continued to operate as an independent regional affiliate of the main network under the name NBN Television . On 1 July 2016 when Nine switched regional affiliations outside Northern NSW and the Gold Coast , NBN was finally folded into the Nine Network adopting the primary logo with the NBN name retired on air ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Captain_Corelli's_Mandolin_(film)", "text": "Captain Corelli 's Mandolin is a 2001 war film directed by John Madden . It is based on the 1994 novel Captain Corelli 's Mandolin by Louis de Bernières . The film pays homage to the thousands of Italian soldiers executed at the Massacre of the Acqui Division by German forces in Cephalonia in September 1943 , and to the people of Cephalonia who were killed in the post-war earthquake . The novel 's protagonists are portrayed by actors Nicolas Cage and Penélope Cruz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York's_29th_congressional_district", "text": "The Twenty-ninth district of New York is an obsolete congressional district for the United States House of Representatives which most recently included a portion of the Appalachian mountains in New York known as the Southern Tier . It was most recently represented by Tom Reed . This district number became obsolete for the 113th Congress in 2013 as a result of the 2010 Census . Most of the former 29th district remained intact and was to be renumbered as the 23rd district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Criterion_Wind_Project", "text": "The Criterion Wind Project is a wind farm located on Backbone Mountain east of Oakland , Maryland , United States . The project has a rated capacity of 70 MW and uses 28 Liberty Wind Turbines manufactured by Clipper Windpower . Each of the wind turbines is about 415 feet tall . The Criterion Wind Project is owned by Criterion Power Partners , LLC , which is a subisiary of Exelon , and interconnected with the transmission system of the Potomac Edison Company ( a subsidiary of FirstEnergy ) . Electricity and renewable energy credits from the project are sold to the Old Dominion Electric Cooperative under a 20-year supply contract ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Bear_Lake_International_Film_Festival", "text": "The Big Bear International Film Festival was held in the mountain community of Big Bear Lake , California , United States from 2000-2014 . Every year , the festival expanded in its number of submissions and the prestige of their honorees . The festival hosted both film and screenplay competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palmyra_(village),_New_York", "text": "Palmyra is a village in Wayne County , New York , United States . The population was 3,536 at the 2010 census . The village , along with the town , is named after Palmyra in present-day Syria . The village is in the Town of Palmyra . The village is east of Rochester ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crystal_City_station_(Washington_Metro)", "text": "Crystal City is a side platformed Washington Metro station in the Crystal City neighborhood of Arlington , Virginia , United States . The station was opened on July 1 , 1977 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . Providing service for both the Blue and Yellow Lines , the station is located on 18th Street in between the Jefferson Davis Memorial Highway and South Bell Street . The station is also accessible from the underground network of shopping centers and restaurants extending beneath Crystal City . This is the final indoor transfer point between the Blue and Yellow lines in the southbound direction . In inclement weather , commuters may prefer to transfer at Crystal City rather than at King Street-Old Town , which is outdoors . The station is also served by the Metroway bus rapid transit line . Some Metroway buses terminate here rather than at Pentagon City station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/King_Ranch", "text": "King Ranch , located in South Texas between Corpus Christi and Brownsville near Kingsville , is the largest ranch in Texas , an area larger than the state of Rhode Island . The King Ranch comprises 825,000 acres ( 3,340 km2 ; 1,289 sq mi ) and was founded in 1853 by Captain Richard King and Gideon K. Lewis . It includes portions of six Texas counties ; most of Kleberg County and much of Kenedy County , with portions extending into Brooks , Jim Wells , Nueces , and Willacy counties . The ranch does not consist of one single contiguous plot of land , but rather four large sections called divisions . The divisions are the Santa Gertrudis , the Laureles , the Encino and the Norias . Only the first two of the four divisions border each other , and that border is relatively short . The ranch was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Katsuragi,_Nara", "text": "Katsuragi ( 葛城市 , Katsuragi-shi ) is a city located in Nara Prefecture , Japan . As of August 1 , 2019 , the city has an estimated population of 37,352 , and 14,775 households . The population density is 1,107 persons per km2 , and the total area is 33.73 km2 . [ citation needed ] The modern city of Katsuragi was established on October 1 , 2004 , from the merger of the towns of Shinjō and Taima ( both from Kitakatsuragi District ) . Katsuragi has a deep history being located in the ancient capital of Japan , Nara . Katsuragi has many temples , shrines and tombs , many which contain important national treasures and important cultural properties . Also blessed with a rich natural environment , to the west lies the Kongo ranges which includes the mountains of Mt . Nijo , Mt . Iwahashi and Mt . Katsuragi . The east side of Katsuragi City includes the commercial and residential areas with National Route 24 , railway stations and the Katsuragi River . The climate is generally mild and is classified as an inland climate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carol_Cady", "text": "Carol Therese Cady ( born June 6 , 1962 in Los Alamos , New Mexico ) is a retired female shot putter and discus thrower from the United States . She competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1984 . During the 1980s Cady was one of the first women to compete in hammer throw . Cady was on the track team while a student at Stanford University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_the_Visayas", "text": "The University of the Visayas ( UV ) is located in Cebu City , Philippines . It is the first school in the province of Cebu to attain university status ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Haggin_Perry", "text": "William Haggin Perry ( December 5 , 1910 - November 12 , 1993 ) was a prominent owner and breeder of Thoroughbred racehorses . He was the son of Henry Pierrepont Perry , a Wall Street Stockbroker , and Edith Lounsbery , the daughter of Richard P. Lounsbery and Edith Hunter Haggin who in turn was the daughter of one of America 's most prominent horsemen , James Ben Ali Haggin . Although born in New York City , William Perry spent a good deal of his childhood at Rancho Del Paso , the huge Haggin family ranch in Sacramento County , California . The family owned a summer estate in Newport , Rhode Island and young William Perry studied there at St. George 's School before going on to Yale University . William Perry and his wife Nicole made their home at Waterford Farm , a 144-acre equestrian estate in Buchanan County , Virginia about four miles from the village of Middleburg . According to Armfield , Miller & Ripley Fine Properties , LLC , real estate agents who sold the property , The Chronicle of the Horse publication called Waterford Farm one of the ten most important thoroughbred facilities in the United States during the late 1970s and early 80s . In 1960 , through his Gamely Corporation William Perry entered into an annual foal sharing partnership with Arthur Hancock of Claiborne Farm . Perry raced many top runners including 1979 Belmont Stakes winner Coastal . His early success in racing came with the filly Alanesian who in turn produced Boldnesian and Princessnesian . Perry 's first Champion was Lamb Chop in 1963 , followed by U.S . Racing Hall of Fame inductee Gamely in 1967 , and Revidere in 1976 . In 1993 , William Haggin Perry died at Waterford Farm at age eighty-five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simba", "text": "Simba is the main character of Disney 's The Lion King franchise . Introduced in Walt Disney Animation 's 32nd animated feature film The Lion King ( 1994 ) , the character subsequently appears in The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride ( 1998 ) and The Lion King 1½ ( 2004 ) as well as the 2019 remake of the original film , which is the most recent appearance . Simba was created by screenwriters Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton . While Mark Henn served as Simba 's supervising animator as a cub , Ruben A. Aquino animated the character as he appears as an adult . Simba was inspired by the character Bambi from Disney 's Bambi ( 1942 ) , Osamu Tezuka 's anime Kimba the White Lion , as well as the stories of Moses and Joseph from the Bible . Additionally , several similarities have been drawn between Simba and Prince Hamlet from William Shakespeare 's Hamlet . In 1997 , The Lion King was adapted into a Broadway musical , with actors Scott Irby-Ranniar and Jason Raize originating the roles of the cub and adult Simbas , respectively . JD McCrary and Donald Glover voice the cub and adult Simba respectively in the CGI remake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pracheachon", "text": "The Krom Pracheachon ( Khmer : ក្រុមប្រជាជន , People 's Group ) , often referred to simply as Pracheachon , was a Cambodian political party that contested in parliamentary elections in 1955 , 1958 and 1972 . For much of its existence the party was a legal front organisation for the clandestine Communist Party of Kampuchea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazilian_Labor_Party_(current)", "text": "The Brazilian Labour Party ( Portuguese : Partido Trabalhista Brasileiro , PTB ) is a political party in Brazil founded in 1981 by Ivete Vargas , niece of President Getúlio Vargas . It claims the legacy of the historical PTB , although many historians reject this because the early version of PTB was a center-left party with wide support in the low class . Despite the name suggesting a left unionist labor party , the PTB joined a coalition which is by the centre/centre-right PSDB ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ceiba,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Ceiba ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈseiβa ] ) is both a small town and municipality in northeast Puerto Rico . It is named after the famous Ceiba tree [ citation needed ] . Ceiba is located in the north-east coast of the island , bordering the Atlantic Ocean , south of Fajardo , north of Naguabo and southeast of Río Grande . Located about one hour 's driving distance from San Juan , Ceiba is spread over 7 wards and Ceiba Pueblo ( the downtown area and administrative center ) . It is part of the Fajardo Metropolitan Statistical Area . Ceiba , situated near Fajardo , used to be home of an American military Naval base , the Roosevelt Roads Naval Station . Most of the units were relocated and the base was closed in 2004 . Ex-governor Sila María Calderón suggested turning the property into a major international airport , to serve as a relief to Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in San Juan , and to increase the number of international airlines that operate into Puerto Rico . She was met with skepticism about these plans from such groups as environmentalists , economists and others , but in 2008 , José Aponte de la Torre Airport was inaugurated at the base 's former site . Locals are commonly known as Los Come Sopa ( The Soup Eaters ) . Even though there is no official reason as to why they are called this , a few stories have been suggested . Among the tales is the belief that since the town did not have a local meat market people had to travel long distances in order to buy some meat and therefore mostly ate soup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conwy", "text": "Conwy ( Welsh pronunciation : [ 'kɔnwɨ̞ ] ( northern accents ) , Welsh pronunciation : [ 'kɔnwi ] ( southern accents ) , [ citation needed ] is a walled market town and community in Conwy County Borough on the north coast of Wales . The town , which faces Deganwy across the River Conwy , formerly lay in Gwynedd and prior to that in Caernarfonshire . The community , which includes Deganwy and Llandudno Junction , had a population of 14,208 at the 2001 census , and is a popular tourist destination . The population rose to 14,753 at the 2011 census . In the 2015 census The size of the resident population in Conwy County Borough on the 30th June 2015 was estimated to be 116,200 people . The town itself has a population of 4,065 . The name 'Conwy ' derives from the old Welsh words 'cyn ' ( chief ) and 'gwy ' ( water ) , the river being originally called the 'Cynwy ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Choctaw", "text": "Choctaw Naval Outlying Field ( IATA : NFJ , ICAO : KNFJ , FAA LID : NFJ ) is the United States Navy 's designation for an auxiliary airfield that was originally constructed during World War II as Eglin Field ( now Eglin AFB ) Auxiliary Field # 10 . It is located 16.6 miles northeast of Pensacola , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_Portable", "text": "The PlayStation Portable [ a ] ( PSP ) is a handheld game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was first released in Japan on December 12 , 2004 , in North America on March 24 , 2005 , and in PAL regions on September 1 , 2005 , and is the first handheld installment in the PlayStation line of consoles . As a seventh generation console , the PSP primarily competed with the Nintendo DS . Development of the PSP was announced during E3 2003 , and the console was unveiled at a Sony press conference on May 11 , 2004 . The system was the most powerful portable console when it was introduced , and was the first real competitor of Nintendo 's handheld consoles after many challengers , such as SNK 's Neo Geo Pocket and Nokia 's N-Gage , had failed . The PSP 's advanced graphics capabilities made it a popular mobile entertainment device , which could connect to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 consoles , computers running Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh software , other PSP systems , and the Internet . The PSP is the only handheld console to use an optical disc format - Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) - as its primary storage medium . The PSP was received positively by critics , and sold over 80 million units during its ten-year lifetime . Several models of the console were released , before the PSP line was succeeded by the PlayStation Vita , released in Japan in 2011 and worldwide a year later . The Vita has backward compatibility with PSP games that were released on the PlayStation Network through the PlayStation Store , which became the main method of purchasing PSP games after Sony shut down access to the store from the PSP on March 31 , 2016 . Hardware shipments of the PSP ended worldwide in 2014 ; production of UMDs ended when the last Japanese factory producing them closed in late 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosmopolitan_(magazine)", "text": "Cosmopolitan is an international fashion and entertainment magazine for women that was formerly titled The Cosmopolitan . Cosmopolitan magazine is one of the best-selling magazines and is directed mainly towards a female audience . Jessica Pels is the editor-in-chief of Cosmopolitan magazine . The magazine was first published and distributed in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and since 1965 has become a women 's magazine . Cosmopolitan magazine is often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles discussing relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , horoscopes , and beauty . Published by Hearst Corporation , Cosmopolitan has 64 international editions , including Armenia , Australia , Croatia , Estonia , Finland , France , Greece , Hungary , Latin America , Malaysia , the Middle East , the Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Romania , Russia , Serbia , Singapore , South Africa , Spain , Sweden , and the United Kingdom and is printed in 35 different languages and distributed in over 110 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Command_(India)", "text": "The Central Command of the Indian Army is one of the seven operational commands of the army . It is based at Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh . Lt General Iqroop Singh Ghuman is the present General Officer Commanding-in-Chief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erin_Thorn", "text": "Erin Thorn ( born May 19 , 1981 ) is an American professional basketball player . She is currently playing for Tarbes GB in Tarbes , France . Born in Orem , Utah , Thorn earned Ms. Basketball honors for the state of Utah in 1999 . After accepted a scholarship to Brigham Young University , Thorn was a four-year starter as shooting guard for the women 's basketball team . She graduated in 2003 with a degree in Fitness and Wellness Management ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_of_Argyll", "text": "Duke of Argyll ( Scottish Gaelic : Diùc Earra-Ghàidheil ) is a title , created in the Peerage of Scotland in 1701 and in the Peerage of the United Kingdom in 1892 . The Earls , Marquesses , and Dukes of Argyll were for several centuries among the most powerful noble families in Scotland . As such , they played a major role in Scottish history throughout the 16th , 17th , and 18th centuries . The Duke of Argyll also holds the hereditary titles of chief of Clan Campbell and Master of the Household of Scotland . Since 2001 , Torquhil Campbell has been Duke of Argyll and is the thirteenth man to hold the title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arif_Mardin", "text": "Arif Mardin ( March 15 , 1932 - June 25 , 2006 ) was a Turkish-American music producer , who worked with hundreds of artists across many different styles of music , including jazz , rock , soul , disco and country . He worked at Atlantic Records for over 30 years , as producer , arranger , studio manager , and vice president , before moving to EMI and serving as vice president and general manager of Manhattan Records . His collaborations include working with Queen , the Bee Gees , Hall & Oates , Anita Baker , Aretha Franklin , Dionne Warwick , Donny Hathaway & Roberta Flack , Bette Midler , Chaka Khan , Laura Nyro , Phil Collins , Daniel Rodriguez , and Norah Jones . Mardin was awarded eleven Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coronel_Marcelino_Maridueña_Canton", "text": "Coronel Marcelino Maridueña Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of Coronel Marcelino Maridueña . Its population at the 2001 census was 11,054 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turks_in_Italy", "text": "Turks in Italy ( Turkish : İtalya Türkleri ) are Italian citizens of Turkish origin . The term Turk or Turkish used in Italy may apply to immigrants or the descendants of immigrants born in the Ottoman Empire before 1923 , in the Republic of Turkey since then , or in neighbouring countries once part of the Ottoman Empire that still have a population whose language is Turkish or who claims a Turkish identity or cultural heritage , in contrast to the many other peoples from present-day Turkey and the former Ottoman Empire , who identify with their own communities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1940_in_film", "text": "The year 1940 in film involved some significant events , including the premieres of the Walt Disney films Pinocchio and Fantasia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taiwan", "text": "Taiwan ( Chinese : 臺灣 ; pinyin : Táiwān ) , [ II ] officially the Republic of China ( ROC ) , [ I ] is a state in East Asia . Neighbouring states include the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) to the north-west , Japan to the north-east , and the Philippines to the south . The island of Taiwan has an area of 35,808 square kilometres ( 13,826 sq mi ) , with mountain ranges dominating the eastern two-thirds and plains in the western third , where its highly urbanised population is concentrated . Taipei is the capital and largest metropolitan area . Other major cities include Kaohsiung , Taichung , Tainan and Taoyuan . With 23.7 million inhabitants , Taiwan is among the most densely populated states , and is the most populous state and largest economy that is not a member of the United Nations ( UN ) . Taiwanese indigenous peoples settled the island of Taiwan around 6,000 years ago . In the 17th century , Dutch rule opened the island to mass Han immigration . After the brief Kingdom of Tungning in parts of the southern and western areas of the island , the island was annexed in 1683 by the Qing dynasty of China , and ceded to the Empire of Japan in 1895 . Following the surrender of Japan in 1945 , the Republic of China , which had overthrown and succeeded the Qing in 1911 , took control of Taiwan on behalf of the World War II Allies . The resumption of the Chinese Civil War led to the loss of the mainland to the Communist Party of China and the flight of the ROC government to Taiwan in 1949 . Although the ROC government continued to claim to be the legitimate representative of China , since 1950 its effective jurisdiction has been limited to Taiwan and numerous smaller islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ladd's_Castle", "text": "Ladd 's Castle ( also known as Candor Hall ) is a historic building at 1337 Lafayette Avenue in the Colonial Manor section of West Deptford Township , Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States . It was built around 1688 by William Ladd , a surveyor who purportedly helped William Penn to plan out Philadelphia . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Extremist", "text": "The Extremist is the fourth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani , released on July 21 , 1992 through Relativity Records The album is one of Satriani 's most popular releases and his highest-charting to date , reaching No . 22 on the U.S . Billboard 200 and remaining on that chart for 28 weeks , as well as reaching the top 50 in six other countries . Three singles reached Billboard 's Mainstream Rock chart : Summer Song at No . 5 , Friends at No . 12 and Cryin ' at No . 24 . The Extremist was certified Gold on December 22 , 1992. and received a nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1993 Grammy Awards ; this being Satriani 's fourth such nomination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naivasha", "text": "Naivasha is a large town in Nakuru County , Kenya , lying 92.8 km ( 57.7 mi ) by road north west of Nairobi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006–07_Pittsburgh_Penguins_season", "text": "The Pittsburgh Penguins 2006-07 season was ripe with potential , as the team featured one of the largest groups of young stars in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Evgeni Malkin , the second overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft , came to the United States from Russia prior to the season and joined the team . He promptly became the first NHL rookie since 1917 to score goals in each of his first six games . Malkin and second-year phenom Sidney Crosby were joined by 18-year-old Jordan Staal , who made the jump directly from the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) to the Penguins roster after being drafted second overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft . The Penguins also brought back Mark Recchi via free agency , giving Recchi his third stint with the team . The season was clouded with uncertainty , however , about the Penguins ' future in Pittsburgh . After Jim Balsillie had agreed to purchase the franchise for $ 175 million and to keep it in Pittsburgh , the situation seemed settled . Balsillie 's deal fell through , however , in December . Isle of Capri Casinos was next to make a bid to keep the team in Pittsburgh , but their deal was nixed as well . On January 3 , 2007 , Penguins officials , including Mario Lemieux and other members of the team 's ownership group , visited Kansas City , Missouri , to discuss potentials of relocating the team there . Other cities which reportedly have expressed interest in the franchise include Houston , Winnipeg , Portland and Oklahoma City . On March 14 , 2007 , in a joint announcement by Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell , Allegheny County Executive Dan Onorato , Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl and Mario Lemieux , it was made public that an agreement had been reached between the parties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BYU-Idaho", "text": "Brigham Young University-Idaho ( BYU-Idaho or BYU-I ) is a private university located in Rexburg , Idaho . Founded in 1888 , the university is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , transitioned from a junior college to a four-year institution in 2001 , and was known for the greater part of its history as Ricks College . BYU-Idaho offers programs in liberal arts including the sciences , engineering , agriculture , management , and performing arts . The university is broadly organized into thirty-three departments within six colleges , and its parent organization , the Church Educational System ( CES ) , sponsors sister schools in Utah and Hawaii . The university 's focus is on undergraduate education , hosting 26 certificate , 20 associate and over 87 bachelor 's degree programs , and it operates using a three-semester system also known as tracks . Students at BYU-Idaho are required to follow an honor code , which mandates behavior in line with Latter-day Saint teachings ( e.g. , academic honesty , adherence to dress and grooming standards , abstinence from extramarital sex , and from the consumption of drugs and alcohol ) . Approximately 99 percent of the university 's students are members of the LDS Church , and a significant percentage of the student body take an 18- ( women ) or 24-month ( men ) hiatus from their studies to serve as missionaries . Tuition rates are generally lower than those at similar universities , due largely to funding provided by the church from tithing donations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sumburgh_Head", "text": "Sumburgh Head is located at the southern tip of the Shetland Mainland in northern Scotland . The head is a 100m high rocky spur capped by the Sumburgh Head Lighthouse . The Old Norse name was Dunrøstar høfdi , it means The Head onto the loud tide-race , referring to the noise of Sumburgh Roost . The area is an RSPB nature reserve . The cliffs were home to large numbers of seabirds with for example 33,000 puffins in the year 2000 . These numbers have declined sharply with number dropped to 570 in 2017 . This decline also applies to other species . Sumburgh Airport lies immediately to the north of the head , and is Shetland 's main airport . Flights from here connect to mainland Scotland , the Orkney Islands and Norway . Close to the head is the archaeological site of Jarlshof , at which a series of settlements existed dating back to the neolithic period . The tiny settlement of Grutness , which is the terminus of the Shetland Mainland to Fair Isle ferry service , lies one mile ( 2 km ) north of Sumburgh Head . Robert Stevenson was the engineer in charge of building the Sumburgh Head lighthouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Master_of_Arts", "text": "Master of Arts ( Latin : Magister Artium or Artium Magister ; abbreviated M.A . or A.M. ) is a type of master 's degree awarded by universities in many countries . The degree is usually contrasted with the Master of Science . Those admitted to the degree typically study linguistics , history , communication studies , diplomacy , public administration , political science , or other subjects within the scope of the humanities and social sciences ; however , different universities have different conventions and may also offer the degree for fields typically considered within the natural sciences and mathematics . The degree can be conferred in respect of completing courses and passing examinations , research , or a combination of the two . The Master of Arts traces its origin to the teaching license or Licentia docendi of the University of Paris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronald_Curry", "text": "Ronald Antonio Curry ( born May 28 , 1979 ) is a former American football wide receiver and current wide receivers coach with the New Orleans Saints . He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the seventh round of the 2002 NFL Draft after playing college football at North Carolina . Curry was also briefly a member of the Detroit Lions and St. Louis Rams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broughton,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Broughton ( /ˈbrɔːtən/ , BRAW-tən ) is a historic village in North Buckinghamshire that has been a constituent element of Milton Keynes since the latter 's designation in 1967 ; a civil parish ; and modernly a suburb and large new district of the 'city ' . [ a ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kanye_West", "text": "Kanye Omari West ( /ˈkɑːnjeɪ/ ; born June 8 , 1977 ) is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , entrepreneur and fashion designer . West is among the most critically acclaimed musicians of the 21st century , with his music having spanned a broad range of styles , incorporating an eclectic range of influences including hip hop , soul , baroque pop , electro , indie rock , synth-pop , industrial , and gospel . Born in Atlanta and raised in Chicago , West was first known as a producer for Roc-A-Fella Records in the early 2000s , producing singles for artists such as Jay-Z , Ludacris , and Alicia Keys . Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper , West released his debut album The College Dropout in 2004 to critical and commercial success , and founded the record label GOOD Music . He experimented with a variety of musical genres on subsequent acclaimed studio albums , including Late Registration ( 2005 ) , Graduation ( 2007 ) , and the polarizing but influential 808s & Heartbreak ( 2008 ) . His fifth album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ( 2010 ) was the most critically acclaimed album of the 2010s , being hailed by critics as the best album of the decade . He has since succeeded the album with Yeezus ( 2013 ) , The Life of Pablo ( 2016 ) , Ye ( 2018 ) , and the Christian album Jesus Is King ( 2019 ) , as well as the full-length collaborations Watch the Throne ( 2011 ) and Kids See Ghosts ( 2018 ) with Jay-Z and Kid Cudi , respectively . West 's outspoken views and life outside of music have received significant media attention . West is a practicing Christian and his religious views have garnered widespread curiosity . He has been a frequent source of controversy for his conduct at award shows , on social media , and in other public settings , as well as his comments on the music and fashion industries , U.S. politics , and race . His marriage to television personality Kim Kardashian has also been a source of substantial media attention . As a fashion designer , he has collaborated with Nike , Louis Vuitton , and A.P.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Homestead_Grays", "text": "The Homestead Grays ( also known as Washington Grays or Washington Homestead Grays ) were a professional baseball team that played in the Negro leagues in the United States . The team was formed in 1912 by Cumberland Posey , and remained in continuous operation for 38 seasons . The team was originally based in Homestead , Pennsylvania , adjacent to Pittsburgh . By the 1920s , with increasing popularity in the Pittsburgh region , the team retained the name Homestead but crossed the Monongahela River to play all home games in Pittsburgh , at the Pittsburgh Pirates ' home Forbes Field and the Pittsburgh Crawfords ' home Greenlee Field . From 1940 until 1942 , the Grays played half of their home games in Washington , D.C. , while remaining in Pittsburgh for all other home stands . As attendance at their games in the nation 's capital grew , by 1943 , the Grays were playing more than two-thirds of their home games in Washington ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Booth", "text": "James Booth ( born David Geeves ) ; ( 19 December 1927 - 11 August 2005 ) was an English film , stage and television actor and screenwriter . Though considered handsome enough to play leading roles , and versatile enough to play a wide variety of character parts , Booth naturally projected a shifty , wolfish , or unpredictable quality that led inevitably to villainous roles and comedy , usually with a cockney flavour . He is probably best known for his role as Private Henry Hook in Zulu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ostrava,_Czech_Republic", "text": "Ostrava ( , locally : ; , ) is a city in the north-east of the Czech Republic , and the capital of the Moravian-Silesian Region . It is from the border with Poland , at the meeting point of four rivers : the Odra , Opava , Ostravice and Lučina . In terms of both population and area Ostrava is the third largest city in the Czech Republic , the second largest city in Moravia , and the largest city in Czech Silesia . It straddles the border of the two historic provinces of Moravia and Silesia . The population is almost 300,000 people . The wider conurbation - which also includes the towns of Bohumín , Doubrava , Havířov , Karviná , Orlová , Petřvald and Rychvald - is home to about 500,000 people , making it the largest urban area in the Czech Republic apart from the capital , Prague . Ostrava grew in importance due to its position at the heart of a major coalfield , becoming an important industrial centre . It was previously known as the country 's steel heart thanks to its status as a coal-mining and metallurgical centre , but since the Velvet Revolution ( the fall of communism in 1989 ) it has undergone radical and far-reaching changes to its economic base . Industries have been thoroughly restructured , and the last coal was mined in the city in 1994 . However , remnants of the city 's industrial past are visible in the Lower Vítkovice area , a former coal-mining , coke production and ironworks complex in the city centre which retains its historic industrial architecture . Lower Vítkovice has applied for inclusion in the UNESCO World Heritage List . Ostrava is home to various cultural facilities including theatres and galleries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alternative_rock", "text": "Alternative rock ( also called alternative music , alt-rock , alt-pop or simply alternative ) is a term used to categorize rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1970s and became widely popular in the 1980s . In this instance , the word alternative refers to the genre 's distinction from mainstream , or commercial rock or pop music . The term 's original meaning was broader , referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent , DIY ethos of punk rock , which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music . In September of 1988 , Billboard magazine introduced Alternative Songs into their charting system rather than continue incorporating these artists into the existing rock and pop charts . By then alternative had become a catch-all description for both successful artists ( e.g . U2 and R.E.M . ) , as well as music from underground , independent , or non-commercial rock artists that received some level of mainstream recognition . Although the genre evolved in the late 1970s and 1980s , music anticipating the sound of the genre can be found as early as the 1960s , with bands such as the Velvet Underground and artists such as Syd Barrett . Since the early 1990s the term has often been misused to market an artist 's image or music toward consumers seeking to distinguish their tastes from mainstream pop or rock music . Traditionally , alternative rock broadly consisted of music that differed greatly in terms of its sound , social context and regional roots . Throughout the 1980s , magazines and zines , college radio airplay , and word of mouth had increased the prominence and highlighted the diversity of alternative rock , helping to define a number of distinct styles ( and music scenes ) such as noise pop , indie rock , grunge , and shoegaze . Most of these subgenres had achieved minor mainstream notice and a few bands , such as Hüsker Dü and R.E.M. , were signed to major labels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Morley", "text": "Eric Douglas Morley ( 26 September 1918 - 9 November 2000 ) was a British TV host and the founder of the Miss World pageant and Come Dancing TV programme . His widow , Julia Morley , is now head of the pageant and his son Steve Douglas is one of its presenters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dražen_Petrović", "text": "Dražen Petrović ( pronounced [ drǎʒen pětroʋitɕ ] ; 22 October 1964 - 7 June 1993 ) was a Croatian professional basketball player . A shooting guard , he initially achieved success playing professional basketball in Europe in the 1980s , before joining the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) in 1989 . A star on multiple stages , Petrović earned two silver medals and one bronze in Olympic basketball , a gold and a bronze in the FIBA World Cup , a gold and a bronze in the FIBA EuroBasket , and two EuroLeague titles . He represented Yugoslavia 's national team and , later , Croatia 's national team . He earned four Euroscars , and was named Mr. Europa twice . In 1985 , he received the Golden Badge award for best athlete of Yugoslavia . Seeking a bigger arena after his career start in Europe , Petrović joined the NBA in 1989 , as a member of the Portland Trail Blazers . After playing mostly off the bench that year , Petrović experienced a breakthrough following a trade to the New Jersey Nets . While starting for the Nets , he became one of the league 's best shooting guards . Petrović 's career and life were cut short after he died in a car accident at the age of 28 . He received the Olympic Order in 1993 . Petrović is considered the crucial part of the vanguard to the present-day mass influx of European players into the NBA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solent_University", "text": "Solent University ( formerly Southampton Solent University ) is a public university based in Southampton , United Kingdom . It has approximately 11,000 students . Its main campus is located on East Park Terrace near the city centre and the maritime hub of Southampton . Solent University students are represented by Solent Students ' Union , which is based on the East Park Terrace campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dana_Delany", "text": "Dana Welles Delany ( born March 13 , 1956 ) is an American actress , producer , and activist . After appearing in small roles early in her career , Delany received her breakthrough role as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television drama China Beach ( 1988-1991 ) , for which she twice received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 1989 and 1992 . She received further recognition for her appearances in the films Light Sleeper ( 1992 ) , Tombstone ( 1993 ) , Exit to Eden ( 1994 ) , The Margaret Sanger Story ( 1995 ) , Fly Away Home ( 1996 ) , True Women ( 1997 ) , and Wide Awake ( 1998 ) . In the 2000s , Delany appeared in main roles on several short-lived television series , including Pasadena ( 2001 ) , Presidio Med ( 2002-2003 ) , and Kidnapped ( 2006-2007 ) . From 2007 to 2010 , she starred as Katherine Mayfair on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives , for which she received a Prism Award in 2009 . Delany then starred as Megan Hunt on the ABC medical drama Body of Proof ( 2011-2013 ) , and as Crystal Harris on the Amazon drama series Hand of God ( 2014-2017 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hampton_Wick_railway_station", "text": "Hampton Wick railway station is in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , in south-west London , and is in Travelcard Zone 6 . The suburb of Hampton Wick is on the opposite bank of the River Thames from Kingston upon Thames and lies at the eastern end of Hampton Court Park . It is 12 miles 44 chains ( 20.2 km ) down the line from London Waterloo . The station and all trains serving it are operated by South Western Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conspiracy_(2001_film)", "text": "Conspiracy is a 2001 BBC/HBO war film which dramatizes the 1942 Wannsee Conference . Using fictionalised dialogue , the film delves into the psychology of Nazi officials involved in the Final Solution of the Jewish Question during World War II . The movie was written by Loring Mandel , directed by Frank Pierson , and starred an ensemble cast , including Colin Firth , David Threlfall , Kenneth Branagh as Reinhard Heydrich and Stanley Tucci as Adolf Eichmann . Branagh won an Emmy Award for Best Actor , and Tucci was awarded a Golden Globe for his supporting role as Eichmann ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Haynam", "text": "Bruce E. Haynam ( February 26 , 1931 - February 22 , 2015 ) was an American baseball player . He was the captain of the 1952 Michigan Wolverines baseball team . In 1953 , he helped lead the team to the school 's first College World Series championship and was the only player on the team to be selected as a first-team All-American . He was inducted in the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_Clown", "text": "Murder Clown ( born March 1 , 1986 ) is the ring name of a Mexican Luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler currently signed to Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide ( AAA ) . Murder Clown 's ring character is that of a nightmarish clown and he is part of Los Psycho Circus along with Monster Clown and Psycho Clown . Murder Clown 's real name is not a matter of public record , as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Lion_King_(1994_film)", "text": "The Lion King is a 1994 American animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film , and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance . The Lion King was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff , produced by Don Hahn , and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts , and Linda Woolverton . Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice , with a score by Hans Zimmer . The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick , James Earl Jones , Jeremy Irons , Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Moira Kelly , Nathan Lane , Ernie Sabella , Rowan Atkinson , Robert Guillaume , Madge Sinclair , Whoopi Goldberg , Cheech Marin , and Jim Cummings . The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by the Biblical stories of Joseph and Moses , and William Shakespeare 's Hamlet . The Lion King tells the story of Simba ( Swahili for lion ) , a young lion who is to succeed his father , Mufasa , as King of the Pride Lands ; however , after Simba 's paternal uncle Scar murders Mufasa , Simba is manipulated into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile . After growing up in the company of the carefree outcasts Timon and Pumbaa , Simba receives valuable perspective from his childhood friend , Nala , and his shaman , Rafiki , before returning to challenge Scar to end his tyranny and take his place in the Circle of Life as the rightful King . Development of The Lion King began in 1988 during a meeting between Jeffrey Katzenberg , Roy E. Disney , and Peter Schneider while promoting Oliver & Company in Europe . Thomas M. Disch wrote a film treatment , and Woolverton developed the first scripts , while George Scribner was signed on as director , being later joined by Allers . Production began in 1991 concurrently with Pocahontas , which wound up attracting many of Disney 's top animators . Some time after the staff traveled to Hell 's Gate National Park in Kenya to research the film 's setting and animals , Scribner left production , disagreeing with the decision to turn the film into a musical , and was replaced by Minkoff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marian_Farbák", "text": "Marian Farbák ( born 10 February 1983 in Myjava ) is a Slovak football player who is currently playing for TJ Jednota Brestovec in the Slovakian League . He played in the Gambrinus liga in the Czech Republic between 2006 and 2008 . Marian is a product of the TJ Spartak Myjava youth academy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WTXF-TV", "text": "WTXF-TV , virtual channel 29 ( UHF digital channel 31 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation . WTXF-TV 's studios are located on Market Street in Center City , and its transmitter is located on the Roxborough tower farm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cameroon_national_football_team", "text": "The Cameroon national football team , ( French : Équipe nationale du camerounaise de football ) represents Cameroon in men 's international association football and It is controlled by the Fédération Camerounaise de Football and The team has qualified seven times for the FIFA World Cup , more than any other African team ( in 1982 , 1990 , 1994 , 1998 , 2002 , 2010 and 2014 ) . However , the team has only made it once out of the group stage , They were the first African team to reach the quarter-final of the FIFA World Cup in 1990 , losing to England in extra time , They have also won five Africa Cup of Nations and Olympic gold in 2000 , The team represents both FIFA and Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Elías_Aguirre", "text": "Estadio Capitán Remigio Elías Aguirre Romero is a multi-purpose stadium administrated by the governmental Instituto Peruano del Deporte in Chiclayo , Peru . It was built in 1970 named after the 19th century Peruvian sailor Elías Aguirre Romero . Its current spectator capacity is 23,000 ( can be limited to 20,000 for safety reasons ) after the renovations performed for the 2004 Copa América , and had artificial turf installed for the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship . The most recognized club to play at this stadium is Juan Aurich ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norwegian_Getaway", "text": "Norwegian Getaway is a cruise ship of the Norwegian Cruise Line . It was built by Meyer Werft in Papenburg , Germany , and was delivered to its owner on 10 January 2014 . At the time of its christening it was the world 's ninth-largest cruise ship with a passenger capacity of 3,969 and a crew of 1,640 . Amenities on board the ship include restaurants by chef Geoffrey Zakarian , an entertainment venue devoted to magic called the Illusionarium , and another entertainment venue themed in conjunction with the Grammy Awards . The ship is based in Miami and mostly sails seven-night Eastern Caribbean cruises . It was christened in Miami on February 7 , 2014 , with the Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders serving as godmothers . The ship departed on its maiden voyage the next day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warren-Prentis_Historic_District", "text": "The Warren-Prentis Historic District is a historic district in Detroit , Michigan , including the east-west streets of Prentis , Forest , Hancock , and the south side of Warren , running from Woodward Avenue on the east to Third Avenue on the west . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 . The district includes residential , commercial , institutional , religious and other buildings , and the majority of the pre-1930s building stock remains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maddy_Ferguson", "text": "Madeleine Maddy Ferguson is a fictional character in the Twin Peaks franchise . She was created by the series creators David Lynch and Mark Frost and portrayed by Sheryl Lee . Introduced in the fourth episode of the first season , Maddy is Laura Palmer 's cousin who comes to Twin Peaks to help her aunt and uncle cope with the death of their daughter . Over the course of the series , Maddy forms a close friendship with Donna Hayward and James Hurley , Laura 's closest friends , and assists them in their investigation into her death . Originally , she was not intended to be a part of the series but was created by David Lynch so that Lee could have a larger role in the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russo_brothers", "text": "Anthony Russo ( born February 3 , 1970 ) and Joseph Russo ( born July 18 , 1971 ) , collectively known as the Russo Brothers ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈrusso ] ) , are American film and television directors . The brothers direct most of their work together and occasionally work as producers , screenwriters , actors , and editors . The Russo brothers are best known for directing four installments in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , Captain America : The Winter Soldier ( 2014 ) , Captain America : Civil War ( 2016 ) , Avengers : Infinity War ( 2018 ) , and Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) . Among these , Endgame grossed over $ 2.798 billion worldwide , thus becoming the highest-grossing film of all time . Apart from their MCU work , the brothers are also known for their work on the comedy series Arrested Development , for which they won an Emmy Award , and Community ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Net_worth", "text": "Net worth is the value of all the non-financial and financial assets owned by an institutional unit or sector minus the value of all its outstanding liabilities . Since financial assets minus outstanding liabilities equal net financial assets , net worth can also be conveniently expressed as non-financial assets plus net financial assets . Net worth can apply to companies , individuals , governments or economic sectors such as the sector of financial corporations or to entire countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazilian_Social_Democracy_Party", "text": "The Brazilian Social Democracy Party ( Portuguese : Partido da Social Democracia Brasileira , PSDB ) , also known as the Brazilian Social Democratic Party or the Party of Brazilian Social Democracy , is a centrist political party in Brazil . As the third largest party in the National Congress , the PSDB was the main opposition party against the left-wing Workers ' Party ( PT ) administrations of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff from 2003 to 2016 . Born together as part of the social democratic opposition to the military dictatorship from the late 1970s through the 1980s , the PSDB and the PT have since the mid-1990s been the bitterest of rivals in current Brazilian politics - both parties prohibit any kind of coalition or official cooperation with each other at any government levels . Its mascot is a blue and yellow colored toucan , with party members being called tucanos for this reason . Famous tucanos include Mário Covas , Geraldo Alckmin , Tasso Jereissati , Aécio Neves , former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Franco Montoro , Aloysio Nunes , Yeda Crusius , João Doria and José Serra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NTT_DoCoMo", "text": "NTT Docomo Inc. is the predominant mobile phone operator in Japan . The name is officially an abbreviation of the phrase , do communications over the mobile network , and is also from a compound word dokomo , meaning everywhere in Japanese . Docomo provides phone , video phone ( FOMA and Some PHS ) , i-mode ( internet ) , and mail ( i-mode mail , Short Mail , and SMS ) services . The company 's headquarters are in the Sanno Park Tower , Nagatachō , Chiyoda , Tokyo . Docomo was spun off from Nippon Telegraph and Telephone ( NTT ) in August 1991 to take over the mobile cellular operations . It provides 2G ( mova ) PDC cellular services , 3G ( FOMA ) W-CDMA services and 4G LTE services . Its businesses also included PHS ( Paldio ) , paging , and satellite . Docomo ceased offering a PHS service on January 7 , 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bracknell_Forest", "text": "Bracknell Forest is one of six unitary authority areas within Berkshire in southern England . It covers the three towns of Bracknell , Sandhurst and Crowthorne and also includes the areas of North Ascot , Warfield and Winkfield . Parts of the borough border neighbouring boroughs such as Wokingham Borough Council and the Royal Borough of Windsor & Maidenhead . The south of the borough also borders parts of Surrey and Hampshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/86th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 86th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2013 and took place on March 2 , 2014 , at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . The ceremony was scheduled well after its usual late-February date to avoid conflicting with the 2014 Winter Olympics . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Neil Meron and Craig Zadan and directed by Hamish Hamilton . Actress Ellen DeGeneres hosted the show for the second time , having previously hosted the 79th ceremony held in 2007 . In related events , the Academy held its 5th annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 16 , 2013 . On February 15 , 2014 , in a ceremony at The Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by hosts Kristen Bell and Michael B. Jordan . 12 Years a Slave won three awards including Best Picture . Gravity won the most awards with seven including Best Director for Alfonso Cuarón . Other winners included Dallas Buyers Club also with three awards , Frozen , and The Great Gatsby with two , and Blue Jasmine , The Great Beauty , Helium , Her , The Lady in Number 6 , Mr Hublot , and 20 Feet from Stardom with one . The telecast garnered nearly 44 million viewers in the United States , making it the most watched Oscar ceremony since the 72nd Academy Awards in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tudor_Revival_architecture", "text": "Tudor Revival architecture ( also known as mock Tudor in the UK ) first manifested itself in domestic architecture in the United Kingdom in the latter half of the 19th century . Based on revival of aspects that were perceived as Tudor architecture , in reality it usually took the style of English vernacular architecture of the Middle Ages that had survived into the Tudor period . The style later became an influence elsewhere , especially the British colonies . For example , in New Zealand , the architect Francis Petre adapted the style for the local climate . In Singapore , then a British colony , architects such as R. A. J. Bidwell pioneered what became known as the Black and White House . The earliest examples of the style originate with the works of such eminent architects as Norman Shaw and George Devey , in what at the time was thought Neo-Tudor design . Tudorbethan is a subset of Tudor Revival architecture that eliminated some of the more complex aspects of Jacobethan in favor of more domestic styles of Merrie England , which were cosier and quaint . It was associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_4", "text": "The PlayStation 4 ( officially abbreviated as PS4 ) is an eighth-generation home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment . Announced as the successor to the PlayStation 3 in February 2013 , it was launched on November 15 in North America , November 29 in Europe , South America and Australia , and on February 22 , 2014 , in Japan . It competes with Microsoft 's Xbox One and Nintendo 's Wii U and Switch . Moving away from the more complex Cell microarchitecture of its predecessor , the console features an AMD Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) built upon the x86-64 architecture , which can theoretically peak at 1.84 teraflops ; AMD stated that it was the most powerful APU it had developed to date . The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices ( Remote Play ) , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely ( Share Play ) . The console 's controller was also redesigned and improved over the PlayStation 3 , with improved buttons and analog sticks , and an integrated touchpad among other changes . The console also supports HDR10 High-dynamic-range video and playback of 4K resolution multimedia . The PlayStation 4 was released to critical acclaim , with critics praising Sony for acknowledging its consumers ' needs , embracing independent game development , and for not imposing the restrictive digital rights management schemes like those originally announced by Microsoft for the Xbox One . Critics and third-party studios also praised the capabilities of the PlayStation 4 in comparison to its competitors ; developers described the performance difference between the console and Xbox One as significant and obvious . Heightened demand also helped Sony top global console sales . By the end of September 2019 , over 102 million PlayStation 4 consoles had been shipped worldwide , surpassing lifetime sales of the PlayStation 3 . On September 7 , 2016 , Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4 Slim , a smaller version of the console ; and a high-end version called the PlayStation 4 Pro , which features an upgraded GPU and a higher CPU clock rate to support enhanced performance and 4K resolution in supported games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doniphan,_Missouri", "text": "Doniphan is a city in Ripley County , Missouri , United States . The population was 1,997 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Ripley County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WWIO-FM", "text": "WSVH FM 91.1 is a 96,000-watt public radio station broadcasting from Savannah , Georgia , and transmitting from the WVAN-TV 9 ( GPB TV ) tower to the west in Pembroke , Georgia , north of Fort Stewart . It serves the upper Georgia coast and areas well inland , and adjacent areas of far southern South Carolina . The station 's signal is simulcast by GPB-owned WWIO-FM 88.9 in Brunswick , Georgia . Together , the two stations serve the entire Georgia coastline . Their signals can be heard from Beaufort , South Carolina to Fernandina Beach , Florida . The station group is an affiliate of the statewide Georgia Public Broadcasting radio network . WSVH is one of two member stations of the GPB Radio network to have local announcers and underwriting during the day . WSVH produces four radio programs for the GPB network : Celtic program The Green Island Radio Show with Harry O'Donoghue , folk show Music Americana with Russell Wells , Classical Tonight , also hosted by Russell Wells , and the overnight classical block Coastal Nocturne . The station began broadcasting on April 20 , 1981 , with the first song played on the station at 6 a.m. being Aaron Copland 's Fanfare for the Common Man . The station was independently operated until 1988 when it joined the statewide public radio network , then named Peach State Public Radio . In the early 1990s , the listening area was greatly improved with the addition of WWIO in extreme southeast Georgia ; an overnight classical music format was also added . In 1997 , the station moved its studio from downtown Savannah to the Skidaway Institute of Oceanography on Skidaway Island , just south of Savannah ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tang_Dynasty", "text": "The Tang dynasty ( /tɑːŋ/ ; Chinese : 唐朝 [ a ] ) or the Tang Empire was an imperial dynasty of China that ruled from 618 to 907 , with an interregnum between 690 and 705 . It was preceded by the Sui dynasty and followed by the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in Chinese history . Historians generally regard the Tang as a high point in Chinese civilization , and a golden age of cosmopolitan culture . Tang territory , acquired through the military campaigns of its early rulers , rivaled that of the Han dynasty . The Tang capital at Chang'an ( present-day Xi'an ) was the most populous city in the world in its day . The Lǐ family ( 李 ) founded the dynasty , seizing power during the decline and collapse of the Sui Empire . The dynasty was interrupted for 15 years when Empress Wu Zetian seized the throne , proclaiming the Wu Zhou dynasty and becoming the only legitimate Chinese empress regnant . In two censuses of the 7th and 8th centuries , the Tang records estimated the population by number of registered households at about 50 million people . Yet , even when the central government was breaking down and unable to compile an accurate census of the population in the 9th century , it is estimated that the population had grown by then to about 80 million people . [ b ] With its large population base , the dynasty was able to raise professional and conscripted armies of hundreds of thousands of troops to contend with nomadic powers in dominating Inner Asia and the lucrative trade-routes along the Silk Road . Various kingdoms and states paid tribute to the Tang court , while the Tang also conquered or subdued several regions which it indirectly controlled through a protectorate system . Besides political hegemony , the Tang also exerted a powerful cultural influence over neighboring East Asian states such as those in Japan and Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meathop_and_Ulpha", "text": "Meathop and Ulpha is a former civil parish , now in the parish of Witherslack , Meathop and Ulpha , in the South Lakeland district of the English county of Cumbria . Historically in Westmorland , it is located 3.6 miles ( 5.8 km ) north east of Grange over Sands , 10.6 miles ( 17.1 km ) south west of Kendal and 64.0 miles ( 103.0 km ) south of Carlisle , between the confluence of the River Kent estuary and the River Winster . In 2001 it had a population of 143 , increasing slightly to 154 at the Census 2011 . There were two Sites of Special Scientific Interest in the parish :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1980_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's downhill competition of the Lake Placid 1980 Olympics was held at Whiteface Mountain on Sunday , February 17 . The defending world champion was Annemarie Moser-Pröll of Austria , who was also the defending World Cup downhill champion , while Switzerland 's Marie-Theres Nadig led the current season . Defending Olympic champion Rosi Mittermaier retired four years earlier . Moser-Pröll won the gold , Hanni Wenzel of Liechtenstein took the silver , and Nadig was the bronze medalist . The course started at an elevation of 1,181 m ( 3,875 ft ) above sea level with a vertical drop of 700 m ( 2,297 ft ) and a length of 2.698 km ( 1.68 mi ) . Moser-Pröll 's winning time was 97.52 seconds , yielding an average speed of 99.598 km/h ( 61.9 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 7.178 m/s ( 23.5 ft/s ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottish_Lowlands", "text": "The Lowlands ( Scots : the Lallans or the Lawlands ; Scottish Gaelic : a ' Ghalldachd , the place of the foreigner ) are a cultural and historic region of Scotland . The Lowlands is not an official geographical or administrative area of the country . There are two main topographic regions : the Lowlands and the Southern Uplands . The term Lowlands mainly refers to the Central Lowlands . However , in normal usage it refers to those parts of Scotland not in the Highlands ( or Gàidhealtachd ) . [ citation needed ] The boundary is usually considered to be a line between Stonehaven and Helensburgh ( on the Firth of Clyde ) . The Lowlands lie south and east of the line . Note that some parts of the Lowlands ( such as the Southern Uplands ) are not physically low , Merrick for example reaching 2,766 feet , while some areas indisputably in the Highlands ( such as Islay ) are low-lying . For other purposes , the boundary varies ; but if the Boundary Fault is used , then the traditional Scottish counties entirely in the Lowlands are : Ayrshire , Berwickshire , Clackmannanshire , Dumfriesshire , East Lothian , Fife , Kinross-shire , Kirkcudbrightshire , Lanarkshire , Midlothian , Peeblesshire , Renfrewshire , Roxburghshire , Selkirkshire , West Lothian and Wigtownshire . Traditional Scottish counties which straddle the Boundary fault include Angus , Dunbartonshire , Stirlingshire , Perthshire , Kincardineshire , Aberdeenshire , Banffshire and Moray . Geographically , Scotland is divided into three distinct areas : the Highlands , the Central plain ( Central Belt , in the Central Lowlands ) , and the Southern Uplands . The Lowlands cover roughly the latter two ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simenti_Airport", "text": "Simenti Airport ( IATA : SMY , ICAO : GOTS ) is an airport serving Simenti in Senegal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Lady_Writing_a_Letter", "text": "A Lady Writing a Letter ( also known as A Lady Writing ; Dutch : Schrijvend meisje ) is an oil painting attributed to 17th century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer . It is believed to have been completed around 1665 . The Lady is seen to be writing a letter and has been interrupted , so gently turns her head to see what is happening . She wears twelve pearls ( 10 on the necklace and two earrings ) . Many of the objects seen in the painting , such as the woman 's coat , the cloth on the table , and the string of pearls , also appear in other Vermeer works . This has led to speculation that he or his family members owned the objects , and even that the subjects of the paintings are his relatives . It has often been suggested that in his paintings , Vermeer sought to grant to his models that which he could not endow to his wife and family : calm and affluence . A Lady Writing a Letter was donated to the National Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. in 1962 by Harry Waldron Havemeyer and Horace Havemeyer . In its first loan to the Norton Simon Museum , the National Gallery of Art agreed to lend the painting for exhibition at the Pasadena , California museum from November 7 , 2008 through February 9 , 2009 . In Blue Balliett 's 2004 children 's book , Chasing Vermeer , A Lady Writing is stolen on its way from the National Gallery of Art to Chicago , causing the main conflict of the story ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wedderburn,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Wedderburn is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Wedderburn is located 57 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City of Campbelltown and is part of the Macarthur region . Wedderburn is the only Campbelltown suburb on the right bank of the Georges River . The steep gorge and heavy bush , gives it a small country town atmosphere , rather than a suburb . The causeway on Wedderburn Road , which provides the main link to Campbelltown , is known to flood during heavy rain , increasing Wedderburn 's isolation . A small airport , Wedderburn Airport operated by the New South Wales Sports Aircraft Club is located to the south of the suburb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turville_Heath", "text": "Turville is a village and civil parish in Buckinghamshire , England . It is in the Chiltern Hills , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) west of High Wycombe and 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Henley-on-Thames . The name is Anglo-Saxon in origin and means 'dry field ' . It was recorded in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle in 796 as Thyrefeld . The manor of Turville once belonged to the abbey at St Albans , but was seized by the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1547 . The manor house has since been rebuilt as Turville Park . The present incumbent of the manor is Lord Sainsbury . Turville was home to Ellen Sadler , who fell asleep in 1871 , aged eleven , and purportedly did not wake for nine years , becoming known as the Sleeping Girl of Turville . The case attracted international attention from newspapers , medical professionals and the public . Rumours persist in the region that Sadler was visited by royalty for a laying on of hands . The local pub is the Bull and Butcher . Turville Hill is a Site of Special Scientific Importance , and it includes Cobstone Windmill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Schweingruber", "text": "Sam Schweingruber is a Swiss football coach . He was the first manager of the Cambodia women 's national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eugene_Miller_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Eugene Miller is a former member of Cleveland City Council and a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 10th District from 2007 to 2009 . He has represented Cleveland 's Ward 10 since May 2009 , when he was appointed to complete the unexpired term of Councilman Roosevelt Coats . He won an election for the seat in November 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lugano", "text": "Lugano ( /luːˈɡɑːnoʊ/ , also UK : /lʊˈ-/ , Italian : [ luˈɡaːno ] ; Ticinese : Lugan [ lyˈɡãː ] ) is a town and a municipality in southern Switzerland in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino bordering Italy . It has a population ( as of December 2018 [ update ] ) of 63,185 , and an urban agglomeration of over 145,000 . The ninth largest Swiss town , it is the largest in Ticino and largest with an Italian speaking majority outside of Italy . The town lies on Lake Lugano , surrounded by the mountains of the Lugano Prealps . The eastern part of the municipality shares a border with Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kattegat", "text": "The Kattegat ( /ˈkætɪɡæt/ , Danish : [ ˈkʰætəkæt ] ; Swedish : Kattegatt [ ˈkâtːɛˌɡat ] ) is a 30,000 km2 ( 12,000 sq mi ) sea area bounded by the Jutlandic peninsula in the west , the Danish Straits islands of Denmark to the south and the provinces of Västergötland , Scania , Halland and Bohuslän in Sweden in the east . The Baltic Sea drains into the Kattegat through the Danish Straits . The sea area is a continuation of the Skagerrak and may be seen as a bay of the Baltic Sea or the North Sea or , as in traditional Scandinavian usage , neither of these . The Kattegat is a rather shallow sea and can be very difficult and dangerous to navigate because of the many sandy and stony reefs and tricky currents , which often shift . In modern times , artificial seabed channels have been dug , many reefs have been dredged by either sand pumping or stone fishing , and a well-developed light signaling network has been installed , to safeguard the very heavy international traffic of this small sea . There are several large cities and major ports in the Kattegat , including Gothenburg , Aarhus , Aalborg , Halmstad and Frederikshavn , mentioned by descending size ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohammad_Ali_Khojastehpour", "text": "Mohamed Ali Khojastehpour Birang ( 1 July 1931 - 2007 ) was an Iranian flyweight freestyle wrestler . He won a silver medal at the 1956 Olympics and placed fourth at the 1959 World Championships . Khojastehpour was born in a family of eight siblings and took up wrestling aged 14 . After retiring from competitions he worked as a national wrestling coach . He died from a heart-related disease ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rob_Mariano", "text": "Robert Carlo Mariano ( born December 25 , 1975 ) , known by the nickname Boston Rob , is an American television personality , widely known for appearing in the CBS reality shows , Survivor and The Amazing Race ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newkirk_House", "text": "The Newkirk House , also known as the Summit House , located at 510 Summit Avenue is the oldest surviving structure in Jersey City , New Jersey . The two-story Dutch Colonial building , composed of sandstone , brick , and clapboard dates to 1690 . Originally one story , the outer walls are two feet of stone fitted in lime and mortar . Beams of timber in the basement are six-by-twelve inches and those on the second floor are four-by-six inches spaced four-feet apart . Eight-inch wood pegs , rather than nails , were employed during the time of construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Central Milton Keynes is the central business district of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England and a civil parish in its own right , with a town council . The district is approximately 3.5 km ( 2.2 mi ) long by 1 km ( 0.6 mi ) wide and occupies some of the highest land in Milton Keynes . It contains ( behind the Central Library ) the historic site of the moot hill for Secklow ( or Sigelai ) Hundred . It is the site of the central retail , business , law enforcement and governmental districts , Milton Keynes Central railway station and around 2,000 residential dwellings . This area is known locally as the city centre . [ a ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kazakhstan", "text": "Kazakhstan , [ b ] officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , [ c ] is a transcontinental country largely located in Central Asia with the most western parts of it being located in Eastern Europe . It is the world 's largest landlocked country , and the ninth largest country in the world , with an area of 2,724,900 square kilometres ( 1,052,100 sq mi ) . Kazakhstan is the most dominant nation of Central Asia economically , generating 60% of the region 's GDP , primarily through its oil and gas industry . It also has vast mineral resources . Kazakhstan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage . Kazakhstan shares borders with Russia , China , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , and Turkmenistan , and also adjoins a large part of the Caspian Sea . The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands , steppe , taiga , rock canyons , hills , deltas , snow-capped mountains , and deserts . Kazakhstan has an estimated 18.3 million people as of 2018 [ update ] . Its population density is among the lowest , at less than 6 people per square kilometre ( 15 people per sq mi ) . Since 1997 and independence , the capital is Nur-Sultan , formerly known as Astana . It was moved from Almaty , the country 's largest city . The territory of Kazakhstan has historically been inhabited by nomadic groups and empires ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Dragon_(2002_film)", "text": "Red Dragon is a 2002 psychological horror film based on the novel of the same name by Thomas Harris . Anthony Hopkins stars as psychiatrist and serial killer , Dr. Hannibal Lecter . It is a prequel to The Silence of the Lambs ( 1991 ) and Hannibal ( 2001 ) . The novel was originally adapted into the film Manhunter ( 1986 ) . The film was directed by Brett Ratner and written for the screen by Ted Tally , who also wrote the screenplay for The Silence of the Lambs . Hopkins reprises Lecter , a role he played twice before in The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal , and Edward Norton as FBI agent Will Graham . The film also stars Ralph Fiennes , Harvey Keitel , Emily Watson , Mary-Louise Parker , and Philip Seymour Hoffman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parker_Homestead", "text": "The Parker Homestead is a historic home and grounds in Little Silver , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , located at 235 Rumson Road near Sickles Park . The main house was originally built circa 1720 , and includes materials from an earlier structure ( c. 1667 ) the early and late 19th century , and the 1910s and 1920s . It is one of the oldest extant buildings in the state . The farmstead which also includes also three outlying barns were listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places . in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hong_Kong_station", "text": "Hong Kong ( Chinese : 香港 ; Cantonese Yale : Hēunggóng ) is a station of the MTR metro system in Hong Kong . It is the eastern terminus of the Tung Chung Line and Airport Express . It is situated between Man Cheung Street and Harbour View Street , Central , Hong Kong Island , and sits underneath the International Finance Centre ( IFC ) . It opened in 1998 . The station is connected to Central Station by a pedestrian subway . The walk between the two stations typically takes three to six minutes . The tunnels , which cross under Connaught Road Central , are equipped with moving walkways . Hong Kong Station provides an in-town check-in service for flights departing Hong Kong International Airport and free shuttle bus services to most major hotels in the Central and Wan Chai areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jodi_Benson", "text": "Jodi Benson ( born Jodi Marie Marzorati ; October 10 , 1961 ) is an American actress , voice actress and singer . She is best known for providing both the speaking and the singing voice of Disney 's Princess Ariel in The Little Mermaid and its sequel , prequel , and television series spinoff . Benson voiced the character Barbie in the 1999 Golden Globe-winning movie Toy Story 2 and its 2010 Academy Award-winning sequel Toy Story 3 . She also voiced Barbie in the Toy Story cartoon Hawaiian Vacation . For her contributions to the Disney company , Benson was named a Disney Legend in 2011 . She also gave voice to the spirited Weebo in Disney 's live action Flubber , starring Robin Williams . For Warner Bros. , she created the voice of Thumbelina in 1994 , a Don Bluth animated feature film with songs by Barry Manilow . Her other projects include Tinkerbell : Secret of the Wings , The Little Mermaid : Ariel 's Beginning , The Little Mermaid II : Return to the Sea , Lady and the Tramp II : Scamp 's Adventure , 101 Dalmatians II : Patch 's London Adventure , Balto II : Wolf Quest , and Balto III : Wings of Change . She appeared as Patrick Dempseys assistant Sam , in Disneys live-action feature film Enchanted . While being a Disney Legend , she also voiced Jane Doe and Patsy Smiles in Cartoon Network 's Camp Lazlo . She also voiced the character Tula in Fox 's animated series The Pirates of Dark Water ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Syahid_Zaidon", "text": "Muhammad Syahid bin Zaidon ( born 12 August 1990 in Bentong , Pahang ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for PDRM in Malaysia Premier League as a central midfielder . In 2014 , Syahid has agreed terms with Felda United after have been released from the Harimau Muda squad as he is overaged ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bell_Media_Radio", "text": "Bell Media Radio , G.P . ( doing business as Bell Media Radio and branding itself as iHeartRadio Canada in its mobile apps and on its websites ; formerly known as CHUM Radio ) is the radio broadcasting and music events subsidiary of Canadian media conglomerate of Bell Media . The company has its origins in CHUM Limited , which was acquired by its predecessor CTVglobemedia in 2006 . Through subsequent acquisitions , it also subsumed the radio properties of Astral Media in 2013 . In 2016 , Bell Media reached a deal with U.S. radio conglomorate iHeartMedia to operate a localized version of its internet radio platform iHeartRadio , and organize live events in Canada under iHeartMedia brands such as the Jingle Ball . Bell Media currently owns over 100 radio stations across Canada , including most of Canada 's largest radio markets . The company 's programming is also distributed to other stations across Canada via its syndication division Orbyt Media , and it is also the local licencee of the Virgin Radio brand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horizon_League", "text": "The Horizon League is a 10-school collegiate athletic conference in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I , whose members are located in and near the Midwestern United States . The Horizon League was founded in 1979 as the Midwestern City Conference . In 1985 , the conference changed its name to Midwestern Collegiate Conference and then the Horizon League in 2001 . The conference started with a membership of six teams and has fluctuated in size with 24 different schools as members at different times . Currently , the League has 10 members , following Valparaiso leaving to join the Missouri Valley Conference and IUPUI joining the league on July 1 , 2017 . The conference 's next membership change will occur on July 1 , 2020 with the arrival of Purdue University Fort Wayne ( PFW ) . The Horizon League does not sponsor football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hampshire", "text": "Hampshire ( /ˈhæmpʃər/ , /-ʃɪər/ ( listen ) ; postal abbreviation Hants . ) [ note 1 ] is a county in southern England . The county town is the city of Winchester . Its two largest cities , Southampton and Portsmouth , are administered separately as unitary authorities ; the rest of the county is governed by Hampshire County Council . First settled about 14,000 years ago , Hampshire 's history dates to Roman Britain , when its chief town was Winchester . When the Romans left Britain , the area was infiltrated by tribes from Scandinavia and mainland Europe , principally in the river valleys . The county was recorded in the 11th century Domesday Book , divided into 44 hundreds . From the 12th century , the ports grew in importance , fuelled by trade with the continent , wool and cloth manufacture in the county , and the fishing industry , and a shipbuilding industry was established . By the 16th century , the population of Southampton had outstripped that of Winchester . By the mid-19th century , with the county 's population at 219,210 ( double that at the beginning of the century ) in more than 86,000 dwellings , agriculture was the principal industry and 10 per cent of the county was still forest . Hampshire played a crucial military role in both World Wars . The Isle of Wight , historically part of Hampshire , became a separate ceremonial county in 1974 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_P._Conway", "text": "James P. Conway ( August 4 , 1910 - May 31 , 1984 ) was an American Hall of Fame trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing who trained forty-three stakes winners including five Champions and a winner of two American Classic Races . Before becoming a professional trainer in 1946 , Conway worked at various racetrack jobs . His first major client was Dallas , Texas hotel owner Ben Whitaker for whom Jimmy Conway conditioned the 1948 and 1953 American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly , Miss Request and Grecian Queen . Whitaker died in April 1954 , and Conway 's next Champion was with another filly named Pucker Up . Owned by Ada L. Rice , Pucker Up was the 1957 American Champion Older Female Horse . From 1962 to 1966 Jimmy Conway trained for John Galbreath 's Darby Dan Farm with whom he would enjoy his greatest success . In his first year with Darby Dan , Conway conditioned the filly Primonetta to 1962 American Champion Older Female Horse honors then the following year won two of the U.S . Triple Crown races with Chateaugay . The colt won the 1963 Kentucky Derby at 1¼ miles , finished second to Candy Spots in the 1³/16 mile Preakness Stakes , then won the 1½ mile Belmont Stakes . Chateaugay would be Conway 's fifth Champion , voted 1963 American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse . Besides his 1963 win in the Kentucky Derby , Conway had four other horses who ran in the prestigious race : 1948 ( 3rd ) , 1957 ( 6th ) , 1968 ( 2nd ) , 1970 ( 12th ) . After leaving the Darby Dan stable , in 1967 Conway returned to operating a public stable , training horses for notable owners such as Maxwell Gluck 's Elmendorf Farm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KNMI_(institute)", "text": "The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute ( Dutch : Koninklijk Nederlands Meteorologisch Instituut or KNMI , pronounced [ ˈkoːnɪŋklək ˈneːdərˌlɑnts ˌmeteoroˈloːɣis ˌɪnstiˈtyt ] ) is the Dutch national weather forecasting service , which has its headquarters in De Bilt , in the province of Utrecht , Netherlands . The primary tasks of KNMI are weather forecasting , monitoring of climate changes and monitoring seismic activity . KNMI is also the national research and information centre for climate , climate change and seismology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/168_Film_Festival", "text": "The 168 Film Project is a Christian film festival . The contest starts with the random assignment of verses based on a theme from the scriptures . Writing and preproduction is the next phase , followed by exactly one week ( 168 hours ) to shoot and edit a finished film . If the film is on time and at or under the required total run time , then it is eligible for awards . Worldwide , over 750 short films have been produced for the competition from 2003 to 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dream-Quest_of_Vellitt_Boe", "text": "The Dream-Quest of Vellitt Boe is a 2016 fantasy novella by American writer Kij Johnson , revisiting H. P. Lovecraft 's The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath from the viewpoint of a woman . It was first published in trade paperback and ebook format by Tor.com ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clapton-in-Gordano", "text": "Clapton in Gordano is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England . It is situated within the Unitary authority of North Somerset on the southern side of the Gordano Valley , immediately adjacent to the M5 motorway . The parish has a population of 348 . There is a village football club , Clapton in Gordano FC . They currently run two sides with a view to continue progressing throughout the leagues . Their home ground is currently Clapton Lane , Portishead ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint-Étienne", "text": "Saint-Étienne ( French : [ sɛ̃t‿etjɛn ] ; Arpitan : Sant-Etiève ; English : Saint Stephen ) is a city in eastern central France , in the Massif Central , 55 km ( 34 mi ) southwest of Lyon in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region , on the trunk road that connects Toulouse with Lyon . Saint-Étienne is the capital of the Loire department and has a population of approximately 172,023 ( 2013 ) in the city itself and over 508,000 in the metropolitan area ( 2011 ) . In the last years Saint-Étienne made important transformations for transitioning from a 19th century industrial city to the 21st century European capital of design . This approach led to important urban renovations of the main districts of the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Orleans,_Louisiana", "text": "New Orleans ( /ˈɔːrl ( i ) ənz , ɔːrˈliːnz/ , locally /ˈɔːrlənz/ ; French : La Nouvelle-Orléans [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ] ( listen ) ) is a consolidated city-parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Louisiana . With an estimated population of 391,006 in 2018 , it is the most populous city in Louisiana . Serving as a major port , New Orleans is considered an economic and commercial hub for the broader Gulf Coast region of the United States . New Orleans is world-renowned for its distinct music , Creole cuisine , unique dialect , and its annual celebrations and festivals , most notably Mardi Gras . The historic heart of the city is the French Quarter , known for its French and Spanish Creole architecture and vibrant nightlife along Bourbon Street . The city has been described as the most unique in the United States , owing in large part to its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage . Founded in 1718 by French colonists , New Orleans was once the territorial capital of French Louisiana before being traded to the United States in the Louisiana Purchase of 1803 . New Orleans in 1840 was the third-most populous city in the United States , and it was the largest city in the American South from the Antebellum era until after World War II . The city has historically been very vulnerable to flooding , due to such factors as high rainfall , low lying elevation , poor natural drainage and location next to multiple bodies of water . State and federal authorities have installed a complex system of levees and drainage pumps in an effort to protect the city . New Orleans was severely affected by Hurricane Katrina on August 29 , 2005 , which resulted in flooding more than 80% of the city , thousands of deaths , and so much displacement because of damaged communities and lost housing as to cause a population decline of over 50% . Since Katrina , major redevelopment efforts have led to a rebound in the city 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tianjin", "text": "Tianjin ( [ tʰjɛ́n.tɕín ] ( listen ) ) , alternatively romanized as Tientsin , is a municipality and a coastal metropolis in Northern China on the shore of the Bohai Sea . It is one of the nine national central cities in Mainland China , with a total population estimated at 15,621,200 in 2016 . Its built-up ( or metro ) area , made up of 12 central districts ( all but Baodi , Jizhou , Jinghai and Ninghe ) , was home to 12,491,300 inhabitants in 2016 and is also the world 's 29th-largest agglomeration ( between Chengdu and Rio de Janeiro ) and 11th-most populous city proper . It is governed as one of the four municipalities under the direct administration of central government of the PRC and is thus under direct administration of the central government . Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality , bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea . Part of the Bohai Economic Rim , it is the largest coastal city in northern China . In terms of urban population , Tianjin is the fourth largest in China , after Shanghai , Beijing , and Guangzhou . In terms of administrative area population , Tianjin ranks fifth in Mainland China . The walled city of Tianjin was built in 1404 . As a treaty port since 1860 , Tianjin has been a major seaport and gateway to Beijing . During the Boxer Rebellion the city was the seat of the Tianjin Provisional Government . Under the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China , Tianjin became one of the largest cities in the region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Our_Own", "text": "Our Own ( Russian : Свои , romanized : Svoi ) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Dmitri Meskhiyev ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ross_School_of_Business", "text": "The Stephen M. Ross School of Business ( Ross ) is a business school operated by the University of Michigan . It offers bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees , as well as an executive education program . Its Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) , Master of Business Administration"}
{"title": "/wiki/Skye", "text": "The Isle of Skye , commonly known as Skye ( /skaɪ/ ; Scottish Gaelic : An t-Eilean Sgitheanach or Eilean a ' Cheò ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . [ Note 1 ] The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillin , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic Sgitheanach describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins . The island has been occupied since the Mesolithic period , and its history includes a time of Norse rule and a long period of domination by Clan MacLeod and Clan Donald . The 18th century Jacobite risings led to the breaking up of the clan system and subsequent Clearances that replaced entire communities with sheep farms , some of which also involved forced emigrations to distant lands . Resident numbers declined from over 20,000 in the early 19th century to just under 9,000 by the closing decade of the 20th century . Skye 's population increased by 4 per cent between 1991 and 2001 . About a third of the residents were Gaelic speakers in 2001 , and although their numbers are in decline , this aspect of island culture remains important . The main industries are tourism , agriculture , fishing and forestry . Skye is part of the Highland Council local government area . The island 's largest settlement is Portree , which is also its capital , known for its picturesque harbour . There are links to various nearby islands by ferry and , since 1995 , to the mainland by a road bridge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Francisco_Ramos", "text": "Francisco 'Chico ' Augusto Neto Ramos ( born 10 April 1995 ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D . Santa Clara on loan from Vitória S.C. as a midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Durango-Silverton_Narrow-Gauge_Railroad", "text": "The Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad , often abbreviated as the D & SNG , is a 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow-gauge heritage railroad that operates 45.2 miles ( 72.7 km ) of track between Durango and Silverton , in the U.S. state of Colorado . The railway is a federally designated National Historic Landmark and is also designated by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark . The route was originally opened in 1882 by the Denver & Rio Grande Railroad ( D & RG ) to transport silver and gold ore mined from the San Juan Mountains . The line was an extension of the D & RG 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow-gauge line from Antonito , Colorado , to Durango . The last train to operate into Durango from the east was on December 6 , 1968 . The states of New Mexico and Colorado purchased 64 miles between Antonito and Chama , New Mexico , in 1970 and operates today as the Cumbres & Toltec Scenic Railroad . Trackage between Chama and Durango was removed by 1971 . The line from Durango to Silverton has run continuously since 1881 , although it is now a tourist and heritage line hauling passengers , and is one of the few places in the U.S. which has seen continuous use of steam locomotives . In March 1981 , the Denver & Rio Grande Western sold the line and the D & SNG was formed . Some rolling stock dates back to the 1880s . Trains operate from Durango to the Cascade Wye in the winter months and Durango-Silverton during the summer months . Durango depot was built in January 1882 and has been preserved in its original form ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belarus", "text": "Belarus ( /bɛləˈruːs/ ; Belarusian : Беларусь , IPA : [ bʲɛlaˈrusʲ ] ) , officially the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : Рэспубліка Беларусь , Russian : Республика Беларусь ) , formerly known by its Russian name Byelorussia or Belorussia ( Russian : Белоруссия ) , is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast , Ukraine to the south , Poland to the west , and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest . Its capital and most populous city is Minsk . Over 40% of its 207,600 square kilometres ( 80,200 sq mi ) is forested . Its major economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing . Until the 20th century , different states at various times controlled the lands of modern-day Belarus , including the Principality of Polotsk ( 11th to 14th centuries ) , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and the Russian Empire . In the aftermath of the 1917 Russian Revolution , Belarus declared independence as the Belarusian People 's Republic , which was conquered by Soviet Russia . The Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union in 1922 and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Byelorussian SSR ) . Belarus lost almost half of its territory to Poland after the Polish-Soviet War of 1919-1921 . Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 , when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were reintegrated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland , and were finalized after World War II . During WWII , military operations devastated Belarus , which lost about a quarter of its population and half of its economic resources . The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years . In 1945 the Byelorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations , along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ekrem_Bora", "text": "Ekrem Bora ( born Ekrem Şerif Uçak ; 7 March 1934 - 1 April 2012 ) was a Turkish film actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tashkent", "text": "Tashkent ( /ˌtɒʃˈkɛnt/ ; Russian pronunciation : [ tɐʂˈkʲent ] ; Russian : Ташкент , tr . Tashkent ) , or Toshkent ( [ tɒʃˈkent ] ; Uzbek : Toshkent , Тошкент , تاشكینت ) , is the capital and largest city of Uzbekistan , as well as the most populated city in ex-Soviet Central Asia with a population in 2018 of 2,485,900 . It is located in the north-east of the country close to the border with Kazakhstan . Before Islam influence started in the 8th century AD , Tashkent was influenced by the Sogdian and Turkic cultures in its early history . After its destruction by Genghis Khan in 1219 , the city was rebuilt and profited from the Silk Road . From 18th to 19th century , the city became an independent city-state , before being re-conquered by the Khanate of Kokand . In 1865 , it fell to the Russian Empire , and became the capital of Russian Turkestan . In Soviet times , Tashkent witnessed major growth and demographic changes due to forced deportations from throughout the Soviet Union . Much of the city was destroyed in the 1966 Tashkent earthquake , though it was rebuilt afterwards as a model Soviet city . It was the fourth-largest city of the Soviet Union at the time , after Moscow , Leningrad and Kiev . Today , as the capital of an independent Uzbekistan , Tashkent retains a multi-ethnic population , with ethnic Uzbeks as the majority . In 2009 , the city celebrated its 2,200 years of written history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Deal", "text": "The New Deal was a series of programs , public work projects , financial reforms , and regulations enacted by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in the United States between 1933 and 1939 . It responded to needs for relief , reform , and recovery from the Great Depression . Major federal programs and agencies included the Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) , the Civil Works Administration ( CWA ) , the Farm Security Administration ( FSA ) , the National Industrial Recovery Act of 1933 ( NIRA ) and the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) . They provided support for farmers , the unemployed , youth and the elderly . The New Deal included new constraints and safeguards on the banking industry and efforts to re-inflate the economy after prices had fallen sharply . New Deal programs included both laws passed by Congress as well as presidential executive orders during the first term of the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt . The programs focused on what historians refer to as the 3 Rs : relief for the unemployed and poor , recovery of the economy back to normal levels , and reform of the financial system to prevent a repeat depression . The New Deal produced a political realignment , making the Democratic Party the majority ( as well as the party that held the White House for seven out of the nine presidential terms from 1933 to 1969 ) with its base in liberal ideas , the South , traditional [ clarification needed ] Democrats , big city machines and the newly empowered labor unions and non-whites and ethnic whites . The Republicans were split , with conservatives opposing the entire New Deal as hostile to business and economic growth and liberals in support . The realignment crystallized into the New Deal coalition that dominated presidential elections into the 1960s while the opposing conservative coalition largely controlled Congress in domestic affairs from 1937 to 1964 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yuan_Shu-chi", "text": "Yuan Shu Chi ( Chinese : 袁叔琪 ; pinyin : Yuán Shúqí ; Wade-Giles : Yüan Shu-ch ' i ; born 9 November 1984 ) is an athlete from the Republic of China . She competes in archery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_Australian_Touring_Car_Championship", "text": "The 1990 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group 3A Touring Cars . The championship , which was the 31st Australian Touring Car Championship , was promoted as the Shell Ultra Australian Touring Car Championship . It began on 25 February 1990 at Amaroo Park and ended on 15 July at Oran Park Raceway after eight rounds . The title was won by Jim Richards , his third Australian Touring Car Championship victory . Richards drove for Nissan Motorsport Australia , utilising both Nissan Skyline HR31 GTS-R and the new Skyline R32 GT-R during one of the most competitive seasons in the history of the championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Munir_Amran", "text": "Mohammad Munir Bin Amran ( born 7 November 1983 ) is a football player who plays as a midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1954–55_Detroit_Red_Wings_season", "text": "The 1954-55 Detroit Red Wings season saw the Red Wings finish first overall in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with a record of 42 wins , 17 losses , and 11 ties for 95 points . They swept the Toronto Maple Leafs in the semi-finals and then won the Stanley Cup by defeating the Montreal Canadiens in a seven-game Stanley Cup Final . The Red Wings would not win another Stanley Cup until 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joanne_Dennehy", "text": "The Peterborough ditch murders were a series of serial murders which took place in Cambridgeshire , England , in March 2013 . All three victims were male and died from stab wounds . Their bodies were discovered dumped in ditches outside Peterborough . In Hereford , two other men were stabbed , but survived . The perpetrator was Joanne Christine Dennehy , a Cambridgeshire woman , who was later sentenced to life imprisonment with a whole life order ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Switzerland competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ventus_(Kingdom_Hearts)", "text": "Ventus ( Japanese : ヴェントゥス , Hepburn : Ventusu ) , commonly referred to as Ven ( ヴェン ) , is a fictional character from Square Enix 's video game franchise Kingdom Hearts . Having first made cameos in Kingdom Hearts II and other related titles , Ventus was introduced in the 2010 prequel Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep as one of the game 's three playable protagonists . In its story , Ventus is introduced as the youngest apprentice of Master Eraqus who trains him alongside his best friends , Terra and Aqua , to become experienced warriors with the Keyblade . When Terra goes on a mission to find Master Xehanort , Ventus follows him , having also become concerned about his fate . As Ventus journeys through various worlds and battles dark creatures called the Unversed , he learns about his own origins as well as his relation to Xehanort 's apprentice , Vanitas . Ventus was designed by director Tetsuya Nomura who wanted to create a character with an important connection with the series ' main character Sora . Ventus bears a strong resemblance to the character of Roxas , both of whom are voiced by Kōki Uchiyama in Japanese and Jesse McCartney in English . After Ventus 's first cameo , Nomura had to clarify that both of them are different characters , and that the reason for such connection would be revealed in Birth by Sleep . Video game websites also commented on Ventus 's first appearance , initially confusing him for Roxas during the development of Birth by Sleep , but has since been well received ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalungu_District", "text": "Kalungu District is a district in Central Uganda . It is named after the main town of the district , Kalungu , where the district headquarters are located ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Randy_Gardner_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Randall L. Gardner ( 1958- ) is an American politician , he formerly served as a Republican member of the Ohio Senate , serving the 2nd District from 2013-2018 . He formerly held the same district from 2001 to 2008 , and was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1985 to 2000 , and from 2008 to 2012 . In January 2019 Governor Mike Dewine appointed Gardner as the Chancellor of the Ohio Department of Higher Education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Angeles,_California", "text": "Los Angeles ( /lɔːs ˈændʒələs/ ( listen ) ; [ a ] Spanish : Los Ángeles ; Spanish for The Angels ) , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the most populous city in California ; the second most populous city in the United States , after New York City ; and the third most populous city in North America , after Mexico City and New York City . With an estimated population of nearly four million people , Los Angeles is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California . The city is known for its Mediterranean climate , ethnic diversity , Hollywood , the entertainment industry , and its sprawling metropolis . Los Angeles lies in a basin in Southern California , adjacent to the Pacific Ocean , with mountains as high as 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) , and deserts . The city , which covers about 469 square miles ( 1,210 km2 ) , is the seat of Los Angeles County , the most populous county in the United States . The Los Angeles metropolitan area ( MSA ) is the second-largest metropolitan area in the nation with a population of 13.1 million people . Greater Los Angeles , which includes the metro area of Riverside and San Bernardino , is the nation 's second most populous combined statistical area , with a 2015 estimate of 18.7 million people . Historically home to the Chumash and Tongva , Los Angeles was claimed by Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo for Spain in 1542 . The city was officially founded on September 4 , 1781 , by Spanish governor Felipe de Neve . It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican War of Independence . In 1848 , at the end of the Mexican-American War , Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , and thus became part of the United States . Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capistrano_Valley_High_School", "text": "Capistrano Valley High School ( often called CVHS or Capo ) is a public high school at the southern border of Mission Viejo , California , USA , that is run by the Capistrano Unified School District . It is set on a hilltop overlooking the San Diego Freeway ( I-5 ) corridor and Saddleback Mountain . It is located on Via Escolar , off the Avery exit of the I-5 . The school attendance boundaries primarily serve students from eastern , southern and northern Mission Viejo ( the entire portion of the city in CUSD ) and a small northern portion of San Juan Capistrano . CVHS is a California Distinguished School , National Blue Ribbon Finalist , and was ranked as number 488 in Newsweek 's 2008 list of the top 1,300 high schools in the USA . By this standard , CVHS falls in the top 2.5% of US high schools . It is the highest ranked for the school district and second highest rank between both Saddleback Valley and Capistrano Unified that serve south Orange County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Talk_radio", "text": "Talk radio is a radio format containing discussion about topical issues and consisting entirely or almost entirely of original spoken word content rather than outside music . Most shows are regularly hosted by a single individual , and often feature interviews with a number of different guests . Talk radio typically includes an element of listener participation , usually by broadcasting live conversations between the host and listeners who call in ( usually via telephone ) to the show . Listener contributions are usually screened by a show 's producers in order to maximize audience interest and , in the case of commercial talk radio , to attract advertisers . Generally , the shows are organized into segments , each separated by a pause for advertisements ; however , in public or non-commercial radio , music is sometimes played in place of commercials to separate the program segments . Variations of talk radio include conservative talk , hot talk , liberal talk ( increasingly known as progressive talk ) and sports talk . While talk radio has historically been associated with broadcast radio , starting around 2005 the technology for Internet-based talk-radio shows became cost effective in the form of live Internet website streaming and podcasts . Now , it is possible for an individual to use a variety of services to host an Internet-based talk-radio show without carriage by a traditional radio station . In addition , TV programming from talk and news outlets such as BBC , CNN , Bloomberg and Fox is now often available expanding the world of talk radio further . Talk radio listening is enjoyed not only on radios , but a wide variety of other devices and services including PCs using iTunes , station directories such as TuneIn , show directory smartphones with apps such as Stitcher and time-shifting services like DAR.fm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/French_National_Track_Championships", "text": "The French National Track Championships are held annually and are composed of competitions of various track cycling disciplines across various age and gender categories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myx_Music_Awards_2011", "text": "Myx Music Awards 2011 is the 6th Myx music awards since it started in 2006 . The music awards now include a category for favorite K-Pop Video ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Rifle_Association", "text": "The National Rifle Association of America ( NRA ) is a gun rights advocacy group based in the United States . Founded in 1871 , the group has informed its members about firearm-related legislation since 1934 , and it has directly lobbied for and against firearms legislation since 1975 . Founded to advance rifle marksmanship , the modern NRA continues to teach firearm safety and competency . The organization also publishes several magazines , and sponsors competitive marksmanship events . According to the NRA , it had nearly 5 million members as of December 2018 , though that figure has not been independently confirmed . Observers and lawmakers see the NRA as one of the three most influential lobbying groups in Washington , D.C . The NRA Institute for Legislative Action ( NRA-ILA ) is its lobbying division , which manages its political action committee ( PAC ) , the Political Victory Fund ( PVF ) . Over its history the organization has influenced legislation , participated in or initiated lawsuits , and endorsed or opposed various candidates at local , state , and federal levels . Some notable lobbying efforts by the NRA-ILA are the Firearm Owners Protection Act , which lessened restrictions of the Gun Control Act of 1968 , and the Dickey Amendment , which blocks the CDC from using federal funds to advocate for gun control . The NRA has been criticized by gun control and gun rights advocacy groups , political commentators , and politicians . The organization has been the focus of intense criticism in the aftermath of high-profile shootings , such as the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting and the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , after which they suggested adding armed security guards to schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Lucia", "text": "Saint Lucia ( /ˈluːʃə/ ( listen ) ; French : Sainte-Lucie ) is a sovereign island country in the West Indies in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean . The island was previously called Iyonola , the name given to the island by the native Amerindians and later , Hewanorra , the name given by the native Caribs . Part of the Lesser Antilles , it is located north/northeast of the island of Saint Vincent , northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique . It covers a land area of 617 km2 ( 238 square miles ) and reported a population of 165,595 in the 2010 census . Its capital is Castries . The French were the island 's first European settlers . They signed a treaty with the native Island Caribs in 1660 . England took control of the island from 1663 to 1667 . In ensuing years , it was at war with France fourteen times , and the rule of the island changed frequently ( it was ruled seven times each by the French and British ) . In 1814 , the British took definitive control of the island . Because it switched so often between British and French control , Saint Lucia was also known as the Helen of the West Indies after the Greek mythological character , Helen of Troy . Representative government came about in 1840 ( universal suffrage was established in 1953 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Safety_(gridiron_football_position)", "text": "Safety , historically known as a safetyman , is a position in gridiron football played by a member of the defense . The safeties are defensive backs who line up from ten to fifteen yards from the line of scrimmage . There are two variations of the position in a typical American formation : the free safety ( FS ) and the strong safety ( SS ) . Their duties depend on the defensive scheme . The defensive responsibilities of the safety and cornerback usually involve pass coverage towards the middle and sidelines of the field , respectively . While American ( 11-player ) formations generally use two safeties , Canadian ( 12-player ) formations generally have one safety and two defensive halfbacks , a position not used in the American game . As professional and college football have become more focused on the passing game , safeties have become more involved in covering the eligible pass receivers . Safeties are the last line of defense ; they are expected to be reliable tacklers , and many safeties rank among the hardest hitters in football . Safety positions can also be converted cornerbacks , either by design ( Byron Jones ) or as a cornerback ages ( Charles Woodson , DeAngelo Hall , Lardarius Webb , Tramon Williams ) . Historically , in the era of the one-platoon system , the safety was known as the defensive fullback ( specifically the free safety ; the strong safety would be a defensive halfback , a term still in Canadian parlance ) or goaltender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Badajoz", "text": "Badajoz ( UK : /ˈbædəhɒz/ , US : /ˌbɑːðɑːˈhoʊs , -ˈhoʊθ , -ˈhɔːð , ˌbɑːdəˈhoʊz/ , Spanish : [ baðaˈxoθ ] ; formerly written Badajos in English ) is the capital of the Province of Badajoz in the autonomous community of Extremadura , Spain . It is situated close to the Portuguese border , on the left bank of the river Guadiana . The population in 2011 was 151,565 . Originally a settlement occupied by Romans , Visogoths , etc. , its previous name was Civitas Pacensis . Badajoz was conquered by the Moors in the 8th century , and became a Moorish kingdom , the Taifa of Badajoz . After the reconquista , the area was disputed between Spain and Portugal for several centuries with alternating control resulting in several wars including the Spanish War of Succession ( 1705 ) , the Peninsular War ( 1808-1811 ) , the Storming of Badajoz ( 1812 ) , and the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 ) . Spanish history is largely reflected in the town . Badajoz is the see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz . Prior to the merger of the Diocese of Mérida and the Diocese of Badajoz , Badajoz was the see of the Diocese of Badajoz from the bishopric 's inception in 1255 . The city has a degree of eminence , crowned as it is by the ruins of a Moorish castle and overlooking the Guadiana river , which flows between the castle-hill and the powerfully armed fort of San Cristobal . The architecture of Badajoz is indicative of its tempestuous history ; even the Badajoz Cathedral , built in 1238 , resembles a fortress , with its massive walls . Badajoz is home to the CD Badajoz and AD Cerro de Reyes football clubs and the AB Pacense basketball club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishop's_Green", "text": "Bishops Green is a village in the English county of Hampshire , on the border with Berkshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Worrell_Trophy", "text": "The Frank Worrell Trophy is awarded to the winner of the West Indies-Australia Test match series in cricket . The trophy is named after Frank Worrell who was the first black captain of the West Indies . It was first awarded at the end of the 1960-61 series in Australia , the first Test of which ended in a tie . The Australian Cricket Board of Control and Don Bradman commissioned former Test cricketer and professional jeweller Ernie McCormick to create a perpetual trophy following the tie . The trophy 's design incorporated a ball used in the tied Test . As of 2019 [ update ] , Australia hold the trophy following their 2-0 series victory in the West Indies 2015-16 tour . Australia also lead in overall wins , winning 14 of the 24 series , while the West Indies have won 8 , the remaining 2 ending in draws ( with the trophy being retained by the incumbents ) . Brian Lara is the most successful batsman in the history of the trophy , scoring 2,815 runs for the West Indies in 56 innings at an average of 52.12 . He also holds the record for the highest score ( 277 ) which he made in the third Test at the Sydney Cricket Ground during the 1992-93 series . West Indian fast bowler Courtney Walsh has taken the most wickets in the trophy , with 135 over 38 matches , at an average of 28.68 , while Australia 's Graham McKenzie has the best bowling figures of 8 wickets for 71 runs , achieved in the second Test of the 1968-69 series . Australian Mark Waugh has taken the most catches , with 45 in 28 matches , while West Indian Jeff Dujon is the most successful wicketkeeper , making 84 dismissals in 23 matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Archibald,_1st_Baron_Archibald", "text": "George Archibald , 1st Baron Archibald CBE ( 21 July 1898 - 25 February 1975 ) was a British Labour politician . Archibald was the son of George W. Archibald , of Glasgow , and was educated at St George 's Road Elementary School and Alan Glen 's High School . He fought Birmingham Sparkbrook as the Labour candidate in 1931 , but was heavily defeated by Leo Amery in the Conservative landslide of that year . During the Second World War he served as Controller of the Ministry of Information from 1944 to 1945 . In 1949 he was raised to the peerage by the Labour government of Clement Attlee as Baron Archibald , of Woodside in the City of Glasgow . He served under Attlee as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard ( Deputy Chief Whip in the House of Lords ) from June to October 1951 . He was later Chairman of the Federation of British Film Makers from 1957 to 1966 and Deputy President of Film Production of Great Britain from 1966 to 1968 . Lord Archibald married firstly Dorothy , daughter of George Henry Edwards , in 1926 . She died in 1960 . He married secondly Catherine Edith Mary , daughter of Bonar Law and former wife of Kent Colwell , in 1961 . Archibald died in February 1975 , aged 76 . He was succeeded in the barony by his son from his first marriage , George Christopher Archibald , who , however , disclaimed the peerage for life only a few days later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adrian_Autry", "text": "Adrian Red Christopher Autry ( born February 28 , 1972 ) is a retired American basketball player and current assistant coach for Syracuse University men 's basketball team . A former point guard for the Orange , Autry played from 1990-1994 and is currently ranked fifth in career assist ( 631 ) and sixth in career steals ( 217 ) . After leaving Syracuse , Autry played professionally from 1995-2005 for Besiktas Istanbul , SSV Ulm 1846 , Long Island Surf , Sicc BPA Jesi , Paf Bologna , Fabriano Basket , Mabo Livorno , Brooklyn Kings , SLUC Nancy Basket , Brandt Hagen , Lokomotiv Novosibirsk , Verviers-Pepinster , and Deichman Śląsk Wrocław . Autry also played for the USBL . After a 10-year career , Autry retired in 2005 and returned to the states to begin his career as a coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Ten_Conference", "text": "The Big Ten Conference ( stylized B1G , formerly the Western Conference and the Big Nine Conference ) is the oldest Division I collegiate athletic conference in the United States . It is based in Rosemont , Illinois . For decades the conference consisted of 10 universities , while the present conference has 14 member institutions . They compete in the NCAA Division I ; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A , the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport . The conference includes the flagship public university in each of 11 states stretching from New Jersey to Nebraska , as well as two additional public land-grant schools and a private university . The Big Ten Conference was established in 1895 when Purdue University president James H. Smart and representatives from the University of Chicago , University of Illinois , University of Michigan , University of Minnesota , Northwestern University , and University of Wisconsin gathered at Chicago 's Palmer House Hotel to set policies aimed at regulating intercollegiate athletics . In 1899 , Indiana University and the University of Iowa joined the conference to increase the membership to nine schools . In 1905 , the conference was officially incorporated as the Intercollegiate Conference of Faculty Representatives . The conference is one of the nation 's oldest , predating the founding of the NCAA by a decade , and was one of the first collegiate conferences to sponsor men 's basketball . Big Ten member institutions are major research universities with large financial endowments and strong academic reputations . All institutions except full member University of Nebraska and associate member Notre Dame are members of the Association of American Universities . Large student enrollment is a hallmark of Big Ten Universities , as 12 of the 14 members feature enrollments of 30,000 or more students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harkin's_General_Store", "text": "Harkin 's General Store is all that remains of West Newton , in Nicollet County , Minnesota , United States . Alexander Harkin opened the store as combination general store and post office in 1867 in the growing town of West Newton . The town fell into decline after four years of locust swarms devastated southern Minnesota , and the railroad extended away from West Newton . The store finally closed its doors in 1901 . Most of the stock was left when the store was closed and abandoned , and remains today as a museum managed by the Nicollet County Historical Society in partnership with the Minnesota Historical Society ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yaoundé", "text": "Yaoundé ( US : /ˌjɑːʊnˈdeɪ/ , UK : /jɑːˈʊndeɪ , -ˈuːn-/ ; French pronunciation : ​ [ ja.unde ] ; German : Jaunde ) is the capital of Cameroon and , with a population of more than 2.8 million , the second-largest city in the country after the port city Douala . It lies in the Centre Region of the nation at an elevation of about 750 metres ( 2,500 ft ) above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myosaurus", "text": "Myosaurus is an extinct genus of dicynodont found primarily in Antarctica and South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chamique_Holdsclaw", "text": "Chamique Shaunta Holdsclaw ( born August 9 , 1977 ) is a former professional basketball player in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) most recently under a contract with the San Antonio Silver Stars . She announced her retirement from the Los Angeles Sparks on June 11 , 2007 , though she eventually came out of retirement to play with the Atlanta Dream for the 2009 WNBA Season . Holdsclaw was inducted into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mick_Philpott", "text": "Michael Mick Philpott ( born 1956 ) is a British father who was found guilty of causing the deaths of five of his children and their half-brother by arson in May 2012 . Philpott , who had made several media appearances because of his benefits-funded lifestyle and polyamorous relationships , was sentenced to life imprisonment for their manslaughter . He had first come to prominence in the British media as a result of his large family ( having fathered seventeen children by various women ) , and his reliance on state benefits . In April 2013 , following an eight-week trial , he and his wife Mairead , together with their friend Paul Mosley , were found guilty of the manslaughter of the six children . Philpott was given a life sentence with a minimum term of fifteen years ' imprisonment . Psychologist Glenn Wilson described Philpott as clinically a psychopath and exhibitionist with antisocial personality disorder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Collins,_CO", "text": "Fort Collins is a municipality in northern Colorado , which serves as the seat of Larimer County . Situated on the Cache La Poudre River along the Colorado Front Range , Fort Collins is located 56 mi ( 90 km ) north of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver . With a 2018 estimated population of 167,830 , it is the fourth most populous city in Colorado after Denver , Colorado Springs , and Aurora . Fort Collins is a midsize college city , home to Colorado State University and Front Range Community College 's Larimer campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mauritius_Island", "text": "Mauritius ( /məˈrɪʃ ( i ) əs , mɔːˈ-/ ( listen ) mə-RISH- ( ee- ) əs , maw- ; French : Maurice [ mɔʁis , moʁis ] ( listen ) ; Creole : Moris [ moʁis ] ) , officially the Republic of Mauritius ( French : République de Maurice ; Creole : Repiblik Moris ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,200 mi ) off the southeast coast of the African continent . The country includes the islands of Mauritius , Rodrigues , Agaléga and St. Brandon . The islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues form part of the Mascarene Islands , along with nearby Réunion , a French overseas department . The capital and largest city Port Louis is located on the main island of Mauritius . The area of the country is 2,040 square kilometres ( 790 sq mi ) , the nation 's Exclusive Economic Zone covers an area of 2.3 million square kilometres . In 1598 , the Dutch took possession of Mauritius . They abandoned Mauritius in 1710 and the French took control of the island in 1715 , renaming it Isle de France . France officially ceded Mauritius including all its dependencies to the United Kingdom ( UK ) through the Treaty of Paris , signed on 30 May 1814 and in which Réunion was returned to France . The British colony of Mauritius consisted of the main island of Mauritius along with Rodrigues , Agalega , St Brandon , Tromelin and the Chagos Archipelago , while the Seychelles became a separate colony in 1906 . The sovereignty of Tromelin is disputed between Mauritius and France as some of the islands such as St. Brandon , Chagos , Agalega and Tromelin were not specifically mentioned in the Treaty of Paris . In 1965 , three years prior to the independence of Mauritius , the UK split the Chagos Archipelago from Mauritian territory , and the islands of Aldabra , Farquhar and Desroches from the Seychelles , to form the British Indian Ocean Territory ( BIOT ) . The UK forcibly expelled the archipelago 's local population and leased its largest island , Diego Garcia , to the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Klassen", "text": "Michael Joseph Klassen ( born March 20 , 1991 ) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was drafted in the fourth round , 32nd overall by the Montreal Alouettes in the 2013 CFL Draft and signed with the team on May 27 , 2013 . He played CIS football for the Calgary Dinos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Muldoon", "text": "Michael D. Muldoon ( April 9 , 1858 in Westmeath , Ireland , to January 30 , 1917 [ citation needed ] ) was a Major League Baseball player . Muldoon played for Cleveland Blues and the Baltimore Orioles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_J._Peters", "text": "George J. Peters ( 1924 - March 24 , 1945 ) was a soldier of the United States Army and a recipient of the highest decoration of the United States Armed Forces - the Medal of Honor - for his actions in the final stages of World War II during Operation Varsity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Genova_(newspaper_1642–1684)", "text": "Genova ( or Di Genova ) was a newspaper published in Genoa from 1642 to 1684 . This newspaper had sometime additional titles : in a few issues the addition was Il Sincero , [ a ] other issues had the additional title Il Botticelli , [ b ] while two issues had only as title the year in Latin digits . [ c ] This newspaper was founded and initially edited by Alessandro Botticelli ( from 1646 to 1660 edited by Luca Assarino ) , and it supported the pro-French faction in the politic of the Republic of Genoa . It shall not be confused with the newspaper with the same title founded in 1639 by Michele Castelli and tied to the pro-Spanish faction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2011–12_Euroleague", "text": "The 2011-12 Turkish Airlines Euroleague was the 12th season of the modern era of Euroleague and the second under the title sponsorship of Turkish Airlines . Including the competition 's previous incarnation as the FIBA Europe Champions Cup , this was the 55th season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs . The Final Four was held at the Sinan Erdem Dome in Istanbul , in 11-13 May 2012 . It was won by the Piraeus club Olympiacos ( 2nd title ) , who defeated CSKA Moscow in the championship game . It was the 5th final involving a Greek club in the last six seasons , and 3rd Greek win in that time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ituano_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Ituano Futebol Clube , also known as Ituano Sociedade Civil de Futebol Ltda , or Ituano as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football club from Itu in São Paulo , founded on May 24 , 1947 . The team plays in black and red stripe shirts with white shorts and socks . In 2014 , Ituano won the São Paulo State League for the second time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marilyn_Maxwell", "text": "Marvel Marilyn Maxwell ( August 3 , 1921 - March 20 , 1972 ) was an American actress and entertainer . In a career that spanned the 1940s and 1950s , she appeared in several films and radio programs , and entertained the troops during World War II and the Korean War on USO tours with Bob Hope ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hello,_Brother", "text": "Hello , Brother ( Korean : 안녕 , 형아 ; RR : Annyeong , Hyeong-a ) , also known as Little Brother , is a 2005 South Korean drama film directed by Lim Tai-hyung . The film starred Bae Jong-ok , Park Won-sang , and Park Ji-bin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethiopia", "text": "Ethiopia ( /ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə/ ; Amharic : ኢትዮጵያ , ʾĪtyōṗṗyā , listen ( help·info ) , Tigrinya : ኢትዮጵያ , Oromo : Itiyoophiyaa , Somali : Itoobiya , Afar : Itiyoophiyaa ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a landlocked country in the Horn of Africa . It shares borders with Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia , and the de facto state of Somaliland to the east , Kenya to the south , South Sudan to the west and Sudan to the northwest . With over 109 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world and the second-most populous nation on the African continent with a total area of 1,100,000 square kilometres ( 420,000 sq mi ) . Its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa , which lies a few miles west of the East African Rift that splits the country into the Nubian and Somali tectonic plates . Some of the oldest skeletal evidence for anatomically modern humans has been found in Ethiopia . It is widely considered as the region from which modern humans first set out for the Middle East and places beyond . According to linguists , the first Afroasiatic-speaking populations settled in the Horn region during the ensuing Neolithic era . Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BCE , Ethiopia 's governmental system was a monarchy for most of its history . Oral literature tells that the monarchy was founded by the Solomonic dynasty of the Queen of Sheba , under its first king , Menelik I . In the first centuries , the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region , followed by the Ethiopian Empire circa 1137 . During the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa , Ethiopia and Liberia were two nations that preserved their sovereignty from long-term colonisation by a European colonial power and many newly-independent nations on the continent subsequently adopted its flag colours . However , the country was later occupied by Italy in 1936 and became Italian Ethiopia ( part of Italian East Africa ) until it was liberated during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Providence_Grays", "text": "The Providence Grays were a Major League Baseball team based in Providence , Rhode Island who played in the National League from 1878 until 1885 . The Grays played at the Messer Street Grounds in the Olneyville neighborhood . The team won the National League title twice , in 1879 and 1884 . Following the 1884 season , they won the first World Series over the New York Metropolitans of the American Association . The team folded after the 1885 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Onehunga_Sports", "text": "Onehunga Sports Football Club is a semi-professional football ) club based in Onehunga , New Zealand . They currently compete in the Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Premier , having won the competition in its last two seasons . The club is widely regarded within New Zealand for their strong focus on youth development under the leadership of head coach Hiroshi Miyazawa . In recent years , Onehunga Sports have most notably produced New Zealand internationals Sarpreet Singh , Chris Wood and Moses Dyer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jane_Seymour_(actress)", "text": "Jane Seymour , OBE ( born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg ; 15 February 1951 ) , is a British-American actress , best known for her performances in the James Bond film Live and Let Die ( 1973 ) ; Somewhere in Time ( 1980 ) ; East of Eden ( 1981 ) ; The Scarlet Pimpernel ( 1982 film ) ; Onassis : The Richest Man in the World ( 1988 ) ; War and Remembrance ( 1988 ) ; the French epic La Révolution française ( 1989 ) as the ill-fated queen Marie Antoinette ; Wedding Crashers ( 2005 ) ; and the American television series Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman ( 1993-1998 ) . She has earned an Emmy Award , two Golden Globe Awards and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . In 2000 , she was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Daily_Show", "text": "The Daily Show is an American late-night talk and news satire television program . It airs each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central . Describing itself as a fake news program , The Daily Show draws its comedy and satire from recent news stories , political figures , media organizations , and often uses self-referential humor as well . The half-hour-long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was first hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 17 , 1998 . Jon Stewart then took over as the host from January 11 , 1999 , until August 6 , 2015 , making the show more strongly focused on political satire and news satire , in contrast with the pop culture focus during Kilborn 's tenure . Stewart was succeeded by Trevor Noah , whose tenure premiered on September 28 , 2015 . Under different hosts , the show has been formally known as The Daily Show with Jon Stewart from 1999 until 2015 , and The Daily Show with Trevor Noah since 2015 . The Daily Show is the longest-running program on Comedy Central ( counting all three tenures ) , and has won 24 Primetime Emmy Awards . The program is popular among young audiences . The Pew Research Center suggested in 2010 that 74% of regular viewers were between 18 and 49 , and that 10% of the audience watched the show for its news headlines , 2% for in-depth reporting , and 43% for entertainment ; compared with respectively 64% , 10% and 4% who said the same of CNN . Critics chastised Stewart for not conducting sufficiently hard-hitting interviews with his political guests , some of whom he may have lampooned in previous segments . Stewart and other Daily Show writers responded to such criticism by saying that they do not have any journalistic responsibility and that as comedians their only duty is to provide entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austrian_People's_Party", "text": "The Austrian People 's Party ( German : Österreichische Volkspartei ; ÖVP ) is a conservative and Christian-democratic political party in Austria . A successor to the Christian Social Party of the late 19th and early 20th centuries , it was founded immediately following the reestablishment of the Republic of Austria in 1945 and since then has been one of the two largest Austrian political parties with the Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) . In federal governance , the ÖVP has spent most of the postwar era in a grand coalition with the SPÖ . However , the ÖVP won the 2017 election , having the greatest number of seats and formed a coalition with the right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) . Its chairman Sebastian Kurz is the youngest Chancellor in Austrian history and currently the world 's youngest leader ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009–10_Euroleague", "text": "The 2009-10 Euroleague was the 10th season of the professional basketball competition for elite clubs throughout Europe , organised by Euroleague Basketball Company , and it was the 53rd season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs overall . The regular season featured 24 teams from 13 different countries . This season marked the first time in the modern era that a qualifying round was used to determine the last two teams for the regular season . The qualifying round started on September 29 , 2009 , while the regular season of the Euroleague started on October 15 , 2010 . The season ended with the Euroleague Final Four , which was hosted at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris , France , with the Final on May 9 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cha-cha-cha_(dance)", "text": "The Cha Cha Cha ( sometimes called cha-cha ) , is a dance of Cuban origin . It is danced to the music of the same name introduced by Cuban composer and violinist Enrique Jorrin in the early 1950s . This rhythm was developed from the danzón-mambo . The name of the dance is an onomatopoeia derived from the shuffling sound of the dancers ' feet when they dance two consecutive quick steps ( correctly , on the fourth count of each measure ) that characterize the dance . In the early 1950s , Enrique Jorrín worked as a violinist and composer with the charanga group Orquesta América . The group performed at dance halls in Havana where they played danzón , danzonete , and danzon-mambo for dance-oriented crowds . Jorrín noticed that many of the dancers at these gigs had difficulty with the syncopated rhythms of the danzón-mambo . To make his music more appealing to dancers , Jorrín began composing songs where the melody was marked strongly on the first downbeat and the rhythm was less syncopated . When Orquesta América performed these new compositions at the Silver Star Club in Havana , it was noticed that the dancers had improvised a triple step in their footwork producing the sound cha-cha-cha . Thus , the new style came to be known as cha-cha-chá and became associated with a dance where dancers perform a triple step . The basic footwork pattern of cha-cha-chá ( one , two , three , cha-cha ) is also found in several Afro-Cuban dances from the Santería religion . For example , one of the steps used in the dance for the orisha Ogun uses an identical footwork pattern ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo_eShop", "text": "The Nintendo eShop [ a ] is a digital distribution service powered by the Nintendo Network for the Nintendo 3DS family , Wii U , and by a dedicated online infrastructure for the Nintendo Switch . Launched in June 2011 on the Nintendo 3DS , the eShop was enabled by the release of a system update that added the functionality to the Nintendo 3DS 's HOME Menu . It is the successor to both the Wii Shop Channel and DSi Shop . Unlike on the Nintendo 3DS , the eShop was made available on the launch date of the Wii U , although a system update is required in order to access it . It is also a multitasking application , which means it is easily accessible even when a game is already running in the background through the system software , though this feature is exclusive to the Wii U and the Nintendo Switch . The Nintendo eShop features downloadable games , demos , applications , streaming videos , consumer rating feedback , and other information on upcoming game releases ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Kilda,_Scotland", "text": "St Kilda ( Scottish Gaelic : Hiort ) is an isolated archipelago situated 40 miles ( 64 km ) west-northwest of North Uist in the North Atlantic Ocean . It contains the westernmost islands of the Outer Hebrides of Scotland . [ note 1 ] The largest island is Hirta , whose sea cliffs are the highest in the United Kingdom . Three other islands ( Dùn , Soay and Boreray ) were also used for grazing and seabird hunting . The islands are administratively a part of the Comhairle nan Eilean Siar local authority area . The origin of the name St Kilda is a matter of conjecture . The islands ' human heritage includes numerous unique architectural features from the historic and prehistoric periods , although the earliest written records of island life date from the Late Middle Ages . The medieval village on Hirta was rebuilt in the 19th century , but illnesses brought by increased external contacts through tourism and the upheaval of the First World War contributed to the island 's evacuation in 1930 . The story of St Kilda has attracted artistic interpretations , including Michael Powell 's film The Edge of the World and an opera . Permanent habitation on the islands possibly extends back at least two millennia , the population probably never exceeding 180 ( and certainly no more than 100 after 1851 ) . The entire remaining population was evacuated from Hirta , the only inhabited island , in 1930 . The islands house a unique form of stone structure known as cleitean ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mid-American_Conference", "text": "The Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) is a National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I collegiate athletic conference with a membership base in the Great Lakes region that stretches from Western New York to Illinois . Nine of the twelve full member schools are in Ohio and Michigan , with single members located in Illinois , Indiana , and New York . For football , the MAC participates in the NCAA 's Football Bowl Subdivision . The MAC is headquartered in the Public Square district in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , and has two members in the nearby Akron area . The MAC has been referred to as the Conference of Quarterbacks because of the accomplishments of numerous former players in the National Football League . The conference also ranks highest among all ten NCAA Division I FBS conferences for graduation rates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chew_Valley", "text": "The Chew Valley is an area in North Somerset , England , named after the River Chew , which rises at Chewton Mendip , and joins the River Avon at Keynsham . Technically , the area of the valley is bounded by the water catchment area of the Chew and its tributaries ; however , the name Chew Valley is often used less formally to cover other nearby areas , for example , Blagdon Lake and its environs , which by a stricter definition are part of the Yeo Valley . The valley is an area of rich arable and dairy farmland , interspersed with a number of villages . The landscape consists of the valley of the River Chew and is generally low-lying and undulating . It is bounded by higher ground ranging from Dundry Down to the north , the Lulsgate Plateau to the west , the Mendip Hills to the south and the Hinton Blewett , Marksbury and Newton St Loe plateau areas to the east . The valley 's boundary generally follows the top of scarp slopes except at the southwestern and southeastern boundaries where flat upper areas of the Chew Valley grade gently into the Yeo Valley and eastern Mendip Hills respectively . The River Chew was dammed in the 1950s to create Chew Valley Lake , which provides drinking water for the nearby city of Bristol and surrounding areas . The lake is a prominent landscape feature of the valley , a focus for recreation , and is internationally recognised for its nature conservation interest , because of the bird species , plants and insects . The area falls into the domains of councils including Bath and North East Somerset , North Somerset and Mendip . Part of the area falls within the Mendip Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . Most of the undeveloped area is within the Bristol/Bath Green Belt . Many of the villages date back to the time of the Domesday Book and there is evidence of human occupation since the Stone Age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sultanate_of_Egypt", "text": "The Sultanate of Egypt ( Arabic : السلطنة المصرية ) was the short-lived protectorate that the United Kingdom imposed over Egypt between 1914 and 1922 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indian_Institute_of_Chemical_Technology", "text": "The Indian Institute of Chemical Technology is a national-level research center located in Hyderabad , Telangana , India under the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) . IICT conducts research in basic and applied chemistry , biochemistry , bioinformatics , chemical engineering and provides science and technology inputs to the industrial and economic development of the country . IICT has filed one of the maximum CSIR patents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_The_Da_Vinci_Code_characters", "text": "Bishop Manuel Aringarosa is a fictional Spanish bishop , portrayed in the film by Alfred Molina . Bishop Aringarosa is the worldwide head of Opus Dei and the patron of the albino monk Silas . Five months before the start of the narrative , he is summoned by the Vatican to a meeting at an astronomical observatory in the Italian Apennines and told , to his great surprise , that in six months the Pope will withdraw his support of Opus Dei . As he believes that Opus Dei is the pulse keeping the Church from disintegrating into what he sees as the corruption of the modern era , he believes his faith demands that he take action to save Opus Dei . Shortly after the meeting with the Vatican officials , he is contacted by a shadowy figure calling himself The Teacher , who has learned somehow of the secret meeting . The Teacher informs him that he can deliver an artifact to Aringarosa so valuable to the Church that it will give Opus Dei extreme leverage over the Vatican . The artifact is in fact a keystone which provides clues that lead to the legendary Holy Grail . Although the Teacher does n't provide him with any contact information , Aringarosa is extremely intrigued about this and willingly agrees to cooperate . The Teacher requests that for a short period Aringarosa and Silas can not communicate , while Silas does his bidding . Unbeknownst to Aringarosa , the Teacher instructs Silas to kill the four top members of the Priory of Sion , a secret organization pledged to protect the secret of the Grail . On the same night Silas kills Priory leader Jacques Saunière , Aringarosa goes to the Papal Palace of Castel Gandolfo to retrieve bearer bonds worth twenty million euros from the Vatican , as instructed by the Teacher . While leaving , Aringarosa is suddenly afraid that the Teacher would suspect him of running away with the money , as he could n't be contacted in the hills with no phone signal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petro_Atlético", "text": "Atlético Petróleos de Luanda , best known as Petro Atlético de Luanda , or simply Petro Atlético or Petro de Luanda , is a traditional football club from Luanda , Angola , founded in 1980 . The club won its first title , the Angolan League , in 1982 and is the most successful team in the country . In its initial days , the club was known as Petroclube . Four players from Petro Atlético represented Angola at their first World Cup in 2006 : Lebo Lebo , Lamá , Zé Kalanga and Delgado . The club has also a basketball team . Many basketball players of the team , participated with Angola national basketball team in the Olympics 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penny_(English_coin)", "text": "The English penny ( plural pence ) , originally a coin of 1.3 to 1.5 grams ( 0.042 to 0.048 troy ounces ; 0.046 to 0.053 ounces ) pure silver , was introduced c. 785 by King Offa of Mercia . These coins were similar in size and weight to the continental deniers of the period and to the Anglo-Saxon sceats which had preceded it . Throughout the period of the Kingdom of England , from its beginnings in the 9th century , the penny was produced in silver . Pennies of the same nominal value , one 240th of a pound sterling , were in circulation continuously until the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czechoslovakia_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Czechoslovakia competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1972_in_film", "text": "The year 1972 in film involved several significant cinematic events including the release of Francis Ford Coppola 's Academy Award-winning film , The Godfather ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nigel_Hitchin", "text": "Nigel James Hitchin FRS ( born 2 August 1946 ) is a British mathematician working in the fields of differential geometry , algebraic geometry , and mathematical physics . He is a Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the University of Oxford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antwan_Goodley", "text": "Antwan Fontain Goodley Jr. ( born September 6 , 1991 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent . He played college football at Baylor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lafayette,_Louisiana", "text": "Lafayette ( /ˌlɑːfiːˈɛt , ˌlæf-/ , French : [ lafajɛt ] ) is a city in and the parish seat of Lafayette Parish , Louisiana , located along the Vermilion River in the southwestern part of the state . The city of Lafayette is the fourth-largest in the state , with a population of 126,143 according to 2018 U.S. Census estimates . It is the principal city of the Lafayette , Louisiana Metropolitan Statistical Area , with a 2015 estimated population of 490,488 . The larger trade area or Combined Statistical Area of Lafayette-Opelousas-Morgan City CSA was 627,146 in 2015 . Its nickname is The Hub City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samsun", "text": "Samsun ( Pontic Greek : Σαμψούντα , Sampsúnta ; Ottoman Turkish : صامسون : Ṣāmsūn ) is a city on the north coast of Turkey with a population over half a million people . It is the provincial capital of Samsun Province and a major Black Sea port . The growing city has two universities , several hospitals , shopping malls , much light manufacturing industry , sports facilities and an opera . Mustafa Kemal Atatürk began the Turkish War of Independence here in 1919 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Serge_Dassault", "text": "Serge Dassault ( French : [ sɛʁʒ daso ] ; 4 April 1925 - 28 May 2018 ) was a French billionaire heir , businessman and politician . He was the chairman and chief executive officer of Dassault Group , and a conservative politician . According to Forbes , Dassault 's net worth was estimated in 2016 at US $ 15 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_Football_League_West_Division", "text": "The West Division is one of the two regional divisions of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) , their counterpart being the East Division . Although the CFL was not founded until 1958 , the West Division and its clubs are descended from earlier leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018–19_EuroLeague", "text": "The 2018-19 Turkish Airlines EuroLeague was the 19th season of the modern era of Euroleague Basketball and the eighth under the title sponsorship of the Turkish Airlines . Including the competition 's previous incarnation as the FIBA Europe Champions Cup , this was be the 62nd season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs . The season started on 11 October 2018 and finished in May 2019 with the 2019 EuroLeague Final Four at Fernando Buesa Arena in Vitoria-Gasteiz , Spain . CSKA Moscow won the championship after defeating Anadolu Efes in the championship game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basingstoke", "text": "Basingstoke ( /ˈbeɪzɪŋstoʊk/ BAY-zing-stohk ) is the largest town in the administrative county of Hampshire ( Southampton and Portsmouth are now unitary authorities in their own right , and Winchester is a city ) . It is situated in south central England , and lies across a valley at the source of the River Loddon . It is located 30 miles ( 48 km ) northeast of Southampton , 48 miles ( 77 km ) southwest of London , and 19 miles ( 31 km ) northeast of the county town and former capital Winchester . According to the 2016 population estimate the town had a population of 113,776 . [ d ] It is part of the borough of Basingstoke and Deane and part of the parliamentary constituency of Basingstoke . Basingstoke is often nicknamed Doughnut City or Roundabout City because of the number of large roundabouts . Basingstoke is an old market town expanded in the mid 1960s as a result of an agreement between London County Council and Hampshire County Council . It was developed rapidly after World War II , along with various other towns in the United Kingdom , in order to accommodate part of the London 'overspill ' as perceived under the Greater London Plan in 1944 . Basingstoke market was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 , and it remained a small market town until the early 1960s . At the start of World War II the population was little more than 13,000 . It still has a regular market , but is now larger than Hampshire County Council 's definition of a market town . Basingstoke has become an important economic centre during the second half of the 20th century , and houses the locations of the UK headquarters of De La Rue , Sun Life Financial , The Automobile Association , ST Ericsson , GAME , Motorola , Barracuda Networks , Eli Lilly and Company , FCB Halesway part of FCB , BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions , the leasing arm of BNP Paribas in the UK , and Sony Professional Solutions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dove_(1974_film)", "text": "The Dove is a 1974 American biographical film directed by Charles Jarrott . The picture was produced by Gregory Peck , the third and last feature film he would produce . The drama is based on the real life experiences of Robin Lee Graham , a young man who spent five years sailing around the world as a single-handed sailor , starting when he was 16 years old . The story is adapted from Dove ( 1972 ) , the book Graham co-wrote with Derek L.T . Gill about his seafaring experiences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Manuel_Rivera_Sanchez", "text": "Estadio Municipal Centenario Manuel Rivera Sánchez is a multi-purpose stadium in Chimbote , Peru . It was inaugurated on June 30 , 2007 with a friendly game between the Peru U-17 national football team and the Colombia U-17 national football team . Peru lost 4-2 . It hosts the home games of José Gálvez FBC . The stadium has a capacity of 25,000 people . It replaced Estadio Manuel Gómez Arellano ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign", "text": "The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ( U of I , Illinois , UIllinois , or colloquially the University of Illinois or UIUC ) is a public land-grant research university in Illinois in the twin cities of Champaign and Urbana . It is the flagship institution of the University of Illinois system and was founded in 1867 . The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is a member of the Association of American Universities and is classified as a R1 Doctoral Research University under the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education , which denotes the highest research activity . In fiscal year 2017 , research expenditures at Illinois totaled $ 642 million . The campus library system possesses the second-largest university library in the United States by holdings after Harvard University . The university also hosts the National Center for Supercomputing Applications ( NCSA ) and is home to the fastest supercomputer on a university campus . The university contains 16 schools and colleges and offers more than 150 undergraduate and over 100 graduate programs of study . The university holds 651 buildings on 6,370 acres ( 2,578 ha ) and its annual operating budget in 2016 was over $ 2 billion . The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign also operates a Research Park home to innovation centers for over 90 start-up companies and multinational corporations , including Abbott , AbbVie , Caterpillar , Capital One , Dow , State Farm , and Yahoo , among others . As of October 2018 [ update ] , 30 Nobel laureates , 2 Turing Award winners , and 1 Fields medalist have been affiliated with the university as alumni , faculty members , or researchers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_person_shooter", "text": "First-person shooter ( FPS ) is a video game genre centered on gun and other weapon-based combat in a first-person perspective ; that is , the player experiences the action through the eyes of the protagonist . The genre shares common traits with other shooter games , which in turn makes it fall under the heading action game . Since the genre 's inception , advanced 3D and pseudo-3D graphics have challenged hardware development , and multiplayer gaming has been integral . The first-person shooter genre has been traced as far back as Maze War , development of which began in 1973 , and 1974 's Spasim . Later , and after more playful titles like MIDI Maze in 1987 , the genre coalesced into a more violent form with 1992 's Wolfenstein 3D , which has been credited with creating the genre 's basic archetype upon which subsequent titles were based . One such title , and the progenitor of the genre 's wider mainstream acceptance and popularity , was Doom , one of the most influential games in this genre ; for some years , the term Doom clone was used to designate this genre due to Doom 's influence . Corridor shooter was another common name for the genre in its early years , since processing limitations of the era 's hardware meant that most of the action in the games had to take place in enclosed areas , such as in cramped spaces like corridors and tunnels . 1998 's Half-Life - along with its 2004 sequel Half-Life 2 - enhanced the narrative and puzzle elements . In 1999 , the Half-Life mod Counter-Strike was released and , together with Doom , is perhaps one of the most influential first-person shooters . GoldenEye 007 , released in 1997 , was a landmark first-person shooter for home consoles , while the Halo series heightened the console 's commercial and critical appeal as a platform for first-person shooter titles . In the 21st century , the first-person shooter is the most commercially viable video game genre , and in 2016 , shooters accounted for over 27% of all video game sales . Several first-person shooters have been popular games for esports and competitive gaming competitions as well ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Makallé", "text": "Makallé is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the General Donovan Department . The town is named after a battle at Mek'ele during the Italian invasion of Abyssinia in the 19th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Racine,_Wisconsin", "text": "Racine ( /rəˈsiːn/ rə-SEEN ) is a city in and the county seat of Racine County , Wisconsin , United States . It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Root River . Racine is located 22 miles south of Milwaukee and is part of the Greater Milwaukee Area . As of the 2010 U.S. census , the city had a population of 78,860 , making it the fifth-largest city in Wisconsin . Its median home price of $ 103,625 makes it one of the most affordable cities in Wisconsin to buy a home . In January 2017 , it was rated the most affordable place to live in the world by the Demographia International Housing Affordability survey . Racine is the headquarters of a number of industries , including J. I . Case heavy equipment , S. C. Johnson & Son cleaning and chemical products , Dremel Corporation , Reliance Controls Corporation time controls and transfer switches , Twin Disc , and Arthur B. Modine heat exchangers . The Mitchell & Lewis Company , a wagonmaker in the 19th century , began making motorcycles and automobiles as Mitchell-Lewis Motor Company at the start of the 20th century . Racine is also home to InSinkErator , manufacturers of the first garbage disposal . Racine was also historically home to the Horlicks malt factory , where malted milk balls were first developed , and the Western Publishing factory where Little Golden Books were printed . Prominent architects in Racine 's history include A. Arthur Guilbert and Edmund Bailey Funston , and the city is home to several works by Frank Lloyd Wright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashtar_(extraterrestrial_being)", "text": "Ashtar ( sometimes called Ashtar Sheran ) is the name given to an extraterrestrial being or group of beings which a number of people claim to have channeled . UFO contactee George Van Tassel was likely the first to claim to receive an Ashtar message , in 1952 . Since then many different claims about Ashtar have appeared in different contexts . The Ashtar movement is studied by academics as a prominent form of UFO religion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roland_Emmerich", "text": "Roland Emmerich ( German : [ ˈʁoːlant ˈɛməʁɪç ] ; born 10 November 1955 ) is a German film director , screenwriter , and producer , widely known for his disaster films . His films , most of which are English-language Hollywood productions , have made more than $ 3 billion worldwide , including just over $ 1 billion in the United States , making him the country 's 11th-highest-grossing director of all time . He began his work in the film industry by directing the film The Noah 's Ark Principle ( 1984 ) as part of his university thesis and also co-founded Centropolis Entertainment in 1985 with his sister . He is a collector of art and an active campaigner for the LGBT community , and is openly gay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_M._Gwin", "text": "William McKendree Gwin ( October 9 , 1805 - September 3 , 1885 ) was an American medical doctor and politician , serving in elected office in Mississippi and California . In California he shared the distinction , along with John C. Frémont , of being the state 's first US senators . Before , during , and after the Civil War , Gwin was well known in California ; Washington , DC ; and in the South as a determined Confederate sympathizer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southeastern_Conference", "text": "The Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) is an American college athletic conference whose member institutions are located primarily in the South Central and Southeastern United States . Its fourteen members include the flagship public universities of ten states , three additional public land grant universities , and one private research university . The conference is headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama . The SEC participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I in sports competitions ; for football , it is part of the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A . The SEC is regarded as one of the most accomplished sports conferences in terms of its winning reputation , with 43 national football championships , 21 basketball championships , 41 indoor track championships , 42 outdoor track championships , 24 swimming championships , 20 gymnastics championships , and 13 College World Series . The conference is also highly successful financially , as it consistently leads most others in revenue distribution to its members , including an SEC record $ 455.8 million for the 2014-15 fiscal year , which was a sizable increase over the $ 292.8 million for the 2013-14 fiscal year , largely due to the revenue from the introduction of the SEC Network . The SEC was also the first NCAA Division I conference to hold a championship game ( and award a subsequent title ) for college football and was one of the founding members of the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) . The current SEC commissioner is Greg Sankey . The conference sponsors team championships in nine men 's sports and twelve women 's sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alan_Brien", "text": "Alan Brien ( 12 March 1925 - 23 May 2008 ) was an English journalist best known for his novel Lenin . This took the form of a fictional diary charting Lenin 's life from the death of his father to shortly before his own demise in 1924 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KSPK-FM", "text": "KSPK-FM ( 102.3 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format . Licensed to Walsenburg , Colorado , United States , the station is currently owned by Mainstreet Broadcasting Company , Inc. and features its own programming . KSPK-FM is not affiliated with any mainstream broadcasting company , and touts itself as being one of the few locally owned and operated radio stations left in Southern Colorado . In addition to the main station , KSPK-FM is simulcast on KSBK 100.3FM in Alamosa and is carried on 4 translators :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Roslin,_Midlothian", "text": "Roslin ( formerly spelt Rosslyn or Roslyn ) is a village in Midlothian , Scotland , 7 miles ( 11 km ) to the south of the capital city Edinburgh . It stands on high ground , near the northwest bank of the river North Esk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Whitney_House", "text": "The David Whitney House is a historic mansion located at 4421 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit , Michigan . The building was constructed during the 1890s as a private residence . It was restored in 1986 and is now a restaurant . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado_Springs,_Colorado", "text": "Colorado Springs is a home rule municipality that is the largest city by area in Colorado as well as the county seat and the most populous municipality of El Paso County , Colorado , United States . It is in east central Colorado , on Fountain Creek , 60 miles ( 97 km ) south of Denver . At 6,035 feet ( 1,839 m ) the city stands over 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) above sea level , though some areas are significantly higher and lower . Colorado Springs is near the base of Pikes Peak , which rises 14,115 feet ( 4,302 m ) above sea level on the eastern edge of the Southern Rocky Mountains . The United States Air Force Academy opened just north of Colorado Springs in 1958 . The city is home to 24 national sports governing bodies , including the United States Olympic Committee , the United States Olympic Training Center , and USA Hockey . The city had an estimated population of 472,688 in 2018 , and a metro population of approximately 738,939 , making it Colorado 's second most populous city , behind Denver , and the 39th most populous city in the United States . The Colorado Springs , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 712,327 in 2016 . The city is in the Front Range Urban Corridor , an oblong region of urban population along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado and Wyoming , generally following Interstate 25 . The city covers 194.9 square miles ( 505 km2 ) , making it the most extensive municipality in Colorado . In 2017 and 2018 , Colorado Springs received several accolades . In 2018 U.S. News named it the most desirable place to live in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Web_Therapy_(TV_series)", "text": "Web Therapy is an American comedy series that premiered on Showtime on July 19 , 2011 . It is based on the web series of the same name and stars Lisa Kudrow as Fiona Wallice , a therapist who works with patients over the Internet . Web Therapy initially received mixed reviews from critics but has since received more positive reviews , with many critics praising Kudrow 's performance . On August 11 , 2015 , Showtime cancelled the series after four seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lawrence,_Kansas", "text": "Lawrence is the county seat of Douglas County and sixth-largest city in Kansas . It is in the northeastern sector of the state , astride Interstate 70 , between the Kansas and Wakarusa Rivers . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 87,643 ; by 2017 the estimated population had risen to 96,892 . Lawrence is a college town and the home to both the University of Kansas and Haskell Indian Nations University . Lawrence was founded by the New England Emigrant Aid Company ( NEEAC ) , and was named for Amos Adams Lawrence , a Republican abolitionist originally from Massachusetts , who offered financial aid and support for the settlement . Lawrence was central to the Bleeding Kansas period ( 1854-61 ) , and the site of the Wakarusa War ( 1855 ) and the Sacking of Lawrence ( 1856 ) . During the American Civil War it was also the site of the Lawrence massacre ( 1863 ) . Lawrence began as a center of free-state politics . Its economy diversified into many industries , including agriculture , manufacturing , and education , beginning with the founding of the University of Kansas in 1865 and Haskell Indian Nations University in 1884 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wales", "text": "Wales ( Welsh : Cymru [ ˈkəmri ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It is bordered by England to the east , the Irish Sea to the north and west , and the Bristol Channel to the south . It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of 20,779 km2 ( 8,023 sq mi ) . Wales has over 1,680 miles ( 2,700 km ) of coastline and is largely mountainous with its higher peaks in the north and central areas , including Snowdon ( Yr Wyddfa ) , its highest summit . The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable , maritime climate . Welsh national identity emerged among the Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century , and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations . Llywelyn ap Gruffudd 's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England 's conquest of Wales , though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to Wales in the early 15th century . The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 . Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century . Welsh Liberalism , exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George , was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party . Welsh national feeling grew over the century ; Plaid Cymru was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962 . Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998 , the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Dale", "text": "Richard Anthony Monsour ( May 4 , 1937 - March 16 , 2019 ) , known professionally as Dick Dale , was an American rock guitarist . He was a pioneer of surf music , drawing on Middle Eastern music scales and experimenting with reverberation . Dale was known as The King of the Surf Guitar , which was also the title of his second studio album . Dale worked closely with the manufacturer Fender to produce custom-made amplifiers including the first-ever 100-watt guitar amplifier . He pushed the limits of electric amplification technology , helping to develop equipment that was capable of producing a louder guitar sound without sacrificing reliability ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1980_in_athletics_(track_and_field)", "text": "This page contains an overview of the year 1980 in athletics . The major athletics event of the year was the 1980 Moscow Olympics . A boycott of this competition meant many of world 's leading athletes did not face each other , with many of the boycotting athletes taking part in the rival Liberty Bell Classic competition . A further global event , the 1980 World Championships in Athletics , was held specifically for women athletes in the 400 metres hurdles and 3000 metres disciplines , as neither event featured on the Olympic programme in spite of IAAF approval ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cibernético", "text": "Octavio López Arreola ( born April 12 , 1975 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler who is best known under the ring name Cibernético , best known for working for the Lucha Libre AAA World Wide ( AAA ) promotion in Mexico . During AAA 's short partnership with the World Wrestling Federation , he participated in the 1997 Royal Rumble and wrestled on Raw is War and WWF Shotgun Saturday Night , often teaming with Pierroth , Jr . He is a former AAA Mega Champion as well as a former three time Campeón de Campeones , the predecessor to the AAA world championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mitja_Petkovšek", "text": "Mitja Petkovšek ( born February 6 , 1977 in Ljubljana ) is a former Slovenian gymnast . Petkovšek is a specialist on parallel bars , where he is world champion ( 2005 , 2007 ) , World Cup Final champion ( 2000 , 2004 ) , and European champion ( 2000 , 2007 , 2008 ) . he has never won a medal at an Olympics , he has a total of 12 world championship , World Cup Finals , and European championship medals ( 7 of them Gold ) . He is married to Mojca Rode , Slovenian rhythmic gymnast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gente_De_Zona", "text": "Gente de Zona is a Cuban reggaeton band made up of musicians Alexander Delgado and Randy Malcom . In 2014 the band gained success with the help of Mario Proenza who helped the band record with Enrique Iglesias the song Bailando . This hit gave the band numerous prestigious awards like Latin Grammy and Latin Billboard Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastern_Kentucky_University", "text": "Eastern Kentucky University ( Eastern or EKU ) is a public university in Richmond , Kentucky . It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . It maintains branch campuses in Corbin , Hazard , Lancaster , and Manchester and offers more than 40 online undergraduate and graduate options ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nippon_Television", "text": "Nippon Television Network Corporation ( 日本テレビ放送網株式会社 , Nippon Terebi Hōsōmō Kabushiki-gaisha ) , doing business as Nippon TV ( 日本テレビ , Nihon Terebi , stylized as NIPP日N TV ) , is a television network based in the Shiodome area of Minato , Tokyo , Japan and is owned by The Yomiuri Shimbun Holdings , Japan 's largest media conglomerate . Broadcasting terrestrially across Japan , the network is sometimes contracted to Nittere ( 日テレ ) , and abbreviated as NTV or AX ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berkshire_Hathaway", "text": "Berkshire Hathaway is an American multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Omaha , Nebraska , United States . The company wholly owns GEICO , Duracell , Dairy Queen , BNSF , Lubrizol , Fruit of the Loom , Helzberg Diamonds , Long & Foster , FlightSafety International , Pampered Chef , Forest River and NetJets , and also owns 38.6% of Pilot Flying J ; 26.7% of the Kraft Heinz Company , and significant minority holdings in American Express ( 17.6% ) , Wells Fargo ( 9.9% ) , The Coca-Cola Company ( 9.4% ) , Bank of America ( 6.8% ) , and Apple ( 5.22% ) . Since 2016 , the company has acquired large holdings in the major US airline carriers , and is currently the largest shareholder in United Airlines and Delta Air Lines , and a top three shareholder in Southwest Airlines and American Airlines . Berkshire Hathaway has averaged an annual growth in book value of 19.0% to its shareholders since 1965 ( compared to 9.7% from the S & P 500 with dividends included for the same period ) , while employing large amounts of capital , and minimal debt . The company is known for its control and leadership by Warren Buffett , who serves as chairman and chief executive , and by Charlie Munger , the company 's vice-chairman . In the early part of his career at Berkshire , Buffett focused on long-term investments in publicly traded companies , but more recently he has more frequently bought whole companies . Berkshire now owns a diverse range of businesses including confectionery , retail , railroads , home furnishings , encyclopedias , manufacturers of vacuum cleaners , jewelry sales , manufacture and distribution of uniforms , and several regional electric and gas utilities . According to the Forbes Global 2000 list and formula , Berkshire Hathaway is the third largest public company in the world , the tenth largest conglomerate by revenue and the largest financial services company by revenue in the world . As of February 2020 , Berkshire 's Class B stock is the seventh-largest component of the S & P 500 Index ( which is based on free-float market capitalization ) and the company is famous for having the most expensive share price in history with Class A shares costing around $ 340,000 each . This is because there has never been a stock split in its Class A shares and Buffett stated in a 1984 letter to shareholders that he does not intend to split the stock ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohammad_Reza_Samadi", "text": "Mohammad Reza Samadi Kalkhoran ( Persian : محمدرضا صمدی کلخوران ; born 1 January 1971 ) is a retired amateur boxer from Iran , who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Super heavyweight ( +91 kg ) division and lost in the first round to Duncan Dokiwari of Nigeria . He is also a two time Asian Games silver medalist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oracle_JDeveloper", "text": "JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation . It offers features for development in Java , XML , SQL and PL/SQL , HTML , JavaScript , BPEL and PHP . JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding , debugging , optimization and profiling to deploying . With JDeveloper , Oracle has aimed to simplify application development by focusing on providing a visual and declarative approach to application development in addition to building an advanced coding-environment . Oracle JDeveloper integrates with the Oracle Application Development Framework ( Oracle ADF ) - an end-to-end Java EE-based framework that further simplifies application development . The core IDE exposes an API that other teams in Oracle use to build extensions to JDeveloper . BPEL , Portal , Business Intelligence and other components of the Oracle platform [ which ? ] all build their design-time tools on top of JDeveloper . The same IDE platform also serves as the basis of another Oracle product , SQL Developer , which Oracle Corporation promotes specifically to PL/SQL- and database-developers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ripper_(video_game)", "text": "Ripper is a 1996 interactive movie point-and-click adventure game developed and published by Take-Two Interactive for DOS and Macintosh . The game has a cast that includes celebrities such as Christopher Walken , Paul Giamatti , Karen Allen , Burgess Meredith ( in his final performance before his death the following year ) and John Rhys-Davies . It also featured the Blue Öyster Cult song ( Do n't Fear ) The Reaper . There is no definite canonical answer on who the villain of the game is , since this is decided by the game at random , out of four main characters . A limited number of the clues and puzzles , plus a single line of dialogue in the ending , change according to the villain 's identity . In 1996 home ports for the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation were announced , but both were eventually cancelled ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix-Mesa-Chandler,_AZ_MSA", "text": "The Phoenix Metropolitan Area - often referred to as the Valley of the Sun , the Salt River Valley , or Phoenix Metro - is a metropolitan area , centered on the city of Phoenix , that includes much of the central part of the U.S. state of Arizona . The United States Office of Management and Budget designates the area as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) , defining it as Maricopa and Pinal counties . As of the Census Bureau 's 2017 population estimates , Metro Phoenix had 4,737,270 residents , making it the 11th largest Metropolitan Area in the nation by population . The gross domestic product of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area was $ 242 billion in 2017 , 16th largest amongst metro areas in the United States . It is also one of the fastest-growing major metropolitan areas , gaining nearly 800,000 residents from 2010 to 2018 , and nearly 1.6 million since 2000 . The population of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area increased by 45.3% from 1990 through 2000 , compared to the average United States rate of 13.2% , helping to make Arizona the second fastest growing state in the nation in the 1990s ( the fastest was Nevada ) . The 2000 Census reported the population of the metropolitan area to be 3,251,876 . As for the 2010 Census , the two-county metropolitan area was reported to have a population of 4,192,887 . Metro Phoenix grew by 941,011 people from April 2000 to April 2010 , making it one of the fastest growing metro areas in the country . This also contributed to the entire state 's exceptional growth , as the area is home to just over two-thirds of Arizona 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_Woman", "text": "Minnesota Woman , also known as Pelican Rapids-Minnesota Woman , is the skeletal remains of a woman thought to be 8,000 years old . The bones were found near Pelican Rapids , Minnesota on June 16 , 1931 , during construction on U.S. Route 59 . The bones were brought to Dr. Albert Jenks at the University of Minnesota , who identified them as the bones of a woman who was 15 or 16 years old , but who had never borne children . The woman had two artifacts - a dagger made from an elk 's horn and a conch shell pendant . The conch shell came from a snail species known as Busycon perversa , which had previously only been known to exist in Florida . The road crew dug up the site without an investigation by archaeologists , so some of the exact details of the woman 's death were hard to determine . The site indicated that the woman had not been ritually buried , and there was a thin layer of broken clam or mussel shells over the body . This led to the hypothesis that the woman had drowned , either by breaking through the ice or by falling off a boat , and that her body had been covered in mud at the bottom of a glacial lake . Before 1926 , most scientists theorized that human beings had only appeared in America within the last couple of thousand years . The discovery of Minnesota Woman provided evidence that humans had been in America for many thousand years before that . Scientists now recognize the girl as someone whose ancestors were Paleo-Indian . Radiocarbon dating places the age of the bones approximately 8,000 years ago , approximately 7890 ±70 BP or near the beginning of the Archaic period in Minnesota ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meat_Loaf", "text": "Meat Loaf ( Michael Lee Aday , born Marvin Lee Aday , September 27 , 1947 ) is an American singer and actor . He is noted for his powerful , wide-ranging voice and for his theatrical live shows . Meat Loaf 's Bat Out of Hell trilogy of albums - Bat Out of Hell , Bat Out of Hell II : Back into Hell , and Bat Out of Hell III : The Monster Is Loose - has sold more than 50 million albums worldwide . More than 40 years after its release , Bat Out of Hell still sells an estimated 200,000 copies annually and stayed on the charts for over nine years , making it one of the best selling albums in history . After the commercial success of Bat Out of Hell and Bat Out of Hell II : Back Into Hell , and earning a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance for the song I 'd Do Anything for Love , Meat Loaf nevertheless experienced some difficulty establishing a steady career within the United States . This did not stop him from becoming one of the best-selling music artists of all time , with worldwide sales of more than 80 million records . The key to this success was his retention of iconic status and popularity in Europe , especially the United Kingdom , where he received the 1994 Brit Award for best-selling album and single , appeared in the 1997 film Spice World , and ranks 23rd for the number of weeks spent on the UK charts , as of 2006 . [ update ] He ranks 96th on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock . Sometimes credited as Meat Loaf Aday , he has also appeared in over 50 movies and television shows , sometimes as himself or as characters resembling his stage persona . His most notable film roles include Eddie in The Rocky Horror Picture Show ( 1975 ) , and Robert Bob Paulson in Fight Club ( 1999 ) . His early stage work included dual roles in the original cast of The Rocky Horror Show , and he was also in the musical Hair , both on- and off-Broadway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guangzhou_Metro_Line_3", "text": "Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro is a 67.3-kilometer ( 41.8 mi ) rapid transit line connecting Panyu Square to Tianhe Coach Terminal . The entire line , including all track and stations , is located in tunnels . Its 60.4 km ( 37.5 mi ) main branch , excluding the 6.9 km ( 4.3 mi ) branch between Tianhe Coach Terminal and Tiyu Xilu , is the longest continuous subway tunnel in the world , and the longest rail tunnel of any kind ( surpassing the Gotthard Base Tunnel in Switzerland ) . Line 3 is split into two sections , Shiqiao line ( main line , from Panyu Square to Tianhe Coach Terminal ) and Airport line ( northern branch , Tiyu Xilu to Airport North ) , and are branded with the colour orange ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ranulph_Glanville", "text": "Ranulph Glanville ( 13 June 1946 - 20 December 2014 ) was an Anglo-Irish cybernetician , design researcher , theorist , educator and multi-platform artist/designer/performer . He spent most of his career teaching at Portsmouth University , and was later professor of research in Innovation Design Engineering at the Royal College of Art , London , professor of research design in the Faculty of Architecture Catholic University of Leuven , Belgium , and adjunct professor of design research at Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University , Melbourne . He was known for his contributions in the field of design research , and cybernetics . Glanville maintained a small art practice including music , video , architecture , publishing , writing and installation/land art as well as design and architecture . He has organised international conferences , exhibitions and performances , as well as taking part in them . He was internationally regarded as a lecturer , keynote speaker and consultant . He held several other professorial posts in a variety of specialisms , at universities around the world . He was Vice-President of the American Society for Cybernetics for one term , from 2006 to 2009 , and President of the American Society for Cybernetics for two terms , from 2009 to 2014 inclusive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tchenguiz", "text": "Tchenguiz is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kyūshū", "text": "Kyushu ( 九州 , Kyūshū , pronounced [ kʲɯꜜːɕɯː ] ( listen ) ; literally Nine Provinces ) is the third largest island of Japan 's five main islands . Its alternative ancient names include Kyūkoku ( 九国 , Nine Countries ) , Chinzei ( 鎮西 , West of the Pacified Area ) , and Tsukushi-no-shima ( 筑紫島 , Island of Tsukushi ) . The historical regional name Saikaidō ( 西海道 , lit . West Sea Circuit ) referred to Kyushu and its surrounding islands . In the 8th-century Taihō Code reforms , Dazaifu was established as a special administrative term for the region . As of 2016 [ update ] , Kyushu has a population of 12,970,479 and covers 36,782 square kilometres ( 14,202 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Androni_Giocattoli–Sidermec", "text": "Androni Giocattoli-Sidermec ( UCI team code : ANS ) is an Italian-registered UCI Professional Continental cycling team that participates in road bicycle racing events on the UCI Continental Circuits and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events . Antonio Castano manages the team , with assistance from directeurs sportifs Giovanni Ellena , Gianni Savio , Didier Paindaveine and Marco Bellini . The main sponsors , Androni Giocattoli S.A. , are an Italian toy manufacturer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_countries_by_dietary_calorie_intake", "text": "Food consumption refers to the amount of food available for human consumption as estimated by the FAO Food Balance Sheets . However the actual food consumption may be lower than the quantity shown as food availability depending on the magnitude of wastage and losses of food in the household , e.g . during storage , in preparation and cooking , as plate-waste or quantities fed to domestic animals and pets , thrown or given away . According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , the average minimum daily energy requirement is about 1,800 kilocalories ( 7,500 kJ ) per person ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Professional_wrestling_match_types", "text": "Many types of wrestling matches , sometimes called concept or gimmick matches in the jargon of the business , are performed in professional wrestling . Some of them occur relatively frequently while others are developed so as to advance an angle and such match types are used rarely . Because of professional wrestling 's long history over decades , many things have been recycled ( many match types often being variations of previous match types ) . These match types can be organized into several loose groups ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GNU_arch", "text": "GNU arch software is a distributed revision control system that is part of the GNU Project and licensed under the GNU General Public License . It is used to keep track of the changes made to a source tree and to help programmers combine and otherwise manipulate changes made by multiple people or at different times . As of 2009 , GNU arch 's official status is deprecation , and only security fixes are applied . Bazaar ( or 'bzr ' ) has since also been made an official GNU project and can thus be considered the replacement for GNU arch . It is not a fork of arch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Namangan", "text": "Namangan ( also in Uzbek : Наманган ) is a city in eastern Uzbekistan . It is the administrative , economic , and cultural center of Namangan Region . Namangan is located in the northern edge of the Fergana Valley , less than 30 km from the Kyrgyzstan border . The city is served by Namangan Airport . Namangan has been an important craft and trade center in the Fergana Valley since the 17th century . Many factories were built in the city during Soviet times . During World War II , industrial production in Namangan increased fivefold compared with that of 1926-1927 . Currently , Namangan is mainly a center for light industry , especially in food . The officially registered population of the city was 475,700 in 2014 . Uzbeks are the largest ethnic group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zamboanga_del_Norte", "text": "Zamboanga del Norte ( Cebuano : Amihanang Zamboanga ; Subanon : Utara Sembwangan ) is a province in the Philippines situated within the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao . Its capital is Dipolog City and the province borders Zamboanga del Sur and Zamboanga Sibugay to the south , Misamis Occidental to the east , and the Sulu Sea to the west . Zamboanga del Norte is the largest province of the Zamboanga Peninsula region by land area covering 7,301.00 square kilometres ( 2,818.93 sq mi ) . Zamboanga del Norte is the 26th populous province in the Philippines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Paget_Thomson", "text": "Sir George Paget Thomson , FRS ( /ˈtɒmsən/ ; 3 May 1892 - 10 September 1975 ) was an English physicist and Nobel laureate in physics recognised for his discovery of the wave properties of the electron by electron diffraction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Johnson_(Kentucky)", "text": "James Johnson ( January 1 , 1774 - August 13 , 1826 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky , brother of Richard Mentor Johnson and John Telemachus Johnson and uncle of Robert Ward Johnson . Born in Orange County , Virginia , Johnson moved with his father to Kentucky in 1779 . He pursued preparatory studies . He was a member of the State senate in 1808 . He served as lieutenant colonel in the War of 1812 . Contractor for furnishing supplies to troops on the western frontier in 1819 and 1820 . ( See : Yellowstone expedition ) He served as presidential elector on the ticket of Monroe and Tompkins in 1820 . Johnson was elected as a Jacksonian to the Nineteenth Congress and served from March 4 , 1825 , until his death in Washington , D.C. , August 13 , 1826 . He was interred in the family cemetery , Great Crossings , Kentucky ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Devils_Elbow", "text": "Devils Elbow is the third album from The Mess Hall . The band 's second studio album was released on 27 October 2007 . It peaked at No . 2 on the ARIA Hitseekers Albums Chart . It provided a single , Keep Walking , earlier in the same month . The album won the Australian Music Prize in 2007 , an annual award for album of the year , as well as $ 25,000 prize money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natal_Air_Force_Base", "text": "Natal Air Force Base - BANT ( Portuguese : Base Aérea de Natal ) is a base of the Brazilian Air Force , located in Parnamirim , near Natal , Brazil . It shared some facilities with Augusto Severo International Airport until May 31 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CICS-FM", "text": "CICS-FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts at 91.7 FM in Sudbury , Ontario . The station airs a country music format , branded as Pure Country 91.7 . The studio and offices are located at 60 Elm Street , and the station transmits a 50,000 watt signal from the CBC tower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adam_van_Koeverden", "text": "Adam Joseph van Koeverden MP ( born January 29 , 1982 ) is a Canadian sprint kayaker and politician . He is an Olympic gold medallist in the K-1 500m category ( 2004 ) and a two-time world champion in K-1 500 ( 2007 ) and K-1 1000 ( 2011 ) , winning four Olympic and eight world championship medals . His home club is the Burloak Canoe Club in Oakville , Ontario . In the 2019 Canadian federal election , van Koeverden was elected to the Canadian House of Commons , representing the electoral district of Milton as a member of the Liberal Party of Canada caucus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fujian", "text": "Fújiàn ( 福建 ; alternately romanized as Fukien or Hokkien Province ) is a province on the southeast coast of mainland China . Fujian is bordered by Zhejiang to the north , Jiangxi to the west , Guangdong to the south , and the Taiwan Strait to the east . Its capital is Fuzhou , while its largest city by population is Xiamen , both located near the coast of the Taiwan Strait in the east of the province . The name Fujian came from the combination of Fuzhou and Jianzhou ( present Nanping ) , a city in Fujian , during the Tang dynasty . While its population is chiefly of ethnic Chinese origin , it is one of the most culturally and linguistically diverse provinces in China . Historically the dialects of the language group Min Chinese were most commonly spoken within the province , including the Hokkien dialects of southeastern Fujian . This is reflected in the abbreviation of the province 's name ( 閩 ) . Hakka Chinese is also spoken , by the Hakka people in Fujian . Min dialects and Hakka Chinese are unintelligible with Mandarin Chinese . Due to emigration , a sizable amount of the ethnic Chinese populations of Taiwan , Singapore , Malaysia , Indonesia and Philippines speak Southern Min ( or Hokkien ) . As a result of the Chinese Civil War , Historical Fujian is now divided between the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) and the Republic of China ( ROC , Taiwan ) , and both territories are named the Fujian province in their respective administration divisions . The majority of the territory of historical Fujian ( the mainland territory and a few islands ) currently make up the Fujian province of the PRC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Durkin_(soccer_coach)", "text": "Tom Durkin is an American soccer coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Artur_Gachinskiy", "text": "Artur Andreyevich Gachinski ( Russian : Артур Андреевич Гачинский ; born 13 August 1993 ) is a Russian figure skater . He is the 2011 World bronze medalist , the 2012 European silver medalist , the 2010 World Junior bronze medalist , and a two-time Russian national silver medalist ( 2011 , 2012 ) . He announced his retirement from competitive skating in December 2015 , citing injuries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Corner", "text": "The Corner is a 2000 HBO drama television miniseries based on the nonfiction book The Corner : A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood ( 1997 ) by David Simon and Ed Burns , and adapted for television by Simon and David Mills . It premiered on HBO in the United States on April 16 , 2000 and concluded its six-part run on May 21 , 2000 . The series was released on DVD on July 22 , 2003 . It won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries in 2000 . The Corner chronicles the life of a family living in poverty amid the open-air drug markets of West Baltimore . The corner is the junction of West Fayette Street and North Monroe Street ( U.S. Route 1 ) ( 39°17′22″N 76°38′49″W / 39.289372°N 76.646848°W / 39.289372 ; -76.646848 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gilberto_Santa_Rosa", "text": "Gilberto Santa Rosa , also known as El Caballero de la Salsa ( The Gentleman of Salsa ) ( born August 21 , 1962 ) , is a Puerto Rican bandleader and singer of salsa and bolero . He is a six time Grammy Award Winner and has sold over 3 million records in the United States and Puerto Rico . Santa Rosa also starred in a comedy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Car_rental", "text": "A car rental , hire car , or car hire agency is a company that rents automobiles for short periods of time , generally ranging from a few hours to a few weeks . It is often organised with numerous local branches ( which allow a user to return a vehicle to a different location ) , and primarily located near airports or busy city areas and often complemented by a website allowing online reservations . Car rental agencies primarily serve people who require a temporary vehicle , for example , those who do not own their own car , travelers who are out of town , or owners of damaged or destroyed vehicles who are awaiting repair or insurance compensation . Car rental agencies may also serve the self-moving industry needs , by renting vans or trucks , and in certain markets , other types of vehicles such as motorcycles or scooters may also be offered . Alongside the basic rental of a vehicle , car rental agencies typically also offer extra products such as insurance , global positioning system ( GPS ) navigation systems , entertainment systems , mobile phones , portable WiFi and child safety seats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Parkinson_(soccer)", "text": "Andrew Parkinson is a retired American soccer forward born in South Africa who spent time playing in both South Africa and England before immigrating to the U.S. where he played five seasons in the North American Soccer League , two in Major Indoor Soccer League and one in the American Soccer League . Parkinson earned two caps with the U.S. national team in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pokémon_Heroes", "text": "Pokémon Heroes : Latios and Latias [ a ] is a 2002 Japanese animated fantasy film , the fifth in the Pokémon series , and the last to feature the main cast from the first five seasons . Directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and produced by OLM , Inc. , the film stars the regular television cast of Rica Matsumoto , Yuji Ueda , Mayumi Iizuka , Megumi Hayashibara , Shin-ichiro Miki and Ikue Ōtani . The English adaptation was produced by 4Kids Entertainment and distributed by Miramax Films and saw a limited release in the United States on May 16 , 2003 , before being released to video and DVD in January 2004 . The English version stars the regular television cast of Veronica Taylor , Eric Stuart , Rachael Lillis and Maddie Blaustein . The events of the film take place during the fifth season of Pokémon : Master Quest . Pokémon Heroes focuses on the main characters , Ash , Misty and Brock , continuing their journey through the Johto region ; the main location of the film is based on Venice , Italy . The name given to the city in the film is Alto Mare , meaning high sea in the Italian language . Although it is part of the group 's adventure in Johto , the film takes place on an island off of the mainland . Optimum Home Entertainment re-released the movie on DVD in UK on May 9 , 2011 . StudioCanal released the film along with Pokémon 4Ever on Blu-ray in the UK as a double feature pack on April 2 , 2012 , just one day before Pokémon the Movie : Black - Victini and Reshiram and White - Victini and Zekrom came out on DVD on April 3 , 2012 . Echo Bridge Home Entertainment released the film on Blu-ray in the United States along with Pokémon : Destiny Deoxys on May 15 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Daudsu_Jamaluddin", "text": "Mohd Daudsu Bin Jamaludin ( born 18 March 1985 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Malaysia FAM League club D'AR Wanderers . Daudsu made his debut with the Malaysia national team in the 2010 World Cup qualifying Asian zone against Bahrain on 21 October 2007 at Bahrain National Stadium , Manama . On August 2007 , Daudsu was one of the pillars in Malaysia Under-23 team that won 2007 Merdeka Tournament . During the final Malaysia won 3-1 against Myanmar . In 2008 , during Samsung Chelsea Asia Tour 2008 Daudsu was selected to be in the Malaysia national team but did not play in that friendly match against Chelsea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monte_Azul_Paulista", "text": "Monte Azul Paulista is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil . The population is 19,304 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 263 km² . The elevation is 611 metres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kolda_Region", "text": "Kolda is a region of Senegal ( regional capitals have the same name as their respective regions ) . The region is also referred to historically and popularly as Haute Casamance . It 's one of the 14 regions of the country and is located in the South . It shares borders with Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , The Gambia and its fellow regions of Sédhiou and Tambacounda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Wattana", "text": "James Wattana ( Thai : เจมส์ วัฒนา ; born January 17 , 1970 , as วัฒนา ภู่โอบอ้อม Wattana Pu-Ob-Orm , then renamed รัชพล ภู่โอบอ้อม Ratchapol Pu-Ob-Orm in 2003 ) is a Thai professional snooker player who now competes in ranking tournaments with an invitational tour card . A professional between 1989 and 2008 , and again since 2009 , Wattana reached his highest ranking position - world number 3 - for the 1994/1995 season . He has won three ranking tournaments , the 1992 Strachan Open and the Thailand Open in 1994 and 1995 , and has finished as the runner-up in a further five ranking events . He twice reached the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship , in 1993 and 1997 . When he was defeated in the semi-finals in 1993 by Jimmy White , it was only Wattana 's second appearance in the final televised stages at the Crucible Theatre , his first being the previous year when he lost in the second round to the eventual winner Stephen Hendry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyresö_FF", "text": "Tyresö Fotbollsförening is a Swedish football club in Tyresö , a municipality in Stockholm County . The club was founded in 1971 and is primarily known for its main women 's team , which competed in the top-tier league Damallsvenskan in the 2010-2014 , 1993-1996 and 1999 seasons , winning the Swedish Championship in 2012. Notable players that have played for the team include the most capped footballer of all time Kristine Lilly , joint FIFA Female Player of the Century Michelle Akers and six time FIFA World Player of the Year Marta . Tyresö FF are affiliated to the Stockholms Fotbollförbund . In 2011 and 2012 , they finished runners-up in the Swedish Cup . In the 2012 season , Tyresö won Damallsvenskan title for the first time . The club reached the 2014 Champions League Final but experienced serious financial problems that year , with the club 's parent joint-stock company Tyresö Fotboll AB going bankrupt on 24 June 2014 . The team withdrew from the 2014-15 Champions League season , with Linköpings FC taking their spot . During the 2014 season , the team withdrew from Damallsvenskan , meaning they would be relegated to the fourth-tier league Division 2 . In 2017 the team started again in the third tier Division 1 . It reached mid table places in the next two seasons . The club has an associated men 's team who play in the lower categories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinle,_Arizona", "text": "Chinle ( Navajo : Chʼínílį́ ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Apache County , Arizona . The name in Navajo means flowing out and is a reference to the location where the water flows out of the Canyon de Chelly . The population was 4,518 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arvid_Knöppel", "text": "Arvid Knöppel ( 7 March 1867 - 7 March 1925 ) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics . In 1908 he won the gold medal in the team single-shot running deer event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Nintendo_Entertainment_System", "text": "The Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) , [ b ] also known as the Super NES [ c ] or Super Nintendo , [ d ] is a 16-bit home video game console developed by Nintendo that was released in 1990 in Japan and South Korea , [ citation needed ] 1991 in North America , 1992 in Europe and Australasia ( Oceania ) , and 1993 in South America . In Japan , the system is called the Super Famicom ( SFC ) . [ e ] In South Korea , it is known as the Super Comboy [ f ] and was distributed by Hyundai Electronics . The system was released in Brazil on August 30 , 1993 , by Playtronic . Although each version is essentially the same , several forms of regional lockout prevent the different cartridges from being compatible with one another . The SNES is Nintendo 's second programmable home console , following the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) . The console introduced advanced graphics and sound capabilities compared with other systems at the time . The system was designed to accommodate the ongoing development of a variety of enhancement chips integrated in game cartridges to be competitive into the next generation . The SNES was a global success , becoming the best-selling console of the 16-bit era after launching relatively late and facing intense competition from Sega 's Genesis console in North America and Europe . Overlapping the NES 's 61.9 million unit sales , the SNES remained popular well into the 32-bit era , with 49.1 million units sold worldwide by the time it was discontinued in 2003 . It continues to be popular among collectors and retro gamers , with new homebrew games and Nintendo 's emulated rereleases , such as on the Virtual Console , the Super NES Classic Edition , and Nintendo Switch Online ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Fox_(swimmer)", "text": "Jonathan Andrew Fox MBE ( born on 30 May 1991 ) is a British Paralympic swimmer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oklahoma", "text": "Oklahoma ( /ˌoʊkləˈhoʊmə/ ( listen ) ; Cherokee : ᎣᎦᎳᎰᎹ , ogalahoma ; Choctaw : Oklahumma ) is a state in the South Central region of the United States , bordered by the state of Texas on the south and west , Kansas on the north , Missouri on the northeast , Arkansas on the east , New Mexico on the west , and Colorado on the northwest . It is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States . Its residents are known as Oklahomans ( or colloquially , Okies ) , and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City . The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning red people . It is also known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State , in reference to the non-Native settlers who staked their claims on land before the official opening date of lands in the western Oklahoma Territory or before the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889 , which increased European-American settlement in the eastern Indian Territory . Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged into the State of Oklahoma when it became the 46th state to enter the union on November 16 , 1907 . With ancient mountain ranges , prairie , mesas , and eastern forests , most of Oklahoma lies in the Great Plains , Cross Timbers , and the U.S . Interior Highlands , all regions prone to severe weather . Oklahoma is on a confluence of three major American cultural regions and historically served as a route for cattle drives , a destination for Southern settlers , and a government-sanctioned territory for Native Americans . More than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma . A major producer of natural gas , oil , and agricultural products , Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation , energy , telecommunications , and biotechnology . Both Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma 's primary economic anchors , with nearly two-thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1945_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1945 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 13th season in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team finished the season with a record of 2-8 . This season marked the first and only season played with Jim Leonard as head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1971_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1970-71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League . Two new teams , the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks made their debuts and were both put into the East Division . The Chicago Black Hawks were moved to the West Division . The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup by beating the Black Hawks in seven games in the finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds are an American professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . They were a charter member of the American Association in 1882 and joined the NL in 1890 . The Reds played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993 , before joining the Central division in 1994 . They have won five World Series championships , nine NL pennants , one AA pennant , and 10 division titles . The team plays its home games at Great American Ball Park , which opened in 2003 replacing Riverfront Stadium . Bob Castellini has been chief executive officer since 2006 . From 1882 to 2019 , the Reds ' overall win-loss record is 10,599-10,393 ( a 0.505 winning percentage ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marco_Tulio", "text": "Marco Tulio Lopes Silva also known as Tula ( born February 28 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Lakes_Intercollegiate_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference ( GLIAC ) is a competitive collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA 's Division II . The GLIAC was founded in June 1972 . Member institutions are located in the midwestern United States in the States of Michigan , Wisconsin , Indiana , and Ohio , with affiliate members in Minnesota and Iowa . Charter members include Ferris State , Grand Valley State , Lake Superior State , Northwood , and Saginaw Valley State . Former members include Oakland ( 1972-1997 ) and Westminster ( 1997-2000 ) . Sponsorship of football was dropped by the GLIAC after the 1989 season . Conference schools sponsoring football joined with members of the Heartland Football Conference to form the Midwest Intercollegiate Football Conference ( MIFC ) , which began play in 1990 . The MIFC merged with the GLIAC in July 1999 and the GLIAC resumed sponsorship of football that fall . Tiffin University joined the GLIAC on July 1 , 2008 . Gannon University and Mercyhurst College left the GLIAC for the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference on July 1 , 2008 . July 1 , 2016 . Malone University left the GLIAC for the Great Midwest Athletic Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mariano_Scartezzini", "text": "Mariano Scartezzini ( born 7 November 1954 ) is a retired long-distance runner from Italy , who mainly competed in the men 's 3,000 metres Steeplechase event . He won seven medals , at senior level , at the International athletics competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Trews", "text": "The Trews are a Canadian hard rock band from Antigonish , Nova Scotia , consisting of vocalist Colin MacDonald , guitarist John-Angus MacDonald , bassist Jack Syperek , and drummer Chris Gormley . The band is currently based in Hamilton , Ontario . From their formation in 1997 to 2016 , The Trews were among the Top 150 selling Canadian artists in Canada and among the top 40 selling Canadian bands in Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennis_at_the_2016_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_singles", "text": "The women 's singles tennis tournament at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro was held at the Olympic Tennis Centre in the Barra Olympic Park in Barra da Tijuca in the west zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from 6 to 13 August 2016 . The draw for the event was conducted at 11 a.m. local time on Thursday , 4 August . Serena Williams was the defending gold medalist , but she lost in the third round to Elina Svitolina . Monica Puig won Puerto Rico 's first ever Olympic gold medal , defeating World No . 2 Angelique Kerber in the final , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-1 . Puig became the first unseeded female player to win the Olympic gold medal in tennis . The bronze medal was won by Petra Kvitová , who defeated Madison Keys in the bronze medal match 7-5 , 2-6 , 6-2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_María_Caffarel", "text": "José María Caffarel Fábregas ( 10 November 1919 - 6 November 1999 ) was a Spanish film actor . He appeared in more than 170 films between 1957 and 1998 . He was born in Barcelona and died in Madrid , Spain"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Roberts", "text": "Bob Roberts is a 1992 satirical mockumentary film written , directed by , and starring Tim Robbins . It depicts the rise of Robert Bob Roberts Jr. , a right-wing politician who is a candidate for an upcoming United States Senate election . Roberts is well financed , due mainly to past business dealings , and is well known for his music , which presents conservative ideas with gusto . The film is Robbins ' directorial debut , and is based on a short segment of the same title and featuring the same character that Robbins portrayed on Saturday Night Live ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chamber_of_Deputies_of_Romania", "text": "The Chamber of Deputies ( Romanian : Camera Deputaților ) is the lower house in Romania 's bicameral parliament . It has 329 seats to which deputies are elected by direct popular vote using party-list proportional representation to serve four-year terms . Additionally , the organisation of each national minority is entitled to a seat in the Chamber ( under the limitation that a national minority is to be represented by one organisation only ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harvard_Crimson", "text": "The Harvard Crimson are the athletic teams of Harvard University . The school 's teams compete in NCAA Division I . As of 2013 , there were 42 Division I intercollegiate varsity sports teams for women and men at Harvard , more than at any other NCAA Division I college in the country . Like the other Ivy League universities , Harvard does not offer athletic scholarships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mid-Eastern_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference ( MEAC ) is a collegiate athletic conference whose full members are historically black colleges and universities ( HBCUs ) in the Southeastern and the Mid-Atlantic United States . It participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I , and in football , in the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . Currently , the MEAC has automatic qualifying bids for NCAA postseason play in baseball ( since 1994 ) , men 's basketball ( since 1981 ) , women 's basketball ( since 1982 ) , football ( 1996-2015 ) , softball ( since 1995 ) , men and women 's tennis ( since 1998 ) , and volleyball ( since 1994 ) . Bowling was officially sanctioned as a MEAC governed sport in 1999 . Before that season , the MEAC was the first conference to secure NCAA sanctioning for women 's bowling by adopting the club sport prior to the 1996-97 school year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steve_Morrison_(American_football)", "text": "Steven Craig Morrison ( born December 28 , 1971 ) is a retired professional American football linebacker who played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) from 1995 to 1998 . He is currently the associate head coach/linebackers coach at Bowling Green Falcons football . He previously served as the linebackers coach for the Eastern Michigan Eagles football team , on the coaching staff at Western Michigan , and as the linebackers coach at Syracuse Orange football . Prior to these professional experiences , he had excelled in college football as an All-Big Ten Conference inside linebacker from 1990 to 1994 for the Michigan Wolverines , whom he served as captain . In high school , he had been a Detroit Free Press first-team All-State ( Michigan ) and second-team All-Midwest selection in football and an All-American in lacrosse . After retiring from professional football as a player , he gained his first two years of coaching experience as the defensive coordinator for Michigan High School Athletic Association football champion Brother Rice High School ( his high school alma mater ) . He then served as an assistant coach at the University of Michigan for three years . He then assumed a role as an assistant at Western Michigan University . At Western Michigan , he has served as the linebacker coach after spending a year as the defensive line coach . The 2009 Western Michigan Broncos season marked Morrison 's fifth season on the team 's staff , his fourth as linebacker coach and his second as defensive coordinator . He then went on to serve as the linebackers coach at Eastern Michigan and Syracuse . In 2019 , he was hired as the associate head coach/ linebackers coach at Bowling Green State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Department_of_the_Treasury", "text": "The Department of the Treasury ( USDT ) is an executive department and the treasury of the United States federal government . Established by an Act of Congress in 1789 to manage government revenue , the Treasury prints all paper currency and mints all coins in circulation through the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint , respectively ; collects all federal taxes through the Internal Revenue Service ; manages U.S. government debt instruments ; licenses and supervises banks and thrift institutions ; and advises the legislative and executive branches on matters of fiscal policy . [ citation needed ] The Department is administered by the Secretary of the Treasury , who is a member of the Cabinet . The Treasurer of the United States has limited statutory duties , but advises the Secretary on various matters such as coinage and currency production . Signatures of both officials appear on all Federal Reserve notes . The first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton , sworn into office on September 11 , 1789 . Hamilton was appointed by President George Washington on the recommendation of Robert Morris , Washington 's first choice for the position , who had declined the appointment . Hamilton established - almost singlehandedly - the nation 's early financial system and for several years was a major presence in Washington 's administration . [ citation needed ] His portrait appears on the obverse of the ten-dollar bill , while the Treasury Department building is depicted on the reverse . The current Secretary of the Treasury is Steven Mnuchin , who was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 13 , 2017 . Jovita Carranza , appointed on April 28 , 2017 , was the incumbent treasurer , until January 15 , 2020 , when she left the office . It is currently vacant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_Utah_Utes_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2015-16 Utah Runnin ' Utes men 's basketball team represented the University of Utah during the 2015-16 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . They played their home games at the Jon M. Huntsman Center in Salt Lake City as members of the Pac-12 Conference . The Utes were led by fifth year head coach Larry Krystkowiak . They the season 27-9 , 13-5 in Pac-12 play to finish in second place . They defeated USC and California to advance to the championship game of the Pac-12 Tournament where they lost to Oregon . They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament where they defeated Fresno State in the first round to advance to the second round where they lost to Gonzaga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blaublitz_Akita", "text": "Blaublitz Akita ( ブラウブリッツ秋田 , Burauburittsu Akita ) ( formerly TDK S.C. ) are a Japanese association football team based in Akita , Akita . In 2014 they entered the J3 League after previously playing in the Japan Football League , the third tier of the Japanese association football league system . Due to the club 's former ownership by TDK , most of players are the employees of TDK 's Akita factory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Haakon,_Crown_Prince_of_Norway", "text": "Haakon , Crown Prince of Norway ( Norwegian pronunciation : [ ˈhòːkʊn ] ; Haakon Magnus ; born 20 July 1973 ) is the only son of King Harald V and Queen Sonja , and heir apparent to the throne of Norway . In 2001 , Haakon married Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby with whom he has two children . He has an older sister , Princess Märtha Louise . In accordance with Norway 's agnatic primogeniture succession , Haakon became crown prince when his father ascended the throne in 1991 . The Skaugum Estate , situated in the area of Semsvannet , is the official residence of the Crown Prince and Crown Princess ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burt_Hooton", "text": "Burt Carlton Hooton ( born February 7 , 1950 ) , nicknamed Happy , is an American former right-handed starting pitcher and former coach in Major League Baseball . He won 151 games over a 15-year career , mostly with the Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Dodgers . Hooton 's career began auspiciously with a no-hitter in his fourth major league game for the Cubs , but he gained perhaps his widest recognition for his several playoff performances with the Dodgers . His only All-Star appearance was in 1981 , when he also was named the NLCS Most Valuable Player on the way to helping the Dodgers to a World Series championship with four postseason wins in five appearances . He was pitching coach of the Fort Wayne TinCaps , the Class-A affiliate of the San Diego Padres from 2013-2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greg_Ranjitsingh", "text": "Gregory Nicholas Ranjitsingh ( born 18 July 1993 ) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Minnesota United in MLS . Born in Canada , Ranjitsingh has been called up to represent Trinidad and Tobago internationally although he remains uncapped . Ranjitsingh spent four years with Mercer University before joining Louisville City in March 2015 . In August 2016 , he became the first Louisville player to be called up for international play after the Trinidad and Tobago national team selected him for 2018 World Cup qualification ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_LifeStyle_Channel", "text": "Lifestyle ( formerly known as The LifeStyle Channel ) is an Australian television channel . The channel launched on 1 September 1997 . The channel has an emphasis on contemporary lifestyle interests . Its programming covers topics including food and wine , home and garden , real estate , shopping , leisure , travel and real life drama . Every Friday , articles , videos , etc. , are published with new content and information regarded these topics . Lifestyle has three subsidiary channels : Lifestyle Food , a channel dedicated to food and cooking , Lifestyle You , which is dedicated to fashion , health , makeover and wellbeing and Lifestyle Home which is dedicated to DIY and garden advice . Lifestyle also broadcasts other programs ranging from food , wine , home design , gardening , leisure , travel , and real life drama On 1 March 2011 a HD simulcast of Lifestyle launched on Austar and Foxtel on channel 216 . On 19 September 2016 , Lifestyle refreshed its look which included a new logo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myanmar", "text": "Myanmar ( English pronunciation below ; Burmese : မြန်မာ , [ mjəmà ] ) [ nb 1 ] or Burma ( see §Etymology ) , officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar [ nb 2 ] , is a country in Southeast Asia . Myanmar is bordered by Bangladesh and India to its northwest , China to its northeast , Laos and Thailand to its east and southeast , and the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal to its south and southwest . With a size of 676,578 square kilometres ( 261,228 square miles ) , Myanmar is the largest of the Mainland Southeast Asian states by area . As of 2017 , the population is about 54 million . Its capital city is Naypyidaw , and its largest city is Yangon ( Rangoon ) . Myanmar has been a member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) since 1997 . Early civilisations in Myanmar included the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu city-states in Upper Burma and the Mon kingdoms in Lower Burma . In the 9th century , the Bamar people entered the upper Irrawaddy valley and , following the establishment of the Pagan Kingdom in the 1050s , the Burmese language , culture and Theravada Buddhism slowly became dominant in the country . The Pagan Kingdom fell due to the Mongol invasions and several warring states emerged . In the 16th century , reunified by the Taungoo dynasty , the country was for a brief period the largest empire in the history of Mainland Southeast Asia . The early 19th century Konbaung dynasty ruled over an area that included modern Myanmar and briefly controlled Manipur and Assam as well . The British East India Company seized control of the administration of Myanmar after three Anglo-Burmese Wars in the 19th century and the country became a British colony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KATC-FM", "text": "KATC-FM ( 95.1 MHz ) is a commercial radio station in Colorado Springs , Colorado . The station has been broadcasting a Country music format since 2006 and its on-air moniker is Nash FM 95.1 . The station is owned and operated by Cumulus Media , with its studios and offices on Commerce Drive . Its transmitter is located near Cheyenne Mountain State Park . Programming is also heard on 30 watt translator station K285EE at 104.9 MHz in Canon City , Colorado . KATC-FM features locally hosted country music shows on weekdays . After dark , it carries two national Nash FM shows , Nash Nights with Shawn Parr in the evening and The Blair Garner Show overnight . Both are syndicated by co-owned Westwood One ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WYPV", "text": "WYPV is an FM radio station at 94.5 MHz based in Mackinaw City , Michigan , which airs an adult contemporary format . Programming is simulcasted on 106.3 WWMN in Thompsonville , Michigan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Burgess", "text": "John Anthony Burgess Wilson , FRSL ( /ˈbɜːrdʒəs/ ; 25 February 1917 - 22 November 1993 ) , who published under the name Anthony Burgess , was an English writer and composer . Although Burgess was predominantly a comic writer , his dystopian satire A Clockwork Orange remains his best-known novel . In 1971 , it was adapted into a highly controversial film by Stanley Kubrick , which Burgess said was chiefly responsible for the popularity of the book . Burgess produced numerous other novels , including the Enderby quartet , and Earthly Powers . He wrote librettos and screenplays , including the 1977 TV mini-series Jesus of Nazareth . He worked as a literary critic for several publications , including The Observer and The Guardian , and wrote studies of classic writers , notably James Joyce . A versatile linguist , Burgess lectured in phonetics , and translated Cyrano de Bergerac , Oedipus Rex , and the opera Carmen , among others . Burgess also composed over 250 musical works ; he considered himself as much a composer as an author , although he enjoyed considerably more success in writing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tankerness", "text": "Tankerness is a district in the St Andrews parish in Mainland , Orkney , Scotland . Essentially a peninsula , it is about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south-east of Kirkwall and 1 kilometre ( 0.6 mi ) east of Kirkwall Airport . The origin of the place name is uncertain , but it may derive from the Norse personal name Tannskári . A ness is a promontory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Longthorpe,_Peterborough", "text": "Longthorpe is a village in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , in the United Kingdom . Located two miles ( 3.2 km ) west from the city centre , the area covers 1,390 acres ( 560 hectares ) . For electoral purposes it forms part of Peterborough West ward . A 1st century Roman fort was established at Longthorpe , it may have been as early as around AD 44-48 but was certainly present by 61-62 . The first phase covered 27 acres ( 11 ha ) , this was later replaced by another fort measuring 11 acres ( 4.5 ha ) . The ecclesiastical parish was formed in 1850 from the parish of Saint John the Baptist . The church of Saint Botolph is a plain building of coarse rubble , dating from the 13th century , consisting of chancel , nave , aisles and a western bell cote , containing one bell . In the chancel is a piscina and aumbry , two other brackets and a piscina are in the south aisle and two brackets in the north aisle . The church was restored in 1869 and will seat about 200 persons . The register dates from the year 1837 ; the earlier register is included in that of St. John the Baptist , Peterborough . Objections to controversial works were raised by the Victorian Society , Historic England and the Twentieth Century Society in 2017 . Oliver St John , a Lord Chief Justice who supported Parliament in the civil war , bought the lease of the manor of Longthorpe and built Thorpe Hall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yukio_Endo", "text": "Yukio Endo ( 遠藤 幸雄 , Endō Yukio , January 18 , 1937 - March 25 , 2009 ) was a Japanese artistic gymnast , Olympic champion and world champion . He was part of the first Japanese team that succeeded to win gold medals in the team event at the Summer Olympics ( 1960 ) and World Championships ( 1962 ) . In 1964 he won the first individual all-around Olympic gold medal for Japan . He was the flag bearer at the 1968 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carnforth", "text": "Carnforth is a small town and civil parish near Lancaster in the north of Lancashire , England , situated at the north east end of Morecambe Bay . The parish of Carnforth had a population of 5,350 recorded in the 2001 census , and forms part of the City of Lancaster . The 2011 Census measured a population of 5,560 . Due to the closeness of the coast and the hills , Carnforth is a popular base for walkers and cyclists exploring the area . The River Keer , the West Coast Main Line ( WCML ) , the A6 and the Lancaster Canal pass through the town . The M6 motorway passes just to the east , linked to Carnforth by the A601 ( M ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Busan", "text": "Busan ( Korean pronunciation : [ pusan ] ) , formerly romanized as Pusan and now officially Busan Metropolitan City , is South Korea 's second most-populous city after Seoul , with a population of over 3.5 million inhabitants . It is the economic , cultural and educational center of southeastern South Korea , with its port - Korea 's busiest and the fifth-busiest in the world [ a ] - only about 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from the Japanese islands of Kyushu and Honshu . The surrounding Southeast Economic Zone ( including Ulsan and South Gyeongsang ) is South Korea 's largest industrial area . Busan is divided into 15 major administrative districts and a single county , together housing a population of approximately 3.6 million . The full metropolitan area , the Southeastern Maritime Industrial Region , has a population of approximately 8 million . The most densely built-up areas of the city are situated in a number of narrow valleys between the Nakdong and the Suyeong Rivers , with mountains separating most of the districts . The Nakdong is Korea 's longest river and Busan 's Haeundae Beach is also the country 's largest . Busan is a center for international conventions , hosting APEC in 2005 . It is also a center for sports tournaments in Korea , having hosted the 2002 Asian Games and FIFA World Cup . It is home to the world 's largest department store , the Shinsegae Centum City . Busan was added to the UNESCO Creative Cities Network as a City of Film in December 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rent_(albums)", "text": "Rent ( Original Broadway Cast Recording ) is an album of music from the Tony Award- and Pulitzer Prize-winning musical Rent . It is produced by DreamWorks with music and lyrics by Jonathan Larson . The album is a 2-disc ( in its CD format ) collection of every song from the musical ; some small segments of narration and spoken dialogue from the play are not included in the recording . The collection ends with a studio-recorded rearrangement of the song Seasons of Love featuring Stevie Wonder . The album was recorded by the original Broadway cast of RENT and was released on August 27 , 1996 . A second one-disc album was released in 1999 containing highlights from the original cast album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpha_(2019_film)", "text": "Alpha is a 2019 Bangladeshi film starring Alamgir Kabir , Doyel Mash and ATM Shamsuzzaman in lead roles . It is the third direction of Nasiruddin Yousuff . The film was released on 26 April 2019 . It is the submission of Bangladesh to the 92nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , but it was not nominated ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Croatia", "text": "Croatia ( /kroʊˈeɪʃə/ ( listen ) , kroh-AY-shə ; Croatian : Hrvatska , pronounced [ xř̩ʋaːtskaː ] ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Croatian : Republika Hrvatska , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ d ] is a country in Southeast Europe . It borders Slovenia to the northwest , Hungary to the northeast , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Montenegro to the southeast , sharing a maritime border with Italy . Its capital , Zagreb , forms one of the country 's primary subdivisions , along with twenty counties . Croatia has an area of 56,594 square kilometres ( 21,851 square miles ) and a population of 4.28 million , most of whom are Roman Catholics . Croatia has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Age . The Croats arrived in the area in the 6th century and organised the territory into two duchies by the 9th century . Croatia was first internationally recognized as an independent state on 7 June 879 during the reign of duke Branimir . Tomislav became the first king by 925 , elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom , which retained its sovereignty for nearly two centuries . During the succession crisis after the Trpimirović dynasty ended , Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102 . In 1527 , faced with Ottoman conquest , the Croatian Parliament elected Ferdinand I of Austria to the Croatian throne . In October 1918 , in the final days of World War I , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , independent from Austria-Hungary , was proclaimed in Zagreb , and in December 1918 it was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) . Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , most of the Croatian territory was incorporated into a Nazi-backed client-state , the Independent State of Croatia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Isle_Studios", "text": "Black Isle Studios was a division of the developer and publisher Interplay Entertainment that developed role-playing video games . It also published several games from other developers . Black Isle was based in Irvine , California . The division was formed in 1996 , adopting the name Black Isle Studios in 1998 . The idea for the division 's name came from the Black Isle in Scotland - founder Feargus Urquhart 's ancestral country . Black Isle Studios is most famous for working on the first two games in the popular and influential Fallout series as well as the critically acclaimed Planescape : Torment . They also achieved success with the Icewind Dale and Baldur 's Gate series of role-playing video games , though they only published the Baldur 's Gate series . In 1999 , IGN 's RPG Vault gave it the award for a Developer Of The Year . The company was closed in late 2003 , when Interplay went bankrupt . Interplay revived the Black Isle name in August 2012 with the intention of producing new role-playing games under that label . Black Isle ceased to exist once more , without having produced any new games , when Interplay sold off all of its video game assets and intellectual property in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Lebanon_Methodist_Episcopal_Church", "text": "Mount Lebanon Methodist Episcopal Church , also known as Mount Lebanon United Methodist Church , is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at 850 Mount Lebanon Road in Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware . It was built in 1834 , and is a stuccoed stone structure in a Late Gothic Revival style . It measures 60 by 40 feet ( 18 by 12 m ) , and has a steep gable roof and frame vestibule added in 1873 . Adjacent to the church is a contributing cemetery containing approximately 150 tombstones dating from 1840 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aljaž_Pegan", "text": "Aljaž Pegan ( born June 2 , 1974 ) is a Slovenian gymnast . Pegan is a world and European champion on the horizontal bar , where he has a skill named after him . He also has an eponymous skill on the parallel bars . He has competed internationally since 1988 , but has not qualified for any Olympic Games due to IFG rules , which do not allow gymnasts to compete only on individual events . He was denied qualification to the 2008 Beijing Games when the wild card spot was awarded to a different gymnast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jake_Gardiner", "text": "Jake William Gardiner ( born July 4 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He has also played with for the Toronto Maple Leafs . He was drafted 17th overall by the Anaheim Ducks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine Skiing at the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of six alpine skiing events , held 13-19 February in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia . The men 's races were at Bjelašnica and the women 's at Jahorina . Due to weather delays ( a blizzard ) , both downhill races were postponed several days and run after the giant slalom races . This was the first Winter Olympics since 1936 which did not also serve as the world championships for alpine skiing . It was the last Olympic program with just six events for alpine skiing ; ten events were held in 1988 with the return of the combined event and the addition of Super G. Banned from competition at these Olympics by the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) were top World Cup racers Ingemar Stenmark of Sweden and Hanni Wenzel of Liechtenstein , both double gold medalists at the 1980 Winter Olympics and leading the World Cup in 1984 . They had accepted promotional payments directly , rather than through their national ski federations . Also absent was Marc Girardelli , who had not yet gained his citizenship from Luxembourg and was not allowed to compete for his native Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horatio_Luro", "text": "Horatio A. Luro ( February 27 , 1901 - December 16 , 1991 ) was a thoroughbred horse racing trainer in the United States . Luro was born in Argentina as one of nine children into the wealthy family of rancher and meat packer Adolfo Luro . The family had been involved for several generations with the lucrative business of polo horses , and Horatio Luro grew up as something of a playboy and maintained this lifestyle after moving to the United States . Well connected , he was friends with the social and business elite who could afford to be involved in the costly sport of thoroughbred racing . One of those elite was Canada 's E. P. Taylor ( 1901-1989 ) , chairman of a giant business conglomerate , the founder of the Jockey Club of Canada , and later the president of the National Thoroughbred Racing Association . Taylor hired Luro to run his Windfields Farm , a large breeding and racing operation with two farms in Ontario and another in Chesapeake City , Maryland . In a career that spanned 48 years from 1937 to 1984 , Luro trained 43 Stakes winners and 3 Champions . He won the 1962 Kentucky Derby with California-bred Decidedly and two years later won both the Derby and the Preakness Stakes with Northern Dancer , a horse who went on to be the 20th century 's greatest sire . Luro also trained three winners of the Canadian International Stakes : Eugenia II ( 1956 ) , Spinney ( 1957 ) , and One For All ( 1971 ) . While running Windfields Farm , Luro oversaw the breeding of Nijinsky II and from 1960 to 1969 won more races than any other breeding farm in North America . Luro trained three horses that won Canada 's most prestigious thoroughbred horse racing event , the Queen 's Plate . Luro basked in the publicity surrounding his racing success , associating with the rich and famous including Hollywood stars such as Bing Crosby while his dashing personality and good looks saw him dating some of society 's most glamorous women ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Zander", "text": "John Adolf Fredrik Zander ( 31 January 1890 - 9 June 1967 ) was a Swedish middle-distance runner who competed at the 1912 and 1920 Summer Olympics in the 1500 m and 3000 m events . In 1912 he finished seventh and tenth , respectively . Although his 3,000 m team placed second he did not receive a medal because only three best runners from a team were counted , while he was fourth . The 1916 Olympics were cancelled due to World War I . At the 1920 Games Zander failed to finish his 1500 m race . He helped Sweden to qualify for the final in the 3000 metre team race but he did not run in the final , in which Sweden won the bronze medal . Nationally Zander won 10 Swedish titles , in the 800 m ( 1912-13 ) , 1,500 m ( 1913 , 1915-18 ) , steeplechase ( 1915 ) and 5,000 m ( 1917-18 ) . He also won one mile race at the English AAA Championship ; 3,000 and 5,000 m events at the 1914 Baltic Games , and four events at the 1916 Swedish Games . He semi-retired in 1918 , and had a rib injury while preparing for the 1920 Olympics . During his career he set Swedish records in the 1,500 and 5,000 m and world records over 1,500 , 2,000 and 3,000 metres . In retirement he worked as an actuary for the Pension Board in Stockholm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Suraj_(1966_film)", "text": "Suraj ( lit . Sun ) is a 1966 swashbuckler Ruritanian romance Hindi film produced by S. Krishnamurthy and T. Govindarajan and directed by T. Prakash Rao . The film stars Vyjayanthimala and Rajendra Kumar in the lead with Ajit , Mumtaz , Johnny Walker , Lalita Pawar , Neetu Singh , Gajanan Jagirdar , David Abraham Cheulkar , Agha , Mukri , Mallika and Niranjan Sharma in the supporting roles . The film 's music was composed by Shankar Jaikishan , with the lyrics penned by Shailendra and Hasrat Jaipuri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sea", "text": "The sea , the world ocean or simply the ocean is the connected body of salty water that covers over 70% of Earth 's surface ( 361,132,000 square kilometres ( 139,434,000 sq mi ) , with a total volume of roughly 1,332,000,000 cubic kilometres ( 320,000,000 cu mi ) ) . It moderates Earth 's climate and has important roles in the water cycle , carbon cycle , and nitrogen cycle . It has been travelled and explored since ancient times , while the scientific study of the sea - oceanography - dates broadly from the voyages of Captain James Cook to explore the Pacific Ocean between 1768 and 1779 . The word sea is also used to denote smaller , partly landlocked sections of the ocean and certain large , entirely landlocked , saltwater lakes , such as the Caspian Sea and the Dead Sea . The most abundant solid dissolved in seawater is sodium chloride . The water also contains salts of magnesium , calcium , and potassium , amongst many other elements , some in minute concentrations . Salinity varies widely , being lower near the surface and the mouths of large rivers and higher in the depths of the ocean ; however , the relative proportions of dissolved salts varies little across the oceans . Winds blowing over the surface of the sea produce waves , which break when they enter shallow water . Winds also create surface currents through friction , setting up slow but stable circulations of water throughout the oceans . The directions of the circulation are governed by factors including the shapes of the continents and Earth 's rotation ( the Coriolis effect ) . Deep-sea currents , known as the global conveyor belt , carry cold water from near the poles to every ocean . Tides , the generally twice-daily rise and fall of sea levels , are caused by Earth 's rotation and the gravitational effects of the orbiting Moon and , to a lesser extent , of the Sun ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1977–78_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1977-78 Iraqi National League was the 4th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Al-Minaa won their first and only major trophy to date , winning the league without a single loss and becoming the first team from outside Baghdad to win the Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bat_Out_of_Hell", "text": "Bat Out of Hell is the debut studio album by American rock singer Meat Loaf , as well as his first collaboration with composer Jim Steinman and producer Todd Rundgren . The album was released on October 21 , 1977 on Cleveland International/Epic Records . Its musical style is influenced by Steinman 's appreciation of Richard Wagner , Phil Spector , Bruce Springsteen and The Who . Bat Out of Hell has spawned two Meat Loaf sequel albums : Bat Out of Hell II : Back into Hell and Bat Out of Hell III : The Monster Is Loose . Bat Out of Hell is one of the best-selling albums of all time , having sold over 43 million copies worldwide . It is certified 14x Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . As of June 2019 , it has spent 522 weeks in the UK Albums Chart , the second longest chart run by a studio album . Regarded as one of the most influential rock albums of all time , Bat Out of Hell 's songs have remained classic rock staples . Rolling Stone ranked it at number 343 on its list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time . A musical based on Bat Out of Hell , staged by Jay Scheib , opened at the Manchester Opera House on February 17 , 2017 , before transferring to the London Coliseum and Toronto , Canada 's Ed Mirvish Theatre in late 2017 . Since April 2 , 2018 , it has been running at the Dominion Theatre , London , with plans to run the show in parallel in Germany and in a tour of the United States in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kibuku_District", "text": "Kibuku District is a district in Eastern Uganda . It is named after its 'chief town ' , Kibuku , where the district headquarters are located ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emerson_(electoral_district)", "text": "Emerson is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It has existed since 1879 , when it was created by redistribution . It is located in the southeastern corner of the province . It is bordered to the north by Carman , Morris , Steinbach and La Verendrye , to the west by Pembina , to the east by the province of Ontario and to the south by the American state of North Dakota . The riding includes the communities/municipalities of Emerson , Altona , Dominion City , Rhineland , Gretna , Woodridge and St. Jean Baptiste . The riding 's population in 2008 was 20,370 . In 2011 , the average family income was $ 61,951 , and the unemployment rate was 2.9% . Agriculture accounts for 24% of the riding 's industry , followed by manufacturing at 16% . Over 27% of Emerson 's residents have less than a Grade Nine education . Emerson is an ethnically diverse riding , with only 51% of its residents listing English as their mother tongue . 26% of the riding 's residents list themselves as either German , French , Ukrainian , Polish or Mennonite , while a further 5% are aboriginal . The riding has generally been safe for the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba since 1969 , although the New Democratic Party of Manitoba ( NDP ) won it in 1973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skagen's_White_Lighthouse", "text": "Skagen 's White Lighthouse ( Danish : Det Hvide Fyr i Skagen ) is a historic lighthouse just north of the town of Skagen in the far north of Jutland , Denmark . It was operational from 1747 to 1858 when it was replaced by Skagen Lighthouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Desaad", "text": "DeSaad is a fictional comic book supervillain , appearing in books published by DC Comics . He is one of the followers of Darkseid from the planet of Apokolips in Jack Kirby 's Fourth World meta-series . As DeSaad serves as Darkseid 's master torturer , his name refers to Marquis de Sade . At one point DeSaad had an assistant named Justeen , a reference to de Sade 's novel Justine , although she bore little resemblance to the title character ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paper_Doll_(song)", "text": "Paper Doll was a hit song for The Mills Brothers . In the United States it held the number-one position on the Billboard singles chart for twelve weeks , from November 6 , 1943 , to January 22 , 1944 . The success of the song represented something of a revival for the group , after a few years of declining sales . It is one of the fewer than forty all-time singles to have sold 10 million ( or more ) physical copies worldwide . Harry Mills recalled that he and his brother Herbert did not initially like the song , although their brother Donald did . However , Harry said , as we went along rehearsing it , we got to feeling it . The song has been named one of the Songs of the Century and has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame . Many artists have recorded it , including Bing Crosby for his album Songs I Wish I Had Sung the First Time Around ( 1956 ) , Frank Sinatra for the album Come Swing with Me ! ( 1961 ) and Pat Boone for his album I 'll See You in My Dreams ( 1962 ) . In 1975 British comedians Don Estelle and Windsor Davies released a comedic version of the song . Davies and Estelle were actors in the successful sitcom It Ai n't Half Hot Mum . It reached number 41 in the UK Singles Chart in 1975 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_League_Live_4", "text": "Rugby League Live 4 is a video game developed by Big Ant and published by Tru Blu , part of the Rugby League video game series . The game was released on 28 July 2017 for consoles in Australia and was announced in conjunction with the NRL . It is available on Xbox One , PlayStation 4 and PC Steam , which was released on 13 September 2017 . The game is available in Australia , New Zealand , the UK and the U.S. , sporting different cover athletes similar to its predecessor , Rugby League Live 3 , released in September 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stephen_Hendry", "text": "Stephen Gordon Hendry MBE ( born 13 January 1969 ) is a Scottish former professional snooker player and current commentator for the BBC and ITV . One of the most successful players in the history of snooker , he has won snooker 's most prestigious tournament , the World Snooker Championship , a record seven times and holds the record for most seasons as world number one ( 9 ) . His first world title in 1990 , at the age of 21 , made him the youngest-ever World Champion , a record that he still holds . Hendry also won six Masters titles ( including five consecutively ) , and five UK Championship titles . His total of 18 Triple Crown tournament wins is surpassed only by O'Sullivan 's 19 . One of only three players to have won all three Triple Crown events in a single season , Hendry is the only player to have achieved the feat twice , in the 1989/1990 and 1995/1996 seasons . He shares the record for the most ranking titles ( 36 ) with Ronnie O'Sullivan . A prolific break builder , he recorded a total of 775 career century breaks , and made 11 officially-recognised maximum breaks in professional competition . He was awarded an MBE in 1994 , and voted BBC Scotland 's Sports Personality of the Year in 1987 and 1996 . In May 2012 , after featuring in his 27th consecutive World Championship , he announced his retirement from the game , bringing to an end his record 23 consecutive seasons in the top 16 of the world rankings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Standard_Liège", "text": "Royal Standard de Liège , commonly referred to as Standard Liège ( French : [ stɑ̃daʁ ljɛʒ ] ; Dutch : Standard Luik [ ˈstɑndɑrt ˈlœyk ] ; German : Standard Lüttich [ ˈstandaɐ̯t ˈlʏtɪç , ˈʃtan- ] ) , is a Belgian football club from the city of Liège . They are one of the most successful clubs in Belgium , having won the Belgian league on ten occasions , most recently in 2007-08 and 2008-09 . They have been in the top flight without interruption since 1921 , longer than any other Belgian side . They have also won eight Belgian Cups , and in 1981-82 they reached the final of the European Cup Winners ' Cup , which they lost 2-1 against Barcelona . Standard players are nicknamed les Rouches [ le ʁuʃ ] because of their red jerseys . The French word for red , rouge , when pronounced with a Liège accent , sounds like rouche ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palmas,_Tocantins", "text": "Palmas ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈpawmɐs ] , Palm trees ) is the capital and largest city in the state of Tocantins , Brazil , newly organized under the 1988 constitution . According to IBGE estimates from 2017 , the city had 286,787 inhabitants . Palmas is located at the state geographic centre at an average altitude of 230 m ( 755 ft ) . The city is located between these hills and the Tocantins River . In the east , Palmas is bordered by the Serra do Lajeado . Palmas has a metropolitan area with 471,639 inhabitants on the side of Palmas Lake . Palmas was founded in 1990 and developed from the ground up in a former agricultural area as the capital of the newest Brazilian state Tocantins . This was organized under the new 1988 Brazilian Constitution . It was intended to develop a relatively undeveloped area of the nation to provide better jobs for people . The city has a well-designed road system , and its urban zoning is modeled on that of Brasília , the capital . In Palmas a symmetrical park was developed at the city centre . The Federal University of Tocantins was established here in the late 20th century , at the time of other development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dmitry_Troitsky", "text": "Dmitry Troitsky is a Russian businessperson and co-owns O'KEY Group ( retail chain ) along with his partner Dmitry Korzhev . As of per Forbes list 2011 , he is the 1,140th richest person in the world and 94th richest person in Russia . Troitsky has net worth of $ 1.0 billion . He is a first generation entrepreneur and his wealth is self made ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Casale_F.B.C.", "text": "Casale Foot Ball Club A.S.D . ( formerly A.S. Casale Calcio ) is an Italian football club , based in Casale Monferrato , Piedmont . The club plays in Serie D. The team 's nickname nerostellati ( the starred-blacks ) refers to the teams colours of black with a white star on the heart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Smokey_Joe's_Cafe", "text": "Smokey Joe 's Cafe is a musical revue showcasing 39 pop standards , including rock and roll and rhythm and blues songs written by songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller . The Original Broadway cast recording , Smokey Joe 's Cafe : The Songs Of Leiber And Stoller , won a Grammy award in 1997 . After a Los Angeles tryout , the revue opened on Broadway in 1995 , running for 2,036 performances , making it the longest-running musical revue in Broadway history . It also had a London run in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Octagón", "text": "Juan Escalera ( born March 27 , 1961 ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado ( masked professional wrestler ) better known as Octagón . He is best known for working for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , having worked for the company since it was founded in 1992 . In 2011 he was inducted into the promotion 's Hall of Fame . Octagón formed a tag team with El Hijo Del Santo to take on Los Gringos Locos ( Eddie Guerrero and Art Barr ) in a double mask versus hair match on the first pay-per-view put on by a Mexican wrestling promotion to air in the United States . Over the years the Octagón gimmick has spawned a Mascot called Octagoncito and an Evil clone known as Pentagón . In 2014 , Escalera quit AAA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottawa_Senators", "text": "The Ottawa Senators ( French : Sénateurs d'Ottawa ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The Senators play their home games at the 18,652-seat Canadian Tire Centre , which opened in 1996 as the Palladium . Founded and established by Ottawa real estate developer Bruce Firestone , the team is the second NHL franchise to use the Ottawa Senators name . The original Ottawa Senators , founded in 1883 , had a famed history , winning 11 Stanley Cups , playing in the NHL from 1917 until 1934 . On December 6 , 1990 , after a two-year public campaign by Firestone , the NHL awarded a new franchise , which began play in the 1992-93 season . The current team owner is Eugene Melnyk , and in 2019 , the franchise was valued by Forbes magazine at $ 445 million . The Senators have won four division titles and , in 2003 , the Presidents ' Trophy ; and have once appeared in the Stanley Cup Finals ( 2007 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGLA-DT", "text": "KGLA-DT , virtual and UHF digital channel 42 , is a Telemundo-affiliated television station serving New Orleans , Louisiana , United States that is licensed to Hammond . The stations is owned by Mayavision , Inc. KGLA-DT 's studios are located on South I-10 Service Road West in Metairie , and its transmitter is located on Paris Road/Highway 47 ( northeast of Chalmette ) . On cable , the station is available on Cox Communications channel 16 , Charter Spectrum channel 21 , Comcast Xfinity channel 11 and AT & T U-verse channel 42 ; on satellite , KGLA is carried on DirecTV and Dish Network channel 42 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Omari_Tetradze", "text": "Omari Mikhaylovich Tetradze ( Russian : Омари Михайлович Тетрадзе , Georgian : ომარ თეთრაძე , Greek : Ομάρι Τετράντζε ; born 13 October 1969 as Omari Mikhaylovich Osipov ) is a professional football manager and a former player of Caucasus Greek descent who , during his playing career , represented Russia at international level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cochin_University_College_of_Engineering_Kuttanad", "text": "Campus at Kuttanad was established in 1999 under the aegis of the University . It is situated in a serene and beautiful 42-acre campus in Pulincunnoo , Kannady , Kuttanad , the rice bowl of Kerala in Alappuzha district . It offers B.Tech programs in Civil Engineering , Computer Science & Engineering , Electrical & Electronics Engineering , Electronics and Communication Engineering , Information Technology , Mechanical Engineering and M.C.A . Many of the faculty members have refined and sharpened their knowledge through rigorous research activities and published their findings in various national and international science and technical journals . The University raised the status of college to that of a Research Center in 2017 . There are 42 Research Scholars working for their PhD under nine research supervisors in the College . The faculty under which the PhD programs are offered are Faculty of Engineering , Faculty of Technology and Faculty of Social Sciences under the Cochin University of Science and Technology . The college is situated on the outskirts of Pulincunnu Panchayat , near the village of Kannady . The college attracts students from all parts of India , particularly from Kerala , Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , West Bengal , Jharkhand and Delhi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tusker_F.C.", "text": "The Tusker Football Club is a football club based in Nairobi , Kenya . It is the third most successful club in Kenya with eleven Kenyan league championships and four Kenyan cup wins . In addition , it has won four East African CECAFA Clubs Cup titles . Formed in 1969 , the club is sponsored by East African Breweries and its name refers to Tusker , a well-known beer brand by the company . The club was known as Kenya Breweries until 1999 , when the current name was adopted . Tusker play their home games at the Kinoru Stadium in Meru . Tusker is currently coached by Jordan Tusker . Riley Tusker is the assistant coach . Tucker F.C . played in the first ever match for the South Sudan national football team ; the match was an unofficial friendly . Tusker won the match 3-1 . Tusker won the 2016 Kenyan Premier League on November 6th , 2016 after beating AFC Leopards 1-0 thanks to a Shafik Batambuze strike in the 69th minute ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tutbury", "text": "Tutbury is a large village and civil parish of about 3,076 residents in the English county of Staffordshire . It is surrounded by the agricultural countryside of both Staffordshire and Derbyshire . The site has been inhabited for over 3,000 years , with Iron Age defensive ditches encircling the main defensive hill , upon which now stand ruins of a Norman castle . These ditches can be seen most clearly at the Park pale and at the top of the steep hills behind Park Lane . The name Tutbury probably derives from a Scandinavian settler and subsequent chief of the hill-fort , Totta , bury being a corruption of burh the Anglo-Saxon name for 'fortified place ' . It is 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Burton upon Trent and 20 miles ( 32 km ) south of the Peak District . Quarries near Tutbury once produced alabaster which was used in the carving of Nottingham Alabaster . Until 2006 , Tutbury Crystal , a manufacturer of high-quality cut glass products , was based in the village . However production was transferred to Stoke-on-Trent as the existing factory was very old and was thought to be too small for the modern company 's requirements . The old factory was demolished and flats were built on the site , but a factory shop still operates in the village . Despite this , the tourism trade survives thanks to the long and distinguished history of the Norman Priory Church and medieval Tutbury Castle where Mary , Queen of Scots , was once imprisoned ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chaudière-Appalaches", "text": "Chaudière-Appalaches ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ʃodjɛʁ apalaʃ ] ) is an administrative region in Quebec , Canada . It comprises most of what is historically known as the Beauce ( French : La Beauce ; compare with the electoral district of Beauce ) . It is named for the Chaudière River and the Appalachian Mountains . Chaudière-Appalaches has a population of 420,082 residents ( as of the Canada 2016 Census ) and a land area of 15,083.25 square kilometres ( 5,823.68 sq mi ) . The main cities are Lévis , Saint-Georges , Thetford Mines , Sainte-Marie and Montmagny ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Relay_race", "text": "A relay race is a racing competition where members of a team take turns completing parts of racecourse or performing a certain action . Relay races take the form of professional races and amateur games . Relay races are common in running , orienteering , swimming , cross-country skiing , biathlon , or ice skating ( usually with a baton in the fist ) . In the Olympic Games , there are several types of relay races that are part of track and field . Relay race , also called Relay , a track-and-field sport consisting of a set number of stages ( legs ) , usually four , each leg run by a different member of a team . The runner finishing one leg is usually required to pass on a baton to the next runner while both are running in a marked exchange zone . In most relays , team members cover equal distances : Olympic events for both men and women are the 400-metre ( 4 × 100-metre ) and 1,600-metre ( 4 × 400-metre ) relays . Some non-Olympic relays are held at distances of 800 m , 3,200 m , and 6,000 m. In the less frequently run medley relays , however , the athletes cover different distances in a prescribed order - as in a sprint medley of 200 , 200 , 400 , 800 metres or a distance medley of 1,200 , 400 , 800 , 1,600 metres"}
{"title": "/wiki/Empoli", "text": "Empoli ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈempoli ] ) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Florence , Tuscany , Italy , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Florence , to the south of the Arno in a plain formed by the river . The plain has been usable for agriculture since Roman times . The commune 's territory becomes hilly as it departs from the river . Empoli is on the main railway line from Florence to Pisa , and is the point of divergence of a line to Siena . Empoli has an enduring tradition as an agricultural centre . It has given its name to a local variety of artichoke ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alash_Orda", "text": "Alash Autonomy ( Kazakh : Алаш аутономиясы , Alash aýtonomııasy ; Russian : Алашская автономия Alashskaya avtonomiya ) was a Kazakh state that existed between December 13 , 1917 , and 1918 , on , approximately , the territory of the present-day Republic of Kazakhstan . The capital city was Semey , then known as Alash-qala . Vasile Balabanov was appointed governor and administrator of Kazakhstan ( at that time known as Russian Turkestan ) in 1905 and continued in that position until 1920 . He fled the Russian Red Army in 1920 , going to China . China at that time considered him the legitimate governor of Kazakhstan . The Alash Autonomy of 1917 was in name only . Kazakhstan was controlled by the anti-communist White Army and the appointed administrator , who was in control until the Red Army was able to take over in 1920 . The Alash Autonomy was proclaimed in December 1917 . Alash leaders established Alash Orda , a Kazakh government , which was aligned with the White Army and fought against the Bolsheviks . The first legislation of the Alash government of June 11-24 , 1918 is the following : Agreed to invalidate all decrees issued by the Soviet authorities on the territory of the autonomous Alash . Chairman of Alash-Orda : Bokeikhanov , Members : Tynyshpaev , Gabbasov . In 1919 , when the White forces were losing , Alash Autonomous government began negotiations with the Bolsheviks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belozersk", "text": "Belozersk ( Russian : Белозе́рск ) is a town and the administrative center of Belozersky District in Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the southern bank of Lake Beloye , from which it takes the name , 214 kilometers ( 133 mi ) northwest of Vologda , the administrative center of the oblast . Population : 9,616 ( 2010 Census ) ; 10,975 ( 2002 Census ) ; 12,352 ( 1989 Census ) . It was previously known as Beloozero ( until 1777 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netherlands", "text": "The Netherlands ( Dutch : Nederland , [ ˈneːdərlɑnt ] ( listen ) ) , informally Holland , is a country in Northwestern Europe with some overseas territories in the Caribbean . In Europe , it consists of 12 provinces that border Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , with maritime borders in the North Sea with those countries and the United Kingdom . Together with the Caribbean Netherlands - Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba - it forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . The official language is Dutch and a secondary official language in the province of Friesland is West Frisian . In the north and east of the country , Low Saxon is also spoken , and in the southeast , Limburgish . In the Caribbean Netherlands English and Papiamento are recognised languages . The five largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague , Utrecht and Eindhoven . Amsterdam is the country 's most populous city and nominal capital , while The Hague holds the seat of the States General , Cabinet and Supreme Court . The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest seaport in Europe , and the busiest in any country outside Asia . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the busiest airport in the Netherlands , and the third busiest in Europe . The country is a founding member of the EU , Eurozone , G10 , NATO , OECD and WTO , as well as a part of the Schengen Area and the trilateral Benelux Union . It hosts several intergovernmental organisations and international courts , many of which are centered in The Hague , which is consequently dubbed 'the world 's legal capital ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina", "text": "Bosnia and Herzegovina , [ a ] abbreviated BiH or B & H , [ b ] sometimes called Bosnia-Herzegovina and often known informally as Bosnia , is a country of South and Southeast Europe , located within the Balkans . Sarajevo is the capital and largest city . Bosnia and Herzegovina is an almost landlocked country - to the south it has a narrow coast on the Adriatic Sea , about 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) long and surrounding the town of Neum . It is bordered by Serbia to the east , Montenegro to the southeast , and Croatia surrounding north and southwest . In the central and eastern interior of the country the geography is mountainous , in the northwest moderately hilly , and the northeast predominantly flatland . The inland , Bosnia , is a geographically larger region and has a moderate continental climate , with hot summers and cold and snowy winters . The southern tip , Herzegovina , has a Mediterranean climate and mostly mountainous topography . Bosnia and Herzegovina traces permanent human settlement back to the Neolithic age , during and after which it was populated by several Illyrian and Celtic civilizations . Culturally , politically , and socially , the country has a rich history , having been first settled by the Slavic peoples that populate the area today from the 6th through to the 9th centuries . In the 12th century the Banate of Bosnia was established , which evolved into the Kingdom of Bosnia in the 14th century , after which it was annexed into the Ottoman Empire , under whose rule it remained from the mid-15th to the late 19th centuries . The Ottomans brought Islam to the region , and altered much of the cultural and social outlook of the country . This was followed by annexation into the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy , which lasted up until World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SBV_Vitesse", "text": "SBV Vitesse ( Stichting Betaald Voetbal Vitesse ) , widely known as Vitesse Arnhem , or simply as Vitesse ( ) , is a Dutch professional football club based in Arnhem ( Gelderland ) . Established on 14 May 1892 , Vitesse is one of the oldest professional football clubs in the Eredivisie . The club has enjoyed some success in the competition , has featured in the UEFA Cup competition and became the first Dutch football club to be owned by a foreigner when it was taken over by Georgian businessman Merab Zjordania in 2010 . Since 1998 , the club has played its home games at the GelreDome . Their best result in the Eredivisie was third place in 1997-98 . The club won the KNVB Cup in 2016-17 . Throughout the years , Vitesse established itself as a stepping stone for future world class players and coaches like Raimond van der Gouw , Philip Cocu , Roy Makaay , Sander Westerveld , Nikos Machlas , Henk ten Cate , Pierre van Hooijdonk , Mahamadou Diarra , Ronald Koeman , Nemanja Matić , Marco van Ginkel , Davy Pröpper , Wilfried Bony , Peter Bosz , Mason Mount and Martin Ødegaard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gene_Tierney", "text": "Gene Eliza Tierney ( November 19 , 1920 - November 6 , 1991 ) was an American film and stage actress . Acclaimed as a great beauty , she became established as a leading lady . Tierney was best known for her portrayal of the title character in the film Laura ( 1944 ) , and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Ellen Berent Harland in Leave Her to Heaven ( 1945 ) . Tierney 's other roles include Martha Strable Van Cleve in Heaven Can Wait ( 1943 ) , Isabel Bradley Maturin in The Razor 's Edge ( 1946 ) , Lucy Muir in The Ghost and Mrs. Muir ( 1947 ) , Ann Sutton in Whirlpool ( 1949 ) , Maggie Carleton McNulty in The Mating Season ( 1951 ) , and Anne Scott in The Left Hand of God ( 1955 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kiefer_Sutherland", "text": "Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland ( born 21 December 1966 ) is a Canadian actor , voice actor , producer , director , and singer-songwriter . He is known for his starring role as Jack Bauer in the Fox drama series 24 ( 2001-2010 , 2014 ) , for which he won an Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , and two Satellite Awards . He is the son of Canadian actors Donald Sutherland and Shirley Douglas , grandson of Canadian politician Tommy Douglas and the father of actress Sarah Sutherland . He has also starred as Martin Bohm in the Fox drama Touch , and provided the facial motion capture and English voices for Big Boss and Venom Snake in the video games Metal Gear Solid V : Ground Zeroes and Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain . He starred as President Tom Kirkman in the Netflix political drama series Designated Survivor . Sutherland got his first leading film role in the Canadian drama The Bay Boy ( 1984 ) , which earned him a Genie Award nomination . Since that time he has had a successful movie career , starring in films such as Stand by Me ( 1986 ) , The Lost Boys ( 1987 ) , Young Guns ( 1988 ) , Flatliners ( 1990 ) , A Few Good Men ( 1992 ) , The Three Musketeers ( 1993 ) , A Time to Kill ( 1996 ) , Dark City ( 1998 ) , Phone Booth ( 2002 ) , Melancholia ( 2011 ) , Pompeii ( 2014 ) and Flatliners ( 2017 ) . Sutherland has been inducted to the Hollywood Walk of Fame and to Canada 's Walk of Fame , and has received a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Zurich Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UCLA_Bruins_men's_basketball", "text": "The UCLA Bruins men 's basketball program represents the University of California , Los Angeles in the sport of men 's basketball as a member of the Pac-12 Conference . Established in 1919 , the program has won a record 11 NCAA titles . Coach John Wooden led the Bruins to 10 national titles in 12 seasons , from 1964 to 1975 , including seven straight from 1967 to 1973 . UCLA went undefeated a record four times ( 1964 , 1967 , 1972 , and 1973 ) . Coach Jim Harrick led the team to another NCAA title in 1995 . Former coach Ben Howland led UCLA to three consecutive Final Four appearances from 2006 to 2008 . As a member of the AAWU , Pacific-8 and then Pacific-10 , UCLA set a NCAA Division I record with 13 consecutive regular season conference titles between 1967 and 1979 which stood until passed by Kansas in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Redwood_Falls,_Minnesota", "text": "Redwood Falls is a city in Redwood County , located along the Redwood River near its confluence with the Minnesota River , in the U.S. state of Minnesota . The population was 5,254 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Georgia 's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Georgia . The district is currently represented by Democrat Hank Johnson , though the district 's boundaries have been redrawn following the 2010 census , which granted an additional congressional seat to Georgia . The first election using the new district boundaries ( listed below ) were the 2012 congressional elections . The newly drawn district retains its majority African American status and includes the cities of Conyers , Covington , Decatur , Lilburn , and Lithonia . A portion of the City of Snellville ( as well as unincorporated areas with the same address ) is also included in the district"}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_Branco,_Acre", "text": "Rio Branco ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈʁi.u ˈbɾɐ̃ku ] , White River ) is a Brazilian municipality , capital of the state of Acre . Located in the valley of the Acre River in northern Brazil , it is the most populous municipality in the state , with 407,319 inhabitants , according to the 2018 census , almost half the state population . Rio Branco was one of the first settlements to appear in the region , being the 4th oldest state capital city in the North of Brazil . In 1913 , it became a county . In 1920 , it became the capital of the territory of Acre , and in 1962 , the state capital . It is the administrative center for the economic , political and cultural region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kandahar", "text": "Kandahar ( /ˈkɑːnðəˌhɑːr/ ) or Qandahar ( Pashto : کندهار ; Dari : قندهار ; known in older literature as Candahar ) is a city located in Afghanistan , with a population of about 614,118 . Kandahar is located in the south of the country on the Arghandab River , at an elevation of 1,010 m ( 3,310 ft ) . It is the capital of Kandahar Province , and also the center of the larger cultural region called Loy Kandahar . In 1709 , Mirwais Hotak made the region an independent kingdom and turned Kandahar into the capital of the Hotak dynasty . In 1747 , Ahmad Shah Durrani , founder of the Durrani dynasty , made Kandahar the capital of the Afghan Empire . Kandahar is one of the most culturally significant cities of the Pashtuns and has been their traditional seat of power for more than 300 years . It is a major trading center for sheep , wool , cotton , silk , felt , food grains , fresh and dried fruit , and tobacco . The region produces fine fruits , especially pomegranates and grapes , and the city has plants for canning , drying , and packing fruit , and is a major source of marijuana and hashish en route to Tajikistan . The region around Kandahar is one of the oldest known human settlements . A major fortified city existed at the site of Kandahar , probably as early as c. 1000-750 BCE , and it became an important outpost of the Achaemenid ( Persian ) Empire in the 6th century BCE . Alexander the Great had laid-out the foundation of what is now Old Kandahar in the 4th century BC and gave it the Ancient Greek name Αλεξάνδρεια Aραχωσίας ( Alexandria of Arachosia ) . Many empires have long fought over the city due to its strategic location along the trade routes of southern , central and western Asia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pete_Murray_(DJ)", "text": "Peter Murray James , OBE ( born 19 September 1925 ) , known professionally as Pete Murray , is a British radio and television presenter and a stage and screen actor . His broadcasting career spanned over 50 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helen_Wills_Moody", "text": "Helen Newington Wills ( October 6 , 1905 - January 1 , 1998 ) , also known as Helen Wills Moody and Helen Wills Roark , was an American tennis player . She became famous around the world for holding the top position in women 's tennis for a total of nine years : 1927-33 , 1935 and 1938 . She won 31 Grand Slam tournament titles ( singles , women 's doubles , and mixed doubles ) during her career , including 19 singles titles . Wills was the first American woman athlete to become a global celebrity , making friends with royalty and film stars despite her preference for staying out of the limelight . She was admired for her graceful physique and for her fluid motion . She was part of a new tennis fashion , playing in knee-length pleated skirts rather than the longer ones of her predecessors . Unusually , she practiced against men to hone her craft , and she played a relentless game , wearing down her female opponents with power and accuracy . In 1933 she beat the 8th-ranked US male player in an exhibition match . Her record of eight wins at Wimbledon was not surpassed until 1990 when Martina Navratilova won nine . She was said to be arguably the most dominant tennis player of the 20th century , and has been called by some ( including Jack Kramer , Harry Hopman , Mercer Beasley , Don Budge , and AP News ) the greatest female player in history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stickin'_Around", "text": "Stickin ' Around is a Canadian animated children 's television series from Nelvana , which originally aired on YTV in Canada and on ABC in Australia in 1996 and Cartoon Network in 2002 . In Latin America , it was broadcast by Nickelodeon under the title Los Grafitos . In United Kingdom it aired on Nickelodeon in 1996 and Pop in 2004 . It was also broadcast on Disney Channel in Japan and TVNZ 2 in New Zealand . It was also aired in the United States on Fox Kids from 1997 to 1998 . Qubo aired it until January 2019 . However , all of the episodes are streaming on the official channel Retro Rerun on YouTube . The show , which originated as a series of 1-minute vignettes on CBS in 1994 , is about two children named Stacy and Bradley , their hand-drawn adventures with their friends and family , and their fantasies . Stacy and Bradley , best friends , encounter many problems they must face as they continue to grow up - if it is with school , bullies , friends , and parents . They always come up with imaginative ideas to eliminate these obstacles , such as becoming a superhero and putting themselves in a different environment where they have no trouble in defeating their enemies . According to Nelvana , it uses the advanced computer graphics of Boiler Paint , virtually convincing us that kids are creating their own animated series . The show won the Gemini Award for Best Animated Program or Series in the spring of 1998 , while being nominated once again during the fall of 1998 , for the Gemini of the same award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conservatory_and_Botanical_Garden_of_the_City_of_Geneva", "text": "The Conservatory and Botanical Garden of the city of Geneva ( Conservatoire et Jardin botaniques de la Ville de Genève ) is a museum and an institution of the City of Geneva ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Template:Tacoma_TV", "text": "Initial visibility : currently defaults to autocollapse To set this template 's initial visibility , the |state= parameter may be used :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Acre_(state)", "text": "Acre ( [ ˈakɾi ] ( listen ) ) is a state located in the northern region of Brazil . Located in the westernmost part of the country with a two hour time difference from Brasília , Acre is bordered clockwise by the Brazilian states of Amazonas to the north and northeast , Rondônia to the east , the Bolivian department of Pando to the southeast , and the Peruvian regions of Madre de Dios , Ucayali and Loreto to the south and west . It occupies an area of 152,581.4 km2 . Its capital and largest city is Rio Branco . Other important places include Cruzeiro do Sul , Sena Madureira , Tarauacá and Feijó . Intense extractive activity , which reached its height in the 20th century , attracted Brazilians from many regions to the state . From the mixture of sulista , southeastern Brazil , nordestino , and indigenous traditions arose a diverse cuisine , which unites sun-dried meat ( carne-de-sol ) with pirarucu , a typical fish of the region . Such dishes are seasoned with tucupi , a sauce made from manioc . Fluvial transport , concentrated on the Juruá and Moa rivers , in the western part of the state , and the Tarauacá and Envira Rivers in the northwest , is the principal form of transportation , especially between November and June , when rain leaves impassable the BR-364 , which connects Rio Branco to Cruzeiro do Sul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China_Station", "text": "The Commander-in-Chief , China Station was the admiral in command of what was usually known as the China Station , at once both a British Royal Navy naval formation and its admiral in command . It was created in 1865 and deactivated in 1941 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weston,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Weston is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated approximately 2 miles ( 3 km ) north-east from the town of Spalding . The Civil Parish also includes Weston Hills . The population of the civil parish including Austendike was at the 2011 census 2,054 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bathurst,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Bathurst /ˈbæθərst/ is a city in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia . It is about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) west-northwest of Sydney and is the seat of the Bathurst Regional Council . Bathurst is the oldest inland settlement in Australia and had a population of 36,801 at June 2018 . Bathurst is often referred to as the Gold Country as it was the site of the first gold discovery and where the first gold rush occurred in Australia . Bathurst is the second oldest inland city behind Goulburn as stated by historian Oscar Cunningham . Today education , tourism and manufacturing drive the economy . The internationally known racetrack Mount Panorama is a landmark of the city . Bathurst has a historic city centre with many ornate buildings remaining from the gold rush period of the mid to late 19th century . The median age of the city 's population is 35 years ; which is particularly young for a regional centre ( the state median is 38 ) , and is related to the large education sector in the community . Population growth has reached 1.6% per annum over the five years until 2010 , making Bathurst the seventh fastest growing regional city in New South Wales . This growth over recent years has resulted in increased urban development including retail precincts , sporting facilities , housing estates and expanding industrial areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria", "text": "Austria ( /ˈɒstriə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɔːs-/ ; German : Österreich [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯ç ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Austria ( German : Republik Österreich , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe . It is composed of nine federated states ( Bundesländer ) , one of which is Vienna , Austria 's capital and its largest city . It is bordered by Germany to the northwest , Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia to the northeast , Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 ( 32,386 sq mi ) and has a population of nearly 9 million people . While German is the country 's official language , many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects . Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy . In the 16th century , Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg - one of the most influential royal dynasties in history . As an archduchy , it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire . Early in the 19th century , Austria established its own empire , which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation but pursued its own course independently of the other German states . Following the Austro-Prussian War and the compromise with Hungary , the Dual Monarchy was established . Austria was involved in World War I under Emperor Franz Joseph following the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand , the presumptive successor to the Austro-Hungarian throne . After the defeat and the dissolution of the Monarchy , the Republic of German-Austria was proclaimed with the intent of the union with Germany , which eventually failed because of the Allied Powers and the state remained unrecognized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Banks_O'_Dee_F.C.", "text": "Banks O ' Dee Football Club are a Scottish football club from the city of Aberdeen . They currently play in the SJFA North Superleague . Their home ground is Spain Park , by the banks of the River Dee . In 2009 , Banks O ' Dee were among four clubs to apply for membership of the Highland Football League . Their application was unsuccessful . Notwithstanding their junior status , in 2014 the club became a full member of the Scottish Football Association and therefore competes in the Scottish Cup . The club co-managers are Sandy McNaughton and Tommy Forbes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennis_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_indoor_singles", "text": "The indoor women 's singles was one of six lawn tennis events on the Tennis at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_Season_Eight", "text": "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight is a comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics from 2007 to 2011 . The series serves as a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and follows the events of that show 's final televised season . It is produced by Joss Whedon , who wrote or co-wrote three of the series arcs and several one-shot stories . The series was followed by Season Nine in 2011 . The series was originally supposed to consist of about 25 issues , but eventually expanded to a 40-issue run . The series also spawned a handful of spin-off titles , including a Tales of the Vampires follow-up and one-shots focusing on Willow and Riley . The success of the series prompted IDW Publishing and Joss Whedon to publish a concurrent continuation of the Angel television series , titled Angel : After the Fall , and a Spike comic book series , which bridges some aspects of continuity between After the Fall and Season Eight . A motion comic version of the series debuted in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Ireland", "text": "Ireland ( Irish : Éire [ ˈeːɾʲə ] ( listen ) ) , also known as the Republic of Ireland ( Poblacht na hÉireann ) , is a country in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland . The capital and largest city is Dublin , which is located on the eastern side of the island . Around a third of the country 's population of 4.9 million people resides in the greater Dublin area . The sovereign state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland , a part of the United Kingdom . It is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the Celtic Sea to the south , St George 's Channel to the south-east , and the Irish Sea to the east . It is a unitary , parliamentary republic . The legislature , the Oireachtas , consists of a lower house , Dáil Éireann , an upper house , Seanad Éireann , and an elected President ( Uachtarán ) who serves as the largely ceremonial head of state , but with some important powers and duties . The head of government is the Taoiseach ( Prime Minister , literally 'Chief ' , a title not used in English ) , who is elected by the Dáil and appointed by the President ; the Taoiseach in turn appoints other government ministers . The state was created as the Irish Free State in 1922 as a result of the Anglo-Irish Treaty . It had the status of Dominion until 1937 when a new constitution was adopted , in which the state was named Ireland and effectively became a republic , with an elected non-executive president as head of state . It was officially declared a republic in 1949 , following the Republic of Ireland Act 1948 . Ireland became a member of the United Nations in December 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hoang_Quy_Phuoc", "text": "Hoàng Quý Phước ( born March 24 , 1993 ; living in Đà Nẵng ) is a male Vietnamese swimmer . He holds Vietnam 's records , and became the first swimmer to reach Olympic Selection Time at the Malaysian Swimming Championship 2011 . However , he failed to qualify for the Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Tugalo", "text": "Lake Tugalo is a 597-acre ( 2.42 km2 ) reservoir with 18 miles ( 29 km ) of shoreline located in the northeastern Georgia in Habersham and Rabun counties , but also lies partially in Oconee County , South Carolina . It is the fifth lake in a six-lake series created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power that follows the original course of the Tallulah River . The series starts upstream on the Tallulah River with Lake Burton followed by Lake Seed , Lake Rabun , Lake Tallulah Falls and Lake Tugalo , ending with Lake Yonah . The western arm of Lake Tugalo is filled by the Tallulah River and the eastern arm is filled by the Chattooga River . Georgia Power considers the lake full at a surface elevation of 891.5 feet ( 271.7 m ) . Lake Tugalo began filling in 1923 with the completion of the Tugalo Dam , a gravity concrete and masonry dam . The dam is 155 feet ( 47 m ) high and has a span of 740 feet ( 230 m ) . The Tugalo Hydroelectric Plant has a generation capacity of 45 megawatts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Paul's_College,_Virginia", "text": "Saint Paul 's College was a private , historically black college located in Lawrenceville , Virginia . Saint Paul 's College opened its doors on September 24 , 1888 , originally training students as teachers and for agricultural and industrial jobs . By the late 20th century , Saint Paul 's College offered undergraduate degrees for traditional college students and distant learning students in the Continuing Studies Program . The school also offered adult education to help assist working adults to gain undergraduate degrees . Saint Paul 's College had a Single Parent Support System Program that assisted single teen parents pursuing a college education . The college had long struggled with significant financial difficulties , culminating in a court conflict in 2012 with its regional accreditor , the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . Throughout the 2012-2013 school year , the college sought to merge with another institution , but on June 3 , 2013 , the board announced the college would close on June 30 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bobby_Borchering", "text": "The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Phoenix , Arizona . The Diamondbacks compete in the National League West division . Officially known as the First-Year Player Draft , the Rule 4 Draft is Major League Baseball 's primary mechanism for assigning amateur baseball players from high schools , colleges , and other amateur baseball clubs to its teams . The draft order is determined based on the previous season 's standings , with the team possessing the worst record receiving the first pick . In addition , teams which lost free agents in the previous off-season may be awarded compensatory or supplementary picks . Since the franchise first participated in the draft in 1996 , the Diamondbacks have selected 27 players in the first round . The First-Year Player Draft is unrelated to the 1997 expansion draft in which the Diamondbacks filled their roster . Of the 27 players picked in the first round by the Diamondbacks , 14 have been pitchers , the most of any position ; 10 of these have been right-handed , while 4 have been left-handed . Five players taken in the first round have been shortstops ; additionally , two players have been selected at each of first base , third base , catcher , and the outfield . No second baseman has been selected in the first round by the Diamondbacks . The Diamondbacks have drafted 16 players out of college , and 10 out of high school . Arizona has drafted seven players out of high schools or colleges in the state of California , with two being taken from each of Florida , Georgia , and their home state of Arizona ."}
{"title": "/wiki/50_State_Quarters", "text": "The 50 State quarters ( authorized by Pub.L . 105-124 , 111 Stat . 2534 , enacted December 1 , 1997 ) was a series circulating commemorative quarters released by the United States Mint . Minted from 1999 through 2008 , they featured unique designs for each of the 50 US states on the reverse . The 50 State Quarters Program was started to support a new generation of coin collectors , and it became the most successful numismatic program in history , with roughly half of the US population collecting the coins , either in a casual manner or as a serious pursuit . The US federal government so far has made additional profits of $ 3.0 billion from collectors taking the coins out of circulation . In 2009 , the US Mint began issuing quarters under the 2009 District of Columbia and US Territories Program . The Territories Quarter Program was authorized by the passage of a newer legislative act , H.R . 2764 . This program features the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico , American Samoa , Guam , the United States Virgin Islands , and the Northern Mariana Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Bruyère,_Belgium", "text": "La Bruyère ( French : [ la bʁɥi.jɛʁ ] ; Walloon : Les Brouwires ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Namur . It consists of the former municipalities of Émines , Rhisnes , Villers-lez-Heest , Warisoulx , Bovesse , Meux and Saint-Denis-Bovesse . The village of Rhisnes is the administrative centre of the municipality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Usa_Shrine", "text": "Usa Jingū ( 宇佐神宮 ) , also known as Usa Hachimangū ( 宇佐八幡宮 ) , is a Shinto shrine in the city of Usa in Ōita Prefecture in Japan . Emperor Ojin , who was deified as Hachiman-jin ( the tutelary god of warriors ) , is said to be enshrined in all the sites dedicated to him ; and the first and earliest of these was at Usa in the early 8th century . The Usa Jingū has long been the recipient of Imperial patronage ; and its prestige is considered second only to that of Ise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Plattenville,_Louisiana", "text": "Plattenville is an unincorporated community in Assumption Parish , Louisiana , United States . The population was 1,965 at the 2000 census . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Happy_Valley_Tianjin", "text": "Happy Valley Tianjin ( simplified Chinese : 天津欢乐谷 ; traditional Chinese : 天津歡樂谷 ; pinyin : Tiānjīn Huānlè Gŭ ) is a theme park in Dongli District , Tianjin , China . Opened on 27 July 2013 , it is the sixth installation of the Happy Valley theme park chain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hunger_strike", "text": "A hunger strike is a method of non-violent resistance or pressure in which participants fast as an act of political protest , or to provoke the feelings of guilt in others , usually with the objective to achieve a specific goal , such as a policy change . Most hunger strikers will take liquids but not solid food . In cases where an entity ( usually the state ) has or is able to obtain custody of the hunger striker ( such as a prisoner ) , the hunger strike is often terminated by the custodial entity through the use of force-feeding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Derwent_Valley_Mills", "text": "Derwent Valley Mills is a World Heritage Site along the River Derwent in Derbyshire , England , designated in December 2001 . It is administered by the Derwent Valley Mills Partnership . The modern factory , or 'mill ' , system was born here in the 18th century to accommodate the new technology for spinning cotton developed by Richard Arkwright . With advancements in technology , it became possible to produce cotton continuously . The system was adopted throughout the valley , and later spread so that by 1788 there were over 200 Arkwright-type mills in Britain . Arkwright 's inventions and system of organising labour was exported to Europe and the United States . Water-power was first introduced to England by John Lombe at his silk mill in Derby in 1719 , but it was Richard Arkwright who applied water-power to the process of producing cotton in the 1770s . His patent of a water frame allowed cotton to be spun continuously , meaning it could be produced by unskilled workers . Cromford Mill was the site of Arkwright 's first mill , with nearby Cromford village significantly expanded for his then-new workforce ; this system of production and workers ' housing was copied throughout the valley . To ensure the presence of a labour force , it was necessary to construct housing for the mill workers . Thus , new settlements were established by mill owners around the mills - sometimes developing a pre-existing community - with their own amenities such as schools , chapels , and markets . Most of the housing still exists and is still in use ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ball_State_Cardinals_football", "text": "The Ball State Cardinals football team is a college football program representing Ball State University in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) college football . Mike Neu is the current head coach . Ball State plays its home games on Scheumann Stadium on the campus of Ball State University in Muncie , Indiana . The Cardinals compete in the Mid-American Conference as a member of the West Division . The Cardinals have a 421-381-32 record , which ranks below the top 50 most victories among NCAA FBS programs . Ball State was originally classified as a teacher 's college , participating in the National Junior College Athletic Association ( NJCAA ) from 1937 until 1956 . In 1957 , they were classified as a Small College school until 1972 . Ball State received Division II classification in 1973 , before becoming a Division I-AA program in 1975 and a Division I-A ( now FBS ) program in 1981 , dropping to Division I-AA for a single season ( 1982 ) before returning to Division I-A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jarno_Trulli", "text": "Jarno Trulli ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈjarno ˈtrulli ] ; born 13 July 1974 ) is an Italian racing driver . He regularly competed in Formula One from 1997 to 2011 , driving for Minardi , Prost , Jordan , Renault , Toyota , Lotus Racing and Team Lotus . His best result in the World Drivers ' Championship was sixth place in 2004 ; this was also the year in which he scored the only win of his Formula One career at the 2004 Monaco Grand Prix . Throughout his Formula One career , Trulli was renowned for his skill in qualifying , regularly achieving far better grid positions than rivals with superior cars to his own . He was also known for his defensive driving style which allowed him to successfully hold off quicker drivers , sometimes for an entire race . The combination of being able to achieve high grid positions in comparatively slow cars and his ability to hold off faster drivers would often result in a line of vehicles forming behind him during a race , which was commonly referred to as the 'Trulli Train ' by commentators , fans and journalists . Trulli was slated to compete in the 2012 Formula One season , but retired before the season began . In 2014-15 he competed in the inaugural season of the FIA Formula E Championship , driving for Trulli GP , a team he founded himself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._245_Squadron_RAF", "text": "No . 245 Squadron was a squadron of the Royal Air Force . It flew as an anti-submarine squadron during World War I and as a fighter squadron during World War II . After the war it was first a jet-fighter squadron and its last role was as a radar-calibration unit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trevor_Hardy", "text": "Trevor Joseph Hardy ( 11 June 1945 - 25 September 2012 ) , also known as the Beast of Manchester , was a convicted English serial killer who murdered three teenage girls in the Manchester area between December 1974 and March 1976 . In 1977 , he was found guilty on three charges of murder and was sentenced to life imprisonment , remaining in prison until his death 35 years later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hippety_Hopper", "text": "Hippety Hopper is a young kangaroo cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes series of cartoons . Robert McKimson introduced Hippety Hopper in Hop , Look and Listen ( 1948 ) , which established the pattern for future Hippety Hopper cartoons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesse_Jackson", "text": "Jesse Louis Jackson Sr. ( né Burns ; born October 8 , 1941 ) is an American civil rights activist , Baptist minister , and politician . He was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1984 and 1988 and served as a shadow U.S . Senator for the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1997 . He is the founder of the organizations that merged to form Rainbow/PUSH . Former U.S. Representative Jesse Jackson Jr. is his eldest son . Jackson hosted Both Sides with Jesse Jackson on CNN from 1992 to 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1960_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1960 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 28th in the National Football League . They compiled a 5-6-1 record and a fifth-place finish under head coach Buddy Parker while playing their home games at Forbes Field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taliesin_Associated_Architects", "text": "Taliesin Associated Architects was an architectural firm founded by Frank Lloyd Wright to carry on his architectural vision after his death in 1959 . The firm disbanded in 2003 . It was headquartered at Taliesin West and had up to 14 principals who had all worked under Wright . One of their first major projects was the Rocky Mountain National Park Administration Building , part of Mission 66 for the National Park Service . Along with original work such as the Kaden Tower ( originally Lincoln Tower , Louisville , Kentucky , 1966 ) , the firm completed several of Wright 's unbuilt designs , and performed renovation and expansion , for instance at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix . The first managing principal was Wright 's protégé and son-in-law William Wesley Peters , until his death in 1991 . Other TAA architects included Charles Montooth and John Rattenbury ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vincent_Lee", "text": "Vincent Lee ( born September 8 , 1988 ) is a retired Malaysian defender who last played for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S-League . He was usually deployed play either as a centre back or wing back . He made his full debut in the S.League for Woodlands Wellington FC in place of defender Fabien Lewis in the match against Geylang United FC In June 2012 , Lee decided to leave football during the S-League mid-season break to pursue a normal career outside of the pitch . He played 4 games for the Rams , coming on as a substitute in 3 of those matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louisville,_Kentucky", "text": "Louisville ( US : /ˈluːəvəl/ ( listen ) LOO-ə-vəl , /ˈluːivɪl/ ( listen ) LOO-ee-vil , /ˈlʊvəl/ ( listen ) LUUV-əl , UK : /ˈluːivɪl/ ) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 29th most-populous city in the United States . [ d ] It is one of two cities in Kentucky designated as first-class , the other being Lexington , the state 's second-largest city . [ e ] Louisville is the historical seat and , since 2003 , the nominal seat of Jefferson County , on the Indiana border . Named after King Louis XVI of France , Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark , making it one of the oldest cities west of the Appalachians . With nearby Falls of the Ohio as the only major obstruction to river traffic between the upper Ohio River and the Gulf of Mexico , the settlement first grew as a portage site . It was the founding city of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad , which grew into a 6,000-mile ( 9,700 km ) system across 13 states . Today , the city is known as the home of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali , the Kentucky Derby , Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ) , the University of Louisville and its Cardinals , Louisville Slugger baseball bats , and three of Kentucky 's six Fortune 500 companies : Humana , Kindred Healthcare , and Yum ! Brands . Muhammad Ali International Airport , Louisville 's main commercial airport , hosts UPS 's worldwide hub . Since 2003 , Louisville 's borders have been the same as those of Jefferson County , after a city-county merger . The official name of this consolidated city-county government is the Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government , abbreviated to Louisville Metro . Despite the merger and renaming , the term Jefferson County continues to be used in some contexts in reference to Louisville Metro , particularly including the incorporated cities outside the balance which make up Louisville proper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina_Tar_Heels_football", "text": "The North Carolina Tar Heels football team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the sport of American football . The Tar Heels play in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . North Carolina has played in 34 bowl games in its history and won three Southern Conference championships and five Atlantic Coast Conference titles . Thirty Tar Heel players have been honored as first-team All-Americas on 38 occasions . Carolina had 32 All-Southern Conference selections when it played in that league until 1952 and since joining the ACC in 1953 , has had 174 first-team All-ACC choices . Since joining the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953 , the team has won five conference championships , with the most recent title coming in 1980 . One very important contribution to the game of football by Carolina is the modern use of the forward pass ; they were the first college team to use the play in 1895 . Bob Quincy notes in his 1973 book They Made the Bell Tower Chime : John Heisman , a noted historian , wrote 30 years later that , indeed , the Tar Heels had given birth to the forward pass against the Bulldogs ( UGA ) . It was conceived to break a scoreless deadlock and give UNC a 6-0 win . The Tar Heels were in a punting situation and a Georgia rush seemed destined to block the ball . The punter , with an impromptu dash to his right , tossed the ball and it was caught by George Stephens , who ran 70 yards for a touchdown . The program has long been overshadowed by the school 's powerhouse men 's basketball team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_Bond", "text": "Colin John Bond ( born 24 February 1942 ) is a retired Australian racing driver . Bond reached the highest levels in Australian motorsport in 1969 when he was recruited by Harry Firth to the newly formed Holden Dealer Team . He quickly found success , winning the 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500 mile race ( now the Bathurst 1000 ) at Bathurst , New South Wales in a Holden Monaro . Bond was a particularly versatile driver , also finding success in the Australian Rally Championship , winning the title in 1971 , 1972 and 1974 driving a Holden Torana . Bond also won the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship in a Holden Torana and was inducted into the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Murray_Field", "text": "John Murray Field is home to Redlands Baseball Club in Sheldon , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . It is a fully fenced and regulation size field with field level fenced dugouts , 2 bullpens , 2 indoor battery cages with an automated pitching machine , an air-conditioned scorers box . Floodlighting is of AAA standard and has hosted trial games for various countries including the Netherlands , Italy and United States . Opposite to John Murray Field is the Tony Street Field which serves as a playing field for juniors and minor league senior teams as well as a warm up and training field . Redlands has hosted the Claxton Shield 2008 for the Queensland Rams and will host three Claxton Shield 2009 games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forrest_Gump", "text": "Forrest Gump is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Eric Roth . It is based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom , and stars Tom Hanks , Robin Wright , Gary Sinise , Mykelti Williamson , and Sally Field . The story depicts several decades in the life of Forrest Gump ( Hanks ) , a slow-witted but kind-hearted man from Alabama who witnesses and unwittingly influences several defining historical events in the 20th century United States . The film differs substantially from the novel . Principal photography took place in late 1993 , mainly in Georgia , North Carolina , and South Carolina . Extensive visual effects were used to incorporate Hanks into archived footage and to develop other scenes . The soundtrack features songs reflecting the different periods seen in the film . Forrest Gump was released in the United States on July 6 , 1994 and received favorable reviews for Zemeckis ' directing , Hanks ' performance , the visual effects , the music and the script . The film was an enormous success at the box office ; it became the top-grossing film in America released that year and earned over US $ 677 million worldwide during its theatrical run , making it the second highest-grossing film of 1994 . The soundtrack sold over 12 million copies . Forrest Gump won the Academy Awards for Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor for Hanks , Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Visual Effects , and Best Film Editing . It won many other awards and nominations , including Golden Globes , People 's Choice Awards , and Young Artist Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meg_Tilly", "text": "Meg Tilly ( born Margaret Elizabeth Chan ; February 14 , 1960 ) is a Canadian-American actress and novelist . For her role in the 1985 film Agnes of God , she won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . Her other film roles include Psycho II ( 1983 ) , The Big Chill ( 1983 ) , Masquerade ( 1988 ) , and Valmont ( 1989 ) . For her role in the television series Bomb Girls ( 2012-13 ) , she won the 2013 Canadian Screen Award for Best Lead Actress in a Drama Series . Tilly has also written six novels , including Porcupine ( 2007 ) , which was a finalist for the Sheila A. Egoff Children 's Literature Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bryan_Ferry_Orchestra", "text": "The Bryan Ferry Orchestra is a retro-jazz ensemble founded and led by Bryan Ferry . They exclusively play his work in a 1920s jazz style . Ferry formed the orchestra out of a desire to focus on the melodies of his songs , and see how they would stand up without singing . Their album , The Jazz Age , was released on 26 November 2012 as a 10 in vinyl folio edition and on 12 in vinyl , CD and digital download , on BMG Rights Management Ferry neither plays nor sings with the orchestra ; BBC reviewer Chris Roberts called it a peculiar concept then , with Ferry now , almost Warhol-like , sagely mute to one side while collaborators silkscreen his own icons . As fascinating as it is perplexing , anything but obvious , and therefore to be applauded ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mario_Gargiulo", "text": "Mario Gargiulo ( born 26 March 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Cittadella as a central midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arena_Garibaldi_-_Stadio_Romeo_Anconetani", "text": "Arena Garibaldi - Stadio Romeo Anconetani ( usually referred to just as Arena Garibaldi ) is a multi-use stadium in Pisa , Italy . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of A.C. Pisa 1909 . The stadium holds 25,000 ( 14,869 approved ) and was opened in 1919 . In 2001 , the stadium was entitled to Romeo Anconetani , Pisa chairman and owner during their Serie A tenure as well as colourful figure of Italian football in the 1980s , who died in 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Narain_Karthikeyan", "text": "Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan ( born 14 January 1977 ) is a racing driver who was the first Formula One driver from India . He has previously competed in A1GP , and the Le Mans Series . He has won multiple races in A1GP , British F3 , World series by Nissan , AutoGP , Formula Asia , British Formula Ford & Opel series in his single-seater career . He won the British Formula Ford Winter Series in 1994 & Formula Asia Championship in 1996 . He also finished fourth overall in British F3 in 2000 & the World Nissan series in 2003 . He made his Formula One debut in 2005 with the Jordan team , and was a Williams F1 test driver in 2006 and 2007 . Like several other former F1 drivers , Karthikeyan moved to stock car racing and drove the No . 60 Safe Auto Insurance Company Toyota Tundra for Wyler Racing in the 2010 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series . In 2011 he returned to F1 with the HRT team , continued with the team in 2012 and was expected to drive for them in the 2013 season as well . However , HRT was not included in the FIA 's 2013 entry list , and thus Karthikeyan was left without a drive . From 2014-2018 , Karthikeyan raced in Japanese Super Formula series . In 2019 he ended his single-seater career by joining SuperGT series in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Captaincy_General_of_Venezuela", "text": "The Captaincy General of Venezuela ( Spanish : Capitanía General de Venezuela ) , also known as the Kingdom of Venezuela ( Spanish : Reino de Venezuela ) , was an administrative district of colonial Spain , created on September 8 , 1777 , through the Royal Decree of Graces of 1777 , to provide more autonomy for the provinces of Venezuela , previously under the jurisdiction of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo ( and thus the Viceroyalty of New Spain ) and then the Viceroyalty of New Granada . It established a unified government in political ( governorship ) , military ( captaincy general ) , fiscal ( intendancy ) and judicial ( audiencia ) affairs . Its creation was part of the Bourbon Reforms and laid the groundwork for the future nation of Venezuela , in particular by orienting the province of Maracaibo towards the province of Caracas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Sea_(2002_film)", "text": "The Sea , ( Icelandic : Hafið ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) ) , is a 2002 Icelandic film , directed by Baltasar Kormákur . The film tells the story of a wealthy Icelandic family , owners of a fish industry company in a small Icelandic coastal town , and various family issues they have to deal with ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Seoul", "text": "FC Seoul ( Korean : FC 서울 ) is a South Korean professional football club based in Seoul , the capital of South Korea , that plays in the K League 1 . The club is owned by GS Sports , a subsidiary of GS Group . The club was officially founded as Lucky-Goldstar Football Club in 1983 , by the Lucky-Goldstar Group . FC Seoul have won six League titles , two FA Cups , two League Cups and one Super Cup . FC Seoul is one of the most successful and popular clubs in the K League 1 , with financial backing from the GS Group . In 2012 , FC Seoul was evaluated as the most valuable football brand in the K League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harrison_Musgrave", "text": "Harrison Scott Musgrave ( born March 3 , 1992 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization . He made his MLB debut in 2018 . Before his professional career , he played college baseball for the West Virginia Mountaineers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puerto_Rico_Government_Development_Bank", "text": "The Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico ( GDB ) - ( BGF ) - is the government bond issuer , intragovernmental bank , fiscal agent , and financial advisor of the government of Puerto Rico . The bank , along with its subsidiaries and affiliates , serves as the principal entity through which Puerto Rico channels its issuance of bonds . As an overview , the different executive agencies of the government of Puerto Rico and its government-owned corporations either issue bonds with the bank as a proxy , or owe debt to the bank itself ( as the bank is a government-owned corporation as well ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vancouver,_Washington", "text": "Vancouver is a city on the north bank of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington . It is the largest suburb of Portland , Oregon . Incorporated in 1857 , Vancouver had a population of 161,791 as of the 2010 U.S. census , making it the fourth-largest city in Washington state . Vancouver is the county seat of Clark County and forms part of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area , the 23rd largest metropolitan area in the United States . Originally established in 1825 around Fort Vancouver , a fur-trading outpost , the city is located on the Washington/Oregon border along the Columbia River , directly north of Portland . In 2005 , Money magazine named it No . 91 on its list of best places in America to live . In 2016 , WalletHub ranked Vancouver the 89th best place in the U.S. for families to live ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hart_Racing_Engines", "text": "Brian Hart Ltd. , also known as Hart and Hart Racing Engines , was a motor racing engine manufacturer that participated in 157 Formula One Grands Prix , powering a total of 368 entries . Founded in 1969 by British engineer Brian Hart , Hart initially concentrated on servicing and tuning engines from other manufacturers for various independent British teams at all levels of motorsport . Hart found particular success with developments of Ford 's FVA engine , eventually leading the large multinational company to approach the small independent to develop the Ford BDA 1.6 L engine for the 2.0L class . The European Formula Two title was won in both 1971 and 1972 with Hart-built Ford engines , and the 2.0 L BDA engine powered the majority of Ford 's 1970s rallying successes . With Ford 's withdrawal from F2 in the mid-1970s , Hart began to concentrate on building their own designs . The first engine to bear the Hart name alone was the twin-cam , four-cylinder Hart 420R F2 unit , which appeared in 1976 and powered race-winning cars until the end of the decade . In 1978 , the Toleman team agreed to a partnership program , with Toleman providing finance to develop further Hart engine designs . The fruits of this collaboration resulted in Toleman taking a one-two finish in the 1980 European F2 Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kennedy_Town", "text": "Kennedy Town ( Chinese : 堅尼地城 ) is at the western end of Sai Wan on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong . It was named after Arthur Edward Kennedy , the 7th Governor of Hong Kong from 1872 to 1877 . Administratively , it is part of Central and Western District . Due to its distance from major commercial cores and longtime inaccessibility by train , town development was less vigorous than in other parts of urban Hong Kong . But since the MTR was extended to the area in 2014 , it is rapidly gentrifying , with many older businesses , such as vehicle repair workshops and cha chaan tengs , making way for new luxury developments , as well as high end bars and restaurants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kya_Hadsaa_Kya_Haqeeqat", "text": "Kya Hadsaa Kya Haqeeqat is an Indian thriller anthology television show that was first broadcast on Sony TV from 16 August 2002 to 9 May 2004 . The broadcast consisted mainly of small stories in a mini format . The show stars Hiten Tejwani , Smriti Irani , Gauri Pradhan , Cezanne Khan , Rajeev Khandelwal , Ashlesha Sawant , Sumeet Sachdev , Monalika Bhonsle , Kiran Dubey and many others . The series used to air at 8 P.M. from Fridays to Sundays . The series was off air from 9 February 2003 to 16 March 2003 due to the live telecast of 2003 Cricket World Cup on Sony TV . Since 12 March 2004 to 9 May 2004 , the series only used to air from 8 P.M. to 8:30 P.M ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Djurgårdens_IF_Fotboll", "text": "Djurgårdens IF Fotbollsförening - commonly known as Djurgårdens IF , Djurgården Fotboll ( official name ) , Djurgården ( IPA : [ ˈjʉ̂ːrˌɡoːɖɛn ] ) , and ( especially locally ) Djurgår ' n ( IPA : [ ˈjʉ̌ː ( r ) ɡɔɳ ] ) , Dif or DIF [ A ] - is the association football department of Djurgårdens IF . Founded 1891 on the island Djurgården , the club 's home ground is Tele2 Arena , situated in the Johanneshov district of Stockholm . Competing in the highest Swedish tier , Allsvenskan , the club has won the league twelve times and the cup five times . The league titles have mainly been won during three separate eras . The first period was the 1910s , when they won four league titles . The second era occurred in the 1950s and 60s , when Djurgården also won the league four times . The most recent era was the first half of the 00s when they won both the league and the cup three times . Fans of the club , called djurgårdare , are found all over Stockholm and Sweden . However , Östermalm , where Djurgården 's former home ground Stadion is situated , is by some considered the club 's heartland . Djurgården is affiliated to the Stockholms Fotbollförbund ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Boxing at the 1984 Summer Olympics took place in the Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles , California , United States . The boxing schedule began on July 29 and ended on August 11 . Twelve boxing events were contested with the participation of 354 fighters from 81 countries . A Soviet-led boycott resulted in the withdrawals of the Soviet Union , Cuba , East Germany , Bulgaria and other Eastern Bloc nations from boxing competitions . At the 1980 Summer Olympics , that was impacted by an American-led boycott , Cuban boxers won 10 medals , with 6 of them being gold , and had again been expected to do well . However , the nation withdrew from the games following the announcement of the Soviet boycott . Teófilo Stevenson , who was going to try for his fourth Olympic gold medal before the boycott was officially announced , had previously defeated Tyrell Biggs twice ( one by knockout ) and Hermenegildo Báez had previously defeated Henry Tillman . Soviet Alexander Yagubkin defeated both Biggs and Tillman during the USA-USSR duals . Cuban and Soviet boxers , however , were more seasoned than their American counterparts . While US athletes typically turned pro after the Olympics , while still in their early twenties , Cubans and the Soviets were not allowed to do so and stayed on in the amateurs , participating in multiple Olympic cycles . Journalist George Vecsey remarked after the conclusion of the games that Despite all the flag-waving euphoria in the United States over all those medals in Los Angeles , the Summer Games were a made-in-Disneyland reproduction of the Games because there were no Soviet runners , no Cuban boxers , no East German swimmers . Soviet runners and East German swimmers decades later were revealed to have been part of their respective nations ' state-sponsored doping schemes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_McGowan", "text": "William Aloysius McGowan ( January 18 , 1896 - December 9 , 1954 ) was an American umpire in Major League Baseball who worked in the American League from 1925 to 1954 . McGowan founded the second umpire school in the United States . He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992 , the only person born in Delaware so honored ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AARP", "text": "AARP ( formally the American Association of Retired Persons ) is a United States-based interest group whose stated mission is to empower people to choose how they live as they age . According to the organization , it had more than 38 million members as of 2018 . The magazine and bulletin it sends to its members are the two largest-circulation publications in the United States . AARP was founded in 1958 by Ethel Percy Andrus ( a retired educator from California ) and Leonard Davis ( later the founder of the Colonial Penn Group of insurance companies ) . It is an influential lobbying group in the United States focusing largely on issues affecting the elderly . AARP sells paid memberships , and markets insurance and other services to its members ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beulah_Baptist_Church", "text": "Beulah Baptist Church ( Alexandria , Virginia ) was established in 1863 in an African-American neighborhood ( the Bottoms ) in Alexandria , Virginia , United States . The church was also the first black church founded in Alexandria after occupation by Union troops in 1861 . Rev . Clem Robinson , graduate of Ashmun Institute in Pennsylvania ( now Lincoln University ) , heard the call to educate and preach to slaves that lived in or fled to areas occupied by Union troops , so he came to Alexandria , VA. With support from the American Baptist Free Mission Society of New York and the ( Northern ) American Baptist Home Mission Society , he worked with his wife , with Miss Amanda Borden , and with Rev . George Washington Parker to found several schools for escaped slaves , including The First Select Colored School , which served over 700 students in its first year . Their schools , which included a night school for adults and a Normal and Theological Institute for those with some education , preceded the federal schools , set up by the Freedman 's Bureau , by many months . The Beulah Baptist Church was founded the next year , 1863 , and remains a vital African American congregation to this day . Currently , it is under the able leadership of Rev . Prof. Quardricos B. Driskell In the founding days , Rev . Clem Robinson also taught upper level students at the Beulah Normal and Theological Institute , which met at the church and which had over 80 students in the first few years . The aim was to educate future teachers and preachers for the Black community , men and women , and this school placed over 30 missionaries and educators into the field in the first few years . This pioneering effort preceded any other Black Normal and Theological Institute in the Reconstruction period , including Wayland Seminary ( later Virginia Union , 1865 ) , Fisk University ( 1866 ) Howard University ( 1867 ) , and the Hampton Institute ( 1868 ) Robinson and Parker assisted the efforts of other pioneers for Black education in Alexandria , like Harriet Jacobs and Julia Wilbur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toyotomi_Hideyoshi", "text": "Toyotomi Hideyoshi ( 豐臣 秀吉/豊臣 秀吉 , March 17 , 1537 - September 18 , 1598 ) was a preeminent daimyō , warrior , general , samurai , and politician of the Sengoku period who is regarded as Japan 's second great unifier . He succeeded his former liege lord , Oda Nobunaga , and brought an end to the Sengoku period . The period of his rule is often called the Momoyama period , named after Hideyoshi 's castle . After his death , his young son Hideyori was displaced by Tokugawa Ieyasu . Hideyoshi left an influential and lasting legacy , including the restriction on the possession of weapons by the samurai , the construction and restoration of many temples , some of which are still visible in Kyoto , and the Japanese invasions of Korea ( 1592-1598 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Somerset,_Marquess_of_Worcester", "text": "Charles Somerset , Marquess of Worcester ( 25 December 1660 - 13 July 1698 ) was an English nobleman and politician . He was the eldest surviving son of Henry Somerset , 1st Duke of Beaufort and Mary Capell , and was styled Lord Herbert of Raglan from 1667 until 1682 and Marquess of Worcester thereafter . He attended Christ Church , Oxford University , matriculated in 1677 and was awarded an MA in 1682 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_King", "text": "Jimmy Hal King ( born August 9 , 1973 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . King played in the NBA and other leagues . He is most famous for his time spent on the famed University of Michigan Wolverines Fab Five along with Ray Jackson , Juwan Howard , Chris Webber , and Jalen Rose , who reached the 1992 and 1993 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship games as freshmen and sophomores . He played all four years at Michigan and averaged 15 points per game as a senior in 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jamtsangiin_Damdinsüren", "text": "Jamtsangiin Damdinsüren ( Mongolian : Жамцангийн Дамдинсүрэн ) ( 1898-1938 ) was a Mongolian politician , member of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party ( MPRP ) and titular Head of state of Mongolia from the period of January 16 , 1927 to January 23 , 1929 . Damdinsüren was born in Sain Noyon Khan Aimag ( present day Zavkhan Province ) . As a young child he studied Tibetan language and classical Mongolian script . At age 16 he became a clerk in the local government . In 1923 he was appointed chief of staff of the new rural district in present-day Uliastai . In 1925 he was elected as a delegate to the Fourth Congress of the Mongolian Revolutionary Youth League ( MRYL ) . At this congress Damdinsuren was elected a member of the Presidium and head of the Central Committee of the MYRL . At the MPRP Fifth Congress he was elected member of the Great Hural which in turn elected him a member of the Small Khural . At the Sixth Party Congress in early 1927 he was re-elected Chairman of the MRYL and a member of the MPRP Central Committee . The Central Committee elected him as a member of the MPRP Presidium and he was then chosen as its Chairman , making him titular head of state of Mongolian People 's Republic . Damdinsuren would hold this post from January 16 , 1927 to January 23 , 1929 . In 1928 the MPRP Seventh Party Congress ushered in the Leftist Period that signaled a more aggressive approach to implementation of Soviet backed leftist policies such as more rapid collectivization , land expropriation , and persecution of the Buddhist Church ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governor_of_Rhode_Island", "text": "The Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations is the head of the executive branch of the Government of Rhode Island and serves as commander-in-chief of the State 's Army National Guard and Air National Guard . The current governor is Democrat Gina Raimondo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Renfrew", "text": "Renfrew ( /ˈrɛnfruː/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Rinn Friù ) is a town 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Glasgow in the west central Lowlands of Scotland . It is the historic county town of Renfrewshire . Called the Cradle of the Royal Stewarts for its early link with Scotland 's former royal house , Renfrew gained royal burgh status in 1397 . As the county town , Renfrew once was a centre of local government for the surrounding area . Whilst the county remained known as Renfrewshire , the focus of local government gradually shifted from Renfrew to its larger neighbour Paisley . Following the reorganisation of 1996 , Renfrewshire was divided for local government purposes into three modern council areas : Renfrewshire , with considerably smaller boundaries than the old county , including Renfrew and with its administrative centre at Paisley ; Inverclyde with its centre at Greenock , covering the western part of the county ; and East Renfrewshire , with its centre at Giffnock . The boundaries of the historic County of Renfrew remain for a number of ceremonial and administrative purposes . The House of Stewart was previously based out of the former Renfrew Castle . In 1164 , it was the site of the Battle of Renfrew , a decisive victory for the Scottish crown over Somerled , Lord of the Isles . Given its link to the monarchy and the victory at Renfrew , the heir to the British throne holds the title of Baron Renfrew and Lord of the Isles , the current holder being Prince Charles , Duke of Rothesay . Renfrew 's historic industries include shipbuilding , given its position on the River Clyde and River Cart , and engineering . Today it primarily contains service sector businesses , including the nearby Braehead retail and leisure centre , built in 1999 , which has resulted in the expansion of the town along Renfrew 's riverside ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marília", "text": "Marília ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ mɐˈɾiʎɐ ] ) is a Brazilian municipality in the midwestern region of the state of São Paulo . Its distance from the state capital São Paulo is 443 km ( 275 mi ) by highway , 529 km ( 329 mi ) by railway and 376 km ( 234 mi ) in a straight line . It is located at an altitude of 675 meters . The population is 232,006 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 1170 km2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_NFL_season", "text": "The 2007 NFL season was the 88th regular season of the National Football League . Regular-season play was held from September 6 to December 30 . The campaign kicked off with the defending Super Bowl XLI champion Indianapolis Colts defeating the New Orleans Saints 41-10 in the NFL Kickoff Game . The New England Patriots became the first team to complete the regular season undefeated since the league expanded to a 16-game regular season in 1978 . Four weeks after the playoffs began on January 5 , 2008 , the Patriots ' bid for a perfect season was dashed when they lost to the New York Giants in Super Bowl XLII , the league championship game at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Arizona on February 3 , by a score of 17-14 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Augsburg", "text": "Augsburg ( UK : /ˈaʊɡzbɜːrɡ/ OWGZ-burg , US : /ˈɔːɡz-/ AWGZ- , German : [ ˈʔaʊksbʊʁk ] ( listen ) ; Swabian German : Augschburg ) is a city in Swabia , Bavaria , Germany . It is a university town and regional seat of the Regierungsbezirk Schwaben . Augsburg is an urban district and home to the institutions of the Landkreis Augsburg . It is the third-largest city in Bavaria ( after Munich and Nuremberg ) with a population of 300,000 inhabitants , with 885,000 in its metropolitan area . After Neuss and Trier , Augsburg is Germany 's third oldest city , founded in 15 BC by the Romans as Augusta Vindelicorum , named after the Roman emperor Augustus . It was a Free Imperial City from 1276 to 1803 and the home of the patrician Fugger and Welser families that dominated European banking in the 16th century . The city played a leading role in the Reformation as the site of the 1530 Augsburg Confession and 1555 Peace of Augsburg . The Fuggerei , the oldest social housing complex in the world , was founded in 1513 by Jakob Fugger . In 2019 , UNESCO recognized the Water Management System of Augsburg as a World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silver_Spring,_Maryland", "text": "Silver Spring is an unincorporated area , census-designated place , and edge city inside the Capital Beltway , near Washington , D.C. , in Montgomery County , Maryland , United States . As of 2018 , [ update ] it had a population of 81,816 residents , according to the official estimate from the U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , making it the fourth most populous place in Maryland , after Baltimore , Columbia , and Germantown , and the second most populous in Montgomery County after Germantown . The urbanized , oldest , and southernmost part of Silver Spring is a major business hub that lies at the north apex of Washington , D.C. As of 2004 , [ update ] this 360-acre ( 145.7 ha ) central business district ( CBD ) held 7,254,729 square feet ( 673,986 m2 ) of office space , 5216 dwelling units , and 17.6 acres ( 7.1 ha ) of parkland . The population density of Silver Spring 's CBD was 15,600 people per square mile . The community has undergone a significant renaissance , with the addition of major retail , residential , and office developments . Silver Spring takes its name from a mica-flecked spring discovered there in 1840 , by Francis Preston Blair , who subsequently bought much of the surrounding land . Acorn Park , tucked away in an area of south Silver Spring away from the main downtown area , is believed to be the site of the original spring ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fayetteville_State_University", "text": "Fayetteville State University ( FSU ) is a historically black public regional university in Fayetteville , North Carolina . FSU is part of the University of North Carolina System and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zindagi_ek_safar_hai_suhana", "text": "Zindagi Ek Safar Hai ( translation : Life is a wonderful journey ) is a song from the Hindi film Andaz , composed by the duo of Shankar Jaikishan , written by Hasrat Jaipuri and sung by Kishore Kumar . The song topped the annual list of Binaca Geetmala for 1971 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UiTM_F.C.", "text": "Universiti Teknologi MARA Football Club or simply as UiTM FC is a Malaysian football club based in Shah Alam , Selangor , Malaysia . The club currently plays in the second-tier of Malaysian football league Malaysia Premier League . Founded in 2008 , their home ground is 10,000-seat UiTM Stadium . The club widely known as The Lion Troops . The team is under the jurisdiction of Universiti Teknologi MARA , a Malaysian public university based in Shah Alam , Selangor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgetown_University", "text": "Georgetown University is a private research university in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington , D.C . Founded by Bishop John Carroll in 1789 as Georgetown College , the university has grown to comprise ten undergraduate and graduate schools , among which are the School of Foreign Service , School of Business , Medical School , Law School , and a campus in Qatar . Located on a hill above the Potomac River , the school 's main campus is identifiable by its flagship Healy Hall , a National Historic Landmark . Georgetown is the oldest Catholic and Jesuit institution of higher education in the United States . The Jesuits have participated in the university 's academic life , both as scholars and as administrators , since 1805 . However , the university has always been governed independently of the church , and the majority of Georgetown students are not Catholic . Georgetown is a highly selective school , accepting 14 percent of undergraduate applicants for its class of 2023 . The university offers degree programs in forty-eight disciplines , enrolling an average of 7,500 undergraduate and 10,000 post-graduate students from more than 135 countries . Georgetown 's notable alumni include U.S. Presidents , billionaires , U.S. Supreme Court Justices , as well as international royalty and heads of state . The school produces more U.S. diplomats than any other university . Georgetown is also a top feeder school for careers in finance and investment banking on Wall Street . Georgetown is home to the country 's largest student-run business , largest student-run financial institution , the oldest continuously running student theatre troupe , and one of the oldest debating societies in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Fender", "text": "Edward Fender ( born 8 August 1942 in Bielsko-Biała ) was a Polish luger who competed during the mid-1960s . He won the silver medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1963 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria . Fender also finished seventh in the men 's doubles event at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaime_Clampitt", "text": "Jaime Hurricane Clampitt ( born July 8 , 1976 in Gravelbourg , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a female Canadian boxer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puducherry", "text": "Puducherry ( /pʊdʊˈtʃɛri/ ) , formerly known as Pondicherry ( /pɒndɪˈtʃɛri/ ) , is one of the 8 union territories of India . It was formed out of four territories of former French India , namely Pondichéry ( Pondicherry ; now Puducherry ) , Karikal ( Karaikal ) , Mahé and Yanaon ( Yanam ) , excluding Chandernagore . It is named after the largest district , Puducherry . Historically known as Pondicherry ( Pāṇṭiccēri ) , the territory changed its official name to Puducherry on 20 September 2006 . The Union Territory of Puducherry lies in the southern part of the Indian Peninsula . The areas of Puducherry district and Karaikal district are bound by the state of Tamil Nadu , while Yanam district and Mahé district are enclosed by the states of Andhra Pradesh and Kerala respectively . Puducherry is the 29th most populous and the third most densely populated of the states and union territories of India . It has a gross domestic product ( GDP ) of ₹210 billion ( US $ 2.9 billion ) and ranks 25th in India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harvard_Business_School", "text": "Harvard Business School ( HBS ) is the graduate business school of Harvard University . Located in Boston , Massachusetts , it is consistently ranked among the top business schools in the world , and offers a large full-time MBA program , management-related doctoral programs , and many executive education programs . It owns Harvard Business Publishing , which publishes business books , leadership articles , online management tools for corporate learning , case studies , and the monthly Harvard Business Review . It is also home to the Baker Library/Bloomberg Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1961_NFL_season", "text": "The 1961 NFL season was the 42nd regular season of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The league expanded to 14 teams with the addition of the Minnesota Vikings , after the team 's owners declined to be charter members of the new American Football League . The schedule was also expanded from 12 games per team to 14 games per team . The Vikings were placed in the Western Conference , and the Dallas Cowboys were switched from the Western Conference to the Eastern . The addition of the Vikings returned the NFL to an even number of teams ( and eliminated the bye week of 1960 , until 1990 ) . The season ended when the Green Bay Packers shut out the New York Giants 37-0 in the 1961 NFL Championship Game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NC_State_Wolfpack_baseball", "text": "The NC State Wolfpack baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball program of North Carolina State University , based in Raleigh , North Carolina , United States . The team has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference since the conference 's founding in the 1954 season . The program 's home venue is Doak Field , which opened in 1966 . Elliott Avent has been the head coach of the team since prior to the 1997 season . As of the end of the 2015 season , the Wolfpack have appeared in two College World Series and 27 NCAA Tournaments . They have won four ACC Tournament Championships and four ACC Regular Season Championships . As of the 2015 Major League Baseball season , 44 former Wolfpack players have played in Major League Baseball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mityana_District", "text": "The Mityana District is a district in the Central Region of Uganda . The district was created in 2005 , by taking the Mityana and Busujju counties from Mubende District . Mityana is the site of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nike,_Inc.", "text": "Nike , Inc. ( /ˈnaɪki/ ) [ note 1 ] is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear , apparel , equipment , accessories , and services . The company is headquartered near Beaverton , Oregon , in the Portland metropolitan area . It is the world 's largest supplier of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment , with revenue in excess of US $ 24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 ( ending May 31 , 2012 ) . As of 2012 , it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide . In 2014 the brand alone was valued at $ 19 billion , making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses . As of 2017 , the Nike brand is valued at $ 29.6 billion . Nike ranked No . 89 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . The company was founded on January 25 , 1964 , as Blue Ribbon Sports , by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight , and officially became Nike , Inc. on May 30 , 1971 . The company takes its name from Nike , the Greek goddess of victory . Nike markets its products under its own brand , as well as Nike Golf , Nike Pro , Nike+ , Air Jordan , Nike Blazers , Air Force 1 , Nike Dunk , Air Max , Foamposite , Nike Skateboarding , Nike CR7 , and subsidiaries including Brand Jordan , Hurley International and Converse . Nike also owned Bauer Hockey ( later renamed Nike Bauer ) from 1995 to 2008 , and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cork_City_F.C.", "text": "Cork City Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork . The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division . The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984 . It was one of the first clubs in Ireland ( and the first in Cork ) to field a team of professional footballers . With the progression of professionalism at the club , continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football , the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country . In 2008 , financial issues resulted in a period of examinership , and the club 's then holding company was wound-up in 2010 . A team was entered into the 2010 League of Ireland First Division , before the club re-acquired rights to the name Cork City Football Club , and was promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season . Cork City FC won its third premier division title , and first FAI Cup double , during the 2017 season . City 's traditional colours are green and white with red trim , and the crest is a variant of the Cork coat of arms . The club play home games at Turners Cross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_Mourinho", "text": "José Mário dos Santos Mourinho Félix , GOIH ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ʒuˈzɛ moˈɾiɲu ] ; born 26 January 1963 ) , is a Portuguese professional football manager and former player who is the current manager of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur . He is widely considered to be one of the greatest managers of all time , and he is one of the most decorated managers of all time . Following an uneventful career as a midfielder across Portugal 's football pyramid , Mourinho first entered the sphere of management as an interpreter for Sir Bobby Robson at Sporting CP and Porto , before gaining success as an assistant at Barcelona under both Robson and his successor , Louis van Gaal . After impressing with brief managerial stints at Benfica and União de Leiria , Mourinho returned to Porto as manager in 2002 , where he won the Primeira Liga twice , a Taça de Portugal , the UEFA Cup , and the UEFA Champions League ; the latter being Porto 's first European Cup title since 1987 . That success earned him a move to England with Chelsea in 2004 , where he won two Premier League titles , a FA Cup , and two League Cups in his three seasons at the club , before he departed in 2007 amid reports of disagreements with club owner Roman Abramovich . In 2008 , Mourinho joined Italian club Inter Milan , where he won the Serie A title in his first season . In 2010 , he led Inter Milan to a European treble of Serie A , Coppa Italia , and the UEFA Champions League ; the first time an Italian club has achieved this . This made him one of five coaches to have won the European Cup with two different clubs , and later that year , earned him the first FIFA World Coach of the Year award . Mourinho then signed with Real Madrid , where he won La Liga with a record points tally , becoming the fifth coach to have won league titles in four countries . He also won a Copa del Rey and a Supercopa de Espana . Mourinho left Real Madrid in 2013 to rejoin Chelsea , where he won another league title and League Cup , but was dismissed in 2015 after a poor run of results . Under a year later , Mourinho was appointed at rival club Manchester United , where he won the UEFA Europa League , League Cup and FA Community Shield in his first season , before being dismissed in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KK_Spartak", "text": "Košarkaški klub Spartak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кошаркашки клуб Спартак ) , commonly referred to as KK Spartak Subotica , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Subotica , Serbia . They are currently competing in the Basketball League of Serbia . The club was founded in 1945 and was named after Jovan Mikić Spartak , the leader of the Partisans in Subotica , who was a national hero and was killed in 1944 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liechtenstein", "text": "Liechtenstein ( /ˈlɪktənstaɪn/ ( listen ) LIK-tən-styne ; German : [ ˈlɪçtn̩ʃtaɪn ] ) , officially the Principality of Liechtenstein ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) , is a German-speaking microstate situated in the Alps and in the southwest of Central Europe . The principality is a semi-constitutional monarchy headed by the Prince of Liechtenstein ; the Prince 's extensive powers are equivalent to those of a President in a semi-presidential system . Liechtenstein is bordered by Switzerland to the west and south and Austria to the east and north . It is Europe 's fourth-smallest country , with an area of just over 160 square kilometres ( 62 square miles ) and a population of 38,557 . Divided into 11 municipalities , its capital is Vaduz , and its largest municipality is Schaan . It is also the smallest country to border two countries . Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan are the only two doubly landlocked countries in the world . Economically , Liechtenstein has one of the highest gross domestic products per person in the world when adjusted for purchasing power parity . It was once known as a billionaire tax haven , but is no longer on any blacklists of uncooperative tax haven countries . An Alpine country , Liechtenstein is mountainous , making it a winter sport destination . The country has a strong financial sector centered in Vaduz . Liechtenstein is a member of the United Nations , the European Free Trade Association , and the Council of Europe , and although not a member of the European Union , it participates in both the Schengen Area and the European Economic Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rotherfield_and_Mark_Cross_railway_station", "text": "Rotherfield and Mark Cross ( also Rotherfield ) is the name of a closed station on the Eridge - Heathfield - Polegate railway ( the Cuckoo Line ) in East Sussex . The station was built by London , Brighton and South Coast Railway and closed with the line in 1965 ( the Beeching Axe ) . The station building is still standing , and is in use as a private house ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Technician_Fourth_Grade", "text": "Technician Fourth Grade ( abbreviated as T/4 or TEC4 ) was one of three United States Army technician ranks established on January 8 , 1942 , during World War II . Those who held this rank were often addressed as Sergeant . Technicians possessed specialized skills that were rewarded with a higher pay grade . These skills could be directly related to combat , such as those skills possessed by a tank driver or combat engineer , or skills possessed by those in support functions such as cooks or mechanics . Depending on his or her function , he or she might be called upon by an officer to command a group of men for a specific task . They were non-commissioned officers , as were sergeants . Initially , they shared the same insignia but on September 4 , 1942 , the three technician ranks were distinguished by a block T imprinted below the standard chevrons . Unofficial insignia using a technical specialty symbol instead of the T was used in some units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Tigers", "text": "The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit , Michigan . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) Central division . One of the AL 's eight charter franchises , the club was founded in Detroit as a member of the minor league Western League in 1894 and is the only Western League team still in its original city . They are also the oldest continuous one name , one city franchise in the AL . Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901 , the Tigers have won four World Series championships ( 1935 , 1945 , 1968 , and 1984 ) , 11 AL pennants ( 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1934 , 1935 , 1940 , 1945 , 1968 , 1984 , 2006 , 2012 ) , and four AL Central division championships ( 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 ) . They also won division titles in 1972 , 1984 , and 1987 as a member of the AL East . The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit . The Tigers constructed Bennett Park at the corner of Michigan Avenue and Trumbull Avenue in Corktown ( just west of Downtown Detroit ) and began playing there in 1896 . In 1912 , the team moved into Navin Field , which was built on the same location . It was expanded in 1938 and renamed Briggs Stadium . It was renamed Tiger Stadium in 1961 and the Tigers played there until moving to Comerica Park in 2000 . From 1901 to 2019 , the Tigers ' overall win-loss record is 9,346-9,191 ( a winning percentage of .504 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quebec_City", "text": "Quebec City ( /kwɪˈbɛk/ ( listen ) or /kəˈbɛk/ ; French : Québec [ kebɛk ] ( listen ) ; French : Ville de Québec , Western Abnaki : Kephek ) , officially Québec , is the capital city of the Canadian province of Quebec . As of July 2016 the city has a population of 531,902 , and the metropolitan area had a population of 800,296 . It is the eleventh largest city and the seventh largest metropolitan area in Canada . The Algonquian people had originally named the area Kébec , an Algonquin [ note 1 ] word meaning where the river narrows , because the Saint Lawrence River narrows proximate to the promontory of Quebec and its Cape Diamant . Explorer Samuel de Champlain founded a French settlement here in 1608 , and adopted the Algonquin name . Quebec City is one of the oldest European cities in North America . The ramparts surrounding Old Quebec ( Vieux-Québec ) are the only fortified city walls remaining in the Americas north of Mexico . This area was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985 as the Historic District of Old Québec . The city 's landmarks include the Château Frontenac hotel that dominates the skyline and the Citadelle of Quebec , an intact fortress that forms the centrepiece of the ramparts surrounding the old city and includes a secondary royal residence . The National Assembly of Quebec ( provincial legislature ) , the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec ( National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec ) , and the Musée de la civilisation ( Museum of Civilization ) are found within or near Vieux-Québec ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Proving_grounds", "text": "A proving ground ( US ) , training area ( Australia , Ireland , UK ) or training centre ( Canada ) is a military installation or reservation where weapons or other military technology are experimented with or are tested , or where military tactics are tested . While these types of facilities are usually military or government establishments , some civilian industries have their own proving grounds for testing prototypes and new technologies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishop_of_Palestrina", "text": "The Roman Catholic Suburbicarian Diocese of Palestrina ( Latin : Diocesis Praenestina ) is a Roman Catholic suburbicarian diocese centered on the comune of Palestrina in Italy . The current Bishop of Palestrina is Domenico Sigalini , who from 3 November 2010 until 5 April 2014 was also appointed by Pope Benedict XVI to be the general ecclesiastical assistant of Italian Catholic Action ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lightweight", "text": "Lightweight is a weight class in combat sports and rowing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rich_Owens", "text": "Ritchie Darryl Owens ( born May 22 , 1972 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins , Miami Dolphins , Kansas City Chiefs and Seattle Seahawks . He played college football at Lehigh University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1995 NFL Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Astonishing_X-Men", "text": "Astonishing X-Men is the name of four X-Men comic book series from Marvel Comics , the first two of which were limited series . The third volume , an ongoing series , began in 2004 , with its first run written by Joss Whedon and art by John Cassaday . It was then written by Warren Ellis with art by Simone Bianchi and Phil Jimenez . Daniel Way and Christos Gage then took over the title writing alternating stories . They were followed by James Asmus who wrote one issue , then Greg Pak , who took over for four issues in November 2011 . Marjorie Liu wrote the final 21 issues of the series until its end at issue # 68 in 2013 . The title 's fourth volume and second ongoing series launched in 2017 during the ResurrXion storyline . The first run was written by Charles Soule and illustrated by a rotating cast of artists . Matthew Rosenberg and artist Greg Land would then take over the series before its end in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Clemson_Tigers_football_team", "text": "The 2014 Clemson Tigers football team represented Clemson University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Tigers were led by head coach Dabo Swinney in his sixth full year and seventh overall since taking over midway through 2008 season . They played their home games at Memorial Stadium , also known as Death Valley . They were members of the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference . They finished the season 10-3 , 6-2 in ACC play to finish in second place in the Atlantic Division . They were invited to the Russell Athletic Bowl where they defeated Oklahoma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sutra", "text": "Sutra ( Sanskrit : सूत्र , romanized : sūtra , lit . 'string , thread ' ) in Indian literary traditions refers to an aphorism or a collection of aphorisms in the form of a manual or , more broadly , a condensed manual or text . Sutras are a genre of ancient and medieval Indian texts found in Hinduism , Buddhism and Jainism . In Hinduism , sutras are a distinct type of literary composition , a compilation of short aphoristic statements . Each sutra is any short rule , like a theorem distilled into few words or syllables , around which teachings of ritual , philosophy , grammar , or any field of knowledge can be woven . The oldest sutras of Hinduism are found in the Brahmana and Aranyaka layers of the Vedas . Every school of Hindu philosophy , Vedic guides for rites of passage , various fields of arts , law , and social ethics developed respective sutras , which help teach and transmit ideas from one generation to the next . In Buddhism , sutras , also known as suttas , are canonical scriptures , many of which are regarded as records of the oral teachings of Gautama Buddha . They are not aphoristic , but are quite detailed , sometimes with repetition . This may reflect a philological root of sukta ( well spoken ) , rather than sutra ( thread ) . In Jainism , sutras also known as suyas are canonical sermons of Mahavira contained in the Jain Agamas as well as some later ( post-canonical ) normative texts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Commodore_(rank)", "text": "Commodore is a naval rank used in many navies that is superior to a navy captain , but below a rear admiral . It is either regarded as the lowest of the flag officers rank or may not hold the jurisdiction of a flag officer at all depending on the officer 's appointment . Non-English-speaking nations often use the rank of flotilla admiral , counter admiral , or senior captain as an equivalent , although counter admiral may also correspond to rear admiral . Traditionally , commodore is the title for any officer assigned to command more than one ship at a time , even temporarily , much as captain is the traditional title for the commanding officer of a single ship even if the officer 's official title in the service is a lower rank . As an official rank , a commodore typically commands a flotilla or squadron of ships as part of a larger task force or naval fleet commanded by an admiral . A commodore 's ship is typically designated by the flying of a broad pennant , as opposed to an admiral 's flag . It is often regarded as a one-star rank with a NATO code of OF-6 ( which is known in the U.S. as rear admiral ( lower half ) ) , but whether it is regarded as a flag rank varies between countries . It is sometimes abbreviated : as Cdre in British Royal Navy , CDRE in the US Navy , Cmdre in the Royal Canadian Navy , COMO in the Spanish Navy and in some navies speaking the Spanish language , or CMDE as used in some other Navies of several countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giancarlo_Fisichella", "text": "Giancarlo Fisichella ( Italian pronunciation : [ dʒaŋˈkarlo fiziˈkɛlla ] ; born 14 January 1973 ) , also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi , is an Italian professional racing driver . He has driven in Formula One for Minardi , Jordan , Benetton , Sauber , Renault , Force India and Ferrari . Since then he has driven for AF Corse in their Ferrari 458 GTE at various sportscar events , becoming twice a Le Mans 24 Hour class winner , and a GT class winner of the Petit Le Mans at Road Atlanta . He was also Ferrari 's F1 reserve driver for 2010 . Fisichella won three races in his Formula One career , the first of which was at the chaotic 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix , a race abandoned for safety reasons with 15 laps remaining . After several days of confusion regarding rules and technicalities , Fisichella was eventually declared the winner in the following week , and collected his trophy in an unofficial ceremony at the following race . He was brought into the Renault team to replace fellow Italian Jarno Trulli , and won his first race with the team in Australia in 2005 . However , after that race it was his teammate , the Spanish driver Fernando Alonso , that would win the greater share of races for Renault . Although highly rated as a driver , Fisichella was unable to keep pace with eventual champion Alonso , managing just one further race win following his debut . Outside of driving , he has backed his own GP2 team , FMS International . On 17 June 2012 Fisichella won the GTE Pro division of the Le Mans 24hrs for AF Corse and followed this up with the Manufacturers ' title in the WEC at the end of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1890_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1890 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cancer_Bats", "text": "Cancer Bats are a Canadian hardcore punk band from Toronto , Ontario . They have released six studio albums and six extended plays . The band is composed of vocalist Liam Cormier , guitarist Scott Middleton , drummer Mike Peters and bassist Jaye R. Schwarzer . Cancer Bats take a wide variety of influences from heavy metal subgenres and fuse them into hardcore and punk rock , and also include elements of Southern rock . Their sound has been likened to sludge metal , as well as to that of metalcore bands such as Converge and Hatebreed . The members of Cancer Bats have also toured and recorded as a Black Sabbath cover band under the name Bat Sabbath ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Turkana", "text": "Lake Turkana ( /tɜːrˈkɑːnə , -ˈkæn-/ ) , formerly known as Lake Rudolf , is a lake in the Kenyan Rift Valley , in northern Kenya , with its far northern end crossing into Ethiopia . It is the world 's largest permanent desert lake and the world 's largest alkaline lake . By volume it is the world 's fourth-largest salt lake [ citation needed ] after the Caspian Sea , Issyk-Kul , and Lake Van ( passing the shrinking South Aral Sea ) , and among all lakes it ranks 24th . Lake Turkana is now threatened by the construction of Gilgel Gibe III Dam in Ethiopia due to the damming of the Omo river which supplies most of the lake 's water . Although the lake commonly has been - and to some degree still is - used for drinking water , its salinity ( slightly brackish ) and very high levels of fluoride ( much higher than in fluoridated water ) generally make it unsuitable , and it has also been a source of diseases spread by contaminated water . Increasingly , communities on the lake 's shores rely on underground springs for drinking water . The same characteristics that make it unsuitable for drinking limits its use in irrigation . The climate is hot and very dry . The rocks of the surrounding area are predominantly volcanic . Central Island is an active volcano , emitting vapour . Outcrops and rocky shores are found on the east and south shores of the lake , while dunes , spits and flats are on the west and north , at a lower elevation . On-shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong , as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Underwood", "text": "Michael Paul Underwood ( born 26 October 1975 ) is an English television presenter , best known as a children 's TV presenter on CBBC and CITV . He can be seen as a fifteen year old in an episode of The Crystal Maze , then presented by Richard O'Brien . He presented the primetime ITV series Let Me Entertain You in 2014 and was a reporter for Real Stories with Ranvir Singh . He now co- presents the Channel Five show Do the Right Thing with Eamonn and Ruth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Arizona 's 4th congressional district is a congressional district located in the U.S. state of Arizona . It stretches from the periphery of Phoenix to contain much of the rural western and northwestern portion of the state . It is currently represented by Republican Paul Gosar . The current 4th was created after the 2010 census from portions of the old 1st , 2nd , and 5th districts . It is the only district that is not a geographic or demographic successor to one of the districts in the 2003-2013 map . Prior to 2013 , the old 4th District was a majority-Latino district located entirely in Maricopa County ; most of that area is now the 7th District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forum_Centre_City_Mall", "text": "Forum Centre City Mall is a shopping mall located in the South Indian city of Mysuru , Karnataka . It is the largest and the first of its kind shopping mall in Mysuru . The mall is owned and operated by Bengaluru based real estate giant Prestige Group and is located in the Nazarbad area of Mysore . Forum Centre City Mall houses many international brands showrooms under one roof , including those of H & M , Apple , William Penn , and many other . The mall is open Mondays through Sundays , including on public holidays from 10:00 AM IST and closes at 10:00 PM IST ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northmead,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Northmead is a suburb of Greater Western Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Northmead is located 26 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City of Parramatta . Northmead is a hilly suburb with low to medium density houses , townhouses and apartment buildings , and a large light industrial area . It is located to the northeast of the junction of Darling Mills Creek and Toongabbie Creek , which combine to form the beginnings of the Parramatta River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leighton_Hill", "text": "Leighton Hill ( Chinese : 禮頓山 ) is a hill between Causeway Bay and Happy Valley , and the south of Leighton Road , Hong Kong . There were several air-raid shelters at the downhill of Leighton Hill to protect Victoria City from Japanese occupation during the Battle of Hong Kong in World War II . In 2002 , a private housing estate with the same name The Leighton Hill is built ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S4C_Digital_Networks", "text": "S4C Digital Networks ( SDN ) is a company that operates one of the six multiplexes of channels on digital terrestrial television in the United Kingdom . It is now wholly owned by ITV plc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amherst_College", "text": "Amherst College ( /ˈæmərst/ ( listen ) AM-ərst ) is a private liberal arts college in Amherst , Massachusetts . Founded in 1821 as an attempt to relocate Williams College by its then-president Zephaniah Swift Moore , Amherst is the third oldest institution of higher education in Massachusetts . The institution was named after the town , which in turn had been named after Jeffery , Lord Amherst , Commander-in-Chief of British forces of North America during the French and Indian War . Originally established as a men 's college , Amherst became coeducational in 1975 . Amherst is an exclusively undergraduate four-year institution ; the school enrolled 1,855 students in fall 2018 . Students choose courses from 38 major programs in an open curriculum and are not required to study a core curriculum or fulfill any distribution requirements ; students may also design their own interdisciplinary major . For the class of 2023 , Amherst received 10,567 applications and accepted 1,144 , yielding a 10.8% acceptance rate . Amherst was ranked as the best liberal arts college in the country for 2018-19 by The Wall Street Journal , the second best liberal arts college in the country by U.S. News & World Report , and 16th out of all U.S. colleges and universities by Forbes in their 2018 rankings . Amherst competes in the New England Small College Athletic Conference . Amherst has historically had close relationships and rivalries with Williams College and Wesleyan University , which form the Little Three colleges . The college is a member of the Five College Consortium , which allows its students to attend classes at four other Pioneer Valley institutions : Mount Holyoke College , Smith College , Hampshire College , and the University of Massachusetts Amherst ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elio_Chacón", "text": "Elio Chacón Rodríguez ( October 26 , 1936 - April 24 , 1992 ) was a Major League Baseball second baseman and shortstop who played in the National League from 1960 to 1962 . He was the seventh baseball player from Venezuela to play in the majors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shikoku", "text": "Shikoku ( 四国 , literally four provinces ) is one of the five main islands of Japan . Shikoku is the second smallest main island after Okinawa . It is 225 km or 139.8 mi long and between 50 and 150 km or 31.1 and 93.2 mi wide . It has a population of 3.8 million ( as of 2015 [ update ] , 3.1% ) . It is located south of Honshu and north east of Kyushu . Shikoku 's ancient names include Iyo-no-futana-shima ( 伊予之二名島 ) , Iyo-shima ( 伊予島 ) , and Futana-shima ( 二名島 ) , and its current name refers to the four former provinces that made up the island : Awa , Tosa , Sanuki , and Iyo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berklee_College_of_Music", "text": "Berklee College of Music is a private music college in Boston , Massachusetts . It is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world . Known for the study of jazz and modern American music , it also offers college-level courses in a wide range of contemporary and historic styles , including rock , hip hop , reggae , salsa , heavy metal and bluegrass . Berklee alumni have won 294 Grammy Awards , more than any other college , and 95 Latin Grammy Awards . Other notable accolades for its alumni include 19 Emmy Awards , 5 Tony Awards and 5 Academy Awards . Since 2012 , Berklee College of Music has also operated a campus in Valencia , Spain . In December 2015 , Berklee College of Music and the Boston Conservatory agreed to a merger . The combined institution is known as Berklee , with the conservatory becoming The Boston Conservatory at Berklee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sailing_at_the_1964_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad ( 1896 Olympics in Athens Greece . With the exception of 1904 and the canceled 1916 Summer Olympics , sailing has always been included on the Olympic schedule . The Sailing program of 1964 consisted of a total of five sailing classes ( disciplines ) . For each class , seven races were scheduled ; these took place from 12 October to 23 October 1964 off the coast of Enoshima in Sagami Bay . The sailing was done on the triangular type Olympic courses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/English_cricket_team_in_South_Africa_in_2019–20", "text": "The England cricket team toured South Africa from December 2019 to February 2020 to play four Tests , three One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) and three Twenty20 International ( T20I ) matches . The Test series formed part of the inaugural 2019-21 ICC World Test Championship . Cricket South Africa confirmed the fixtures for the tour in May 2019 . In September 2019 , Cricket South Africa raised concerns about hosting the New Year 's Test match at the Newlands Cricket Ground , with regards to financial issues around Western Province Cricket Association 's affairs . The following month , Cricket South Africa confirmed that the venue would host the Test match as planned . Ahead of the Test series , South Africa 's Vernon Philander announced that the series would be his last before retiring from international cricket . In the first Test , England 's James Anderson became the ninth cricketer to play in 150 Test matches . The third Test of the series was England 's 500th to be played overseas . England won the Test series 3-1 , the first time that the England cricket team had won three Tests on a tour to South Africa since 1913-14 . South Africa became the first team to be deducted World Test Championship points , after a slow over-rate in the fourth Test . For the One Day International series , Cricket South Africa appointed Quinton de Kock as the new captain of their ODI team , replacing Faf du Plessis . Du Plessis was also dropped from the ODI squad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Judith_Light", "text": "Judith Ellen Light ( born February 9 , 1949 ) is an American actress , producer , and activist . Light made her professional stage debut in 1970 , before making her Broadway debut in the 1975 revival of A Doll 's House . Her breakthrough role was in the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live from 1977 to 1983 , where she played the role of Karen Wolek . For this role , she won two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series . She later starred as Angela Bower in the long-running ABC sitcom Who 's the Boss ? from 1984 to 1992 , and was featured in many other television sitcoms , dramas and films . She played the recurring role of Elizabeth Donnelly in the NBC legal crime drama Law & Order : Special Victims Unit ( 2002-2010 ) and also played Claire Meade in the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty ( 2006-2010 ) , for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2007 . She received her first nomination for a Tony Award in 2011 , for her performance in the original Broadway play Lombardi . In 2012 and 2013 , Light won two consecutive Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Play , for her performances in Other Desert Cities and The Assembled Parties . From 2013 to 2014 , Light played the role of villainous Judith Brown Ryland in the TNT drama series , Dallas . In 2014 , she began starring as Shelly Pfefferman in the critically acclaimed Amazon Studios dark comedy-drama series Transparent , for which she received Golden Globe , Primetime Emmy , and Critics ' Choice Television Award nominations . In 2019 , she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco_Giants", "text": "The San Francisco Giants are an American professional baseball team based in San Francisco , California . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) West division . Founded in 1883 as the New York Gothams , and renamed three years later the New York Giants , the team eventually moved to San Francisco in 1958 . As one of the longest-established and most successful professional baseball teams , the franchise has won the most games of any team in the history of American baseball . The team was the first major league team based in New York City , most memorably playing at the legendary Polo Grounds . They have won 23 NL pennants and have played in 20 World Series competitions - both NL records . The Giants ' eight World Series championships rank second in the National League and fifth overall ( the New York Yankees are first with 27 , then the St. Louis Cardinals ( the National League record-holders ) with 11 , and the Oakland Athletics and the Boston Red Sox both with 9 ) . The Giants have played in the World Series 20 times - 14 times in New York , six in San Francisco - but boycotted the event in 1904 . Playing as the New York Giants , they won 14 pennants and five World Series championships behind managers such as John McGraw and Bill Terry and players such as Christy Mathewson , Carl Hubbell , Mel Ott , Bobby Thomson , and Willie Mays . The Giants ' franchise has the most Hall of Fame players in all of professional baseball . The Giants ' rivalry with the Los Angeles Dodgers is one of the longest-standing and biggest rivalries in American sports . The teams began their rivalry as the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers , respectively , before both franchises moved west for the 1958 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walton,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Walton ( historically ) was a hamlet that is now a district and civil parish in Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire , England . For local government purposes , it is part of the Danesborough and Walton electoral ward . The historic hamlet is located about four miles south of Central Milton Keynes and just east of Simpson , mostly along Walton Road in the modern Walnut Tree district . The modern H9 Groveway grid road severs a few of its houses into Walton Hall and the V10 Brickhill Street separates the Manor Farm off into the Walton grid square . The Manor Farm has been redeveloped , first into a research centre for Hoechst and subsequently as the UK headquarters of MSD Animal Health . The village name is a common one in England , and is an Old English language word , meaning either 'village of the Britons ' ( wale being a word meaning Briton ) or 'walled village ' . The village is first recorded ( in the 12th century ) as Wauton . The manor house of the village , ( Walton Hall ) and its chapel of ease , now deconsecrated , are in the campus grounds of The Open University , in the Walton Hall district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2008 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad ( Chinese : 第二十九届夏季奥林匹克运动会 ; pinyin : Dì Èrshíjiǔ Jiè Xiàjì Àolínpǐkè Yùndònghuì ) and commonly known as Beijing 2008 , was an international multi-sport event that was held from 8 to 24 August 2008 in Beijing , China . [ b ] A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) competed in 28 sports and 302 events ( one event more than those scheduled for the 2004 Summer Olympics ) . This was the first time that China had hosted the Summer Olympics , but the third time that the Games had been held in East Asia , following the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and the Seoul 1988 Summer Olympics . These were the second summer Olympic Games staged in a Communist country , after the Moscow 1980 Summer Olympics and the third in a developing country after the Mexico City 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union and the first overall Olympics to be hosted by a Communist state since the former Yugoslavia hosted the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo . Beijing was awarded the 2008 Games over four competitors on 13 July 2001 , having won a majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) after two rounds of voting . The Government of the People 's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transport systems . A total of 37 venues were used to host the events , including twelve constructed specifically for the 2008 Olympics . The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong , making this the third Olympics for which the events were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs . [ c ] The sailing events were contested in Qingdao , while the football events took place across several different cities . The official logo for the 2008 Games , titled Dancing Beijing , featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng ( 京 , means capital ) in reference to the host city . The Beijing Olympics was watched by 3,500,000,000 people worldwide and featured the longest distance for an Olympic Torch relay . The event sets numerous world and Olympics records in the history of sports , and is also the most expensive Summer Olympics of all time and second-most expensive overall , after the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ibrahim_Ferrer", "text": "Ibrahim Ferrer ( February 20 , 1927 - August 6 , 2005 ) was a Cuban singer who played with Los Bocucos for nearly forty years . He also performed with Conjunto Sorpresa , Chepín y su Orquesta Oriental and Mario Patterson . After his retirement in 1991 , he was brought back in the studio to record with the Afro-Cuban All Stars and Buena Vista Social Club in March 1996 . He then toured internationally with these revival groups and recorded several solo albums for World Circuit before his death in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Johnson_(defensive_lineman)", "text": "Anthony Johnson ( born January 24 , 1993 ) is an American football defensive end for the DC Defenders of the XFL . He played college football at LSU . During his high school football career at O. Perry Walker High School in New Orleans , Johnson broke the Louisiana career quarterback sack record with 67.5 sacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Medieval", "text": "In the history of Europe , the Middle Ages ( or medieval period ) lasted from the 5th to the 15th century . It began with the fall of the Western Roman Empire and merged into the Renaissance and the Age of Discovery . The Middle Ages is the middle period of the three traditional divisions of Western history : classical antiquity , the medieval period , and the modern period . The medieval period is itself subdivided into the Early , High , and Late Middle Ages . Population decline , counterurbanisation , collapse of centralized authority , invasions , and mass migrations of tribes , which had begun in Late Antiquity , continued in the Early Middle Ages . The large-scale movements of the Migration Period , including various Germanic peoples , formed new kingdoms in what remained of the Western Roman Empire . In the 7th century , North Africa and the Middle East - once part of the Byzantine Empire - came under the rule of the Umayyad Caliphate , an Islamic empire , after conquest by Muhammad 's successors . Although there were substantial changes in society and political structures , the break with classical antiquity was not complete . The still-sizeable Byzantine Empire , Rome 's direct continuation , survived in the Eastern Mediterranean and remained a major power . The empire 's law code , the Corpus Juris Civilis or Code of Justinian , was rediscovered in Northern Italy in 1070 and became widely admired later in the Middle Ages . In the West , most kingdoms incorporated the few extant Roman institutions . Monasteries were founded as campaigns to Christianise pagan Europe continued ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uttar_Pradesh", "text": "Uttar Pradesh ( /ˌʊtər prəˈdɛʃ/ ; IAST : Uttar Pradeś [ ˈʊtːəɾ pɾəˈdeːʃ ] ( listen ) ) is a state in northern India . With roughly 200 million inhabitants , it is the most populous state in India as well as the most populous country subdivision in the world . It was created on 1 April 1937 as the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh during British rule , and was renamed Uttar Pradesh in 1950 . The state is divided into 18 divisions and 75 districts with the capital being Lucknow . On 9 November 2000 , a new state , Uttarakhand , was carved out from the state 's Himalayan hill region . The two major rivers of the state , the Ganga and Yamuna , join at Allahabad ( Prayagraj ) and then flow as the Ganga further east . Hindi is the most widely spoken language and is also the official language of the state , along with Urdu . The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the west , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh and Delhi to the northwest , Uttarakhand and Nepal to the north , Bihar to the east , Madhya Pradesh to the south , and touches the states of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh to the southeast . It covers 243,290 square kilometres ( 93,933 sq mi ) , equal to 7.34% of the total area of India , and is the fourth-largest Indian state by area . Agriculture and service industries are the largest parts of the state 's economy . The service sector comprises travel and tourism , hotel industry , real estate , insurance and financial consultancies . The economy of Uttar Pradesh is the fifth-largest state economy in India with ₹15.42 lakh crore ( US $ 220 billion ) in gross domestic product and a per capita GDP of ₹61,000 ( US $ 860 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ritual", "text": "A ritual is a sequence of activities involving gestures , words , and objects , performed in a sequestered place and according to set sequence . Rituals may be prescribed by the traditions of a community , including a religious community . Rituals are characterized , but not defined , by formalism , traditionalism , invariance , rule-governance , sacral symbolism , and performance . Rituals are a feature of all known human societies . They include not only the worship rites and sacraments of organized religions and cults , but also rites of passage , atonement and purification rites , oaths of allegiance , dedication ceremonies , coronations and presidential inaugurations , marriages , funerals and more . Even common actions like hand-shaking and saying hello may be termed as rituals . The field of ritual studies has seen a number of conflicting definitions of the term . One given by Kyriakidis is that a ritual is an outsider 's or etic category for a set activity ( or set of actions ) that , to the outsider , seems irrational , non-contiguous , or illogical . The term can be used also by the insider or emic performer as an acknowledgement that this activity can be seen as such by the uninitiated onlooker . In psychology , the term ritual is sometimes used in a technical sense for a repetitive behavior systematically used by a person to neutralize or prevent anxiety ; it can be a symptom of obsessive-compulsive disorder but obsessive-compulsive ritualistic behaviors are generally isolated activities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Ripploh", "text": "Frank Ripploh ( September 2 , 1949 - June 24 , 2002 ) was a German actor , film director , and author . He is best remembered for his semi-autobiographical 1980 film Taxi zum Klo . The film , produced on a shoestring budget of 100,000 DM , explored the day-to-day life of a Berlin schoolteacher who also led a very active gay sex life . Extremely explicit for its day , and for some time afterward ( to the point where the film was not passed uncut by the British Board of Film Classification until 2011 ) , Taxi zum Klo was considered groundbreaking for the subject matter it portrayed , and achieved something of a cult status among gay audiences of the time . In 1987 , Ripploh directed a sequel entitled Taxi nach Kairo , but the film was not considered as successful as its predecessor , and it was not released outside Germany . Ripploh also participated in the creation of a small number of other art house films during the 1980s , and had a role in the 1982 movie Querelle directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder . Ripploh died of cancer in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brugg", "text": "Brugg ( sometimes written as Brugg AG in order to distinguish it from other Bruggs ) is a Swiss municipality and a town in the canton of Aargau and is the seat of the district of the same name . The town is located at the confluence of the Aare , Reuss , and Limmat , with the Aare flowing through its medieval part . It is located approximately 16 kilometers ( 9.9 mi ) from the cantonal capital of Aarau ; 28 kilometers ( 17 mi ) from Zürich ; and about 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) from Basel . Brugg is the Swiss German term for bridge ( German : Brücke ) . This is an allusion to the purpose of the medieval town 's establishment under the Habsburgs , as the town is located at the narrowest point on the Aare in the Swiss midlands . The Habsburgs oldest known residence is located in the neighborhood of Altenburg , which had previously been an independent community . Prior to their relocation to Austria , Brugg was the center of the Habsburgs ' territory . Between 1415 and Napoleons invasion in 1798 , Brugg was a subject territory of Bern . Since then it has belonged to the canton of Aargau . The town is the home of the Swiss Farmers Union and is the location of a campus of the University of Applied Sciences and Arts Northwestern Switzerland . Brugg 's Vindonissa museum is listed as a heritage site of national significance . An engineer training unit of the Swiss army is also based in the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NC_State_Wolfpack_football", "text": "The NC State Wolfpack football team represents North Carolina State University in the sport of American football . The Wolfpack competes in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . Prior to joining the ACC in 1953 , the Wolfpack were a member of the Southern Conference . As a founding member of the ACC , the Wolfpack has won seven conference championships and participated in 31 bowl games , of which the team has won 17 , including eight of their last eleven . NC State is currently coached by Dave Doeren . Since 1966 , the Wolfpack has played its home games at Carter-Finley Stadium . On September 16 , 2010 , NC State restored the tradition of having a live mascot on the field . A wolf-like Tamaskan Dog named Tuffy was on the sidelines for the Cincinnati game that day in Raleigh and Tuffy has not missed a Wolfpack football game in Carter-Finley Stadium since ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baljit_Singh_Deo", "text": "Baljit Singh Deo is an Indian music video and movie director in the Punjabi language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Orleans_Hornets", "text": "The New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team based in New Orleans . The Pelicans compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Western Conference Southwest Division . The team plays their home games in the Smoothie King Center . The Pelicans were established as the New Orleans Hornets in the 2002-03 season when then-owner of the Charlotte Hornets , George Shinn , relocated the franchise to New Orleans . Due to the damage caused by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , the franchise temporarily relocated to Oklahoma City , where they spent two seasons officially known as the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets . The team returned to New Orleans full-time for the 2007-08 season . On January 24 , 2013 , the franchise announced it would rename itself the Pelicans , effective after the conclusion of the 2012-13 season . The Charlotte Hornets ' name , history , and records from 1988 to 2002 were returned to its original city to be used by the then Charlotte Bobcats franchise , which subsequently became the Charlotte Hornets , starting May 20 , 2014 . In 16 seasons of play since the original franchise relocated from North Carolina , the Louisiana franchise has achieved an overall regular season record of 610-686 , and has qualified for the playoffs seven times . Their achievements include two playoff series victories and one division title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ten-pin_bowling_at_the_1998_Commonwealth_Games", "text": "The 1998 Commonwealth Games ( Malay : Sukan Komanwel 1998 ) , officially known as the XVI Commonwealth Games ( Malay : Sukan Komanwel ke-16 ) , was a multi-sport event held in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . This edition is marked by several unprecedented facts in the history of the event . The 1998 games were the first held in an Asian country and the last Commonwealth Games of the 20th century . This was also the first time the games took place in a nation with a head of state other than the Head of the Commonwealth , and the first time the games were held in a country whose majority of the population did not have English as the first language . For the first time ever , the games included team sports . The other bid from the 1998 games came from Adelaide in Australia . Malaysia was the eighth nation to host the Commonwealth Games after Canada , England , Australia , New Zealand , Wales , Jamaica and Scotland . Around 3638 athletes from 69 Commonwealth member nations participated at the games which featured 214 events in 15 sports with 34 of them collected medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kara_DioGuardi", "text": "Kara Elizabeth DioGuardi ( /ˈkærə diːoʊˈɡwɑːrdi/ ; born December 9 , 1970 ) is an American songwriter , record producer , music publisher , A & R executive , singer , composer and television personality . She writes music primarily in the pop rock genre . DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists ; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide . DioGuardi is a Grammy and Emmy-nominated writer . She is a 2011 NAMM Music For Life Award winner , 2009 NMPA Songwriter Icon Award winner , 2007 BMI Pop Songwriter of the Year , and has received 20 BMI Awards for co-writing the most performed songs on the radio . DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons . In 2008 , she was appointed to the position of executive vice president of talent development at Warner Bros. Records , and has signed acts such as Jason Derulo and Iyaz . In 2011 , she was a head judge on the Bravo singer-songwriter competition series Platinum Hit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chickenfoot", "text": "Chickenfoot is a rock supergroup formed in 2008 . The group consists of vocalist Sammy Hagar ( ex-Van Halen and Montrose ) , bassist Michael Anthony ( also ex-Van Halen ) , guitarist Joe Satriani , and drummer Chad Smith ( Red Hot Chili Peppers ) . Due to Smith 's consistent recording and touring commitments to the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Kenny Aronoff joined the group in 2011 as a touring replacement drummer . While the band has not formally announced a breakup , in June 2016 Smith said that he had doubts about its survival due to their busy schedules . The group has released two studio albums , one live album and one box set . While the band 's name and logo are a disparaging term for the peace symbol , the footprint of the chicken , bassist Michael Anthony asserts that the name originated from initial jam sessions between Hagar , Smith , and himself : [ T ] here are three talons on a chicken 's foot and there [ were ] three of us . Anthony later stated : [ I ] t was just supposed to be a bullshit name that we 'd used for a while , and then [ when ] the rumors spread about the band , everybody used that name so we thought , ' [ F ] uck it , let 's call it Chickenfoot ' - it all comes down to the music anyway . Chickenfoot 's second studio album , Chickenfoot III , was released on September 27 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clyde_B._Smith", "text": "Clyde B. Smith ( February 4 , 1906 - July 9 , 1976 ) was an American football player , coach , and college athletics administrator . He served as the head football coach at La Crosse State Teachers College - now the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse ( 1938-1942 , 1946-1947 ) , Indiana University ( 1948-1951 ) , and Arizona State University ( 1952-1954 ) , compiling a career college football record of 52-56-4 . From 1955 to 1971 , he was the athletic director at Arizona State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Culiacán", "text": "Culiacán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ kuljaˈkan ] ( listen ) ) is a city in northwestern Mexico . It is the largest city in and the capital of the state of Sinaloa . It is also the seat of Culiacán Municipality . It had an urban population of 785,800 in 2015 while 905,660 lived in the entire municipality . While the municipality has a total area of 4,758 km2 ( 1,837 sq mi ) , the city itself is considerably smaller , measuring only 65 km2 ( 25 sq mi ) . The city is located in a valley at the confluence of the Tamazula and Humaya Rivers , where the two meet to form the Culiacán River , 55 m above sea level . It is in the center of the state , at about the same distance to the two other urban centers of the state : Los Mochis to the north and Mazatlán to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westland_District", "text": "Westland District is a territorial authority on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island . It is administered by the Westland District Council . The district 's population is 8,900 ( June 2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_5000_metres", "text": "The men 's 5000 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom . The event was held at the Olympic Stadium on 8-11 August . The final race started out slowly , the first lap in 74.1 and only that fast because Hayle Ibrahimov accelerated the last 100 . The field continued running splits in the 70s , Lopez Lomong leading through 2000 in a pedestrian 5:56.7 . In the seventh lap Yenew Alamirew moved to the front and accelerated the pace , the next several laps down below 62 , Mo Farah the only one to break up the Ethiopian team at the front . With 700 to go , Farah took the lead , his training partner Galen Rupp joining him with 500 to go , as the rest of the field jostling to be in position to sprint . First Hagos Gebrhiwet challenged , then disappeared . Down the backstretch , Thomas Pkemei Longosiwa challenged , with Abdalaati Iguider immediately behind . Dejen Gebremeskel , Bernard Lagat and Isiah Kiplangat Koech packing up around the final turn . At the head of the stretch , Koech contacted Lagat as he was just coming clear to sprint , Lagat stumbling . Meanwhile , Farah was accelerating ahead of Longosiwa , who could n't handle the speed . Gebremeskel went around the outside with Lagat 's delayed sprint unable to catch Longosiwa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waltz", "text": "The waltz ( from German Walzer [ ˈvalt͡sɐ̯ ] ) is a ballroom and folk dance , normally in triple ( help·info ) time , performed primarily in closed position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wolverhampton_Wanderers_F.C.", "text": "Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club /ˌwʊlvərˈhæmptən/ ( listen ) , commonly known as Wolves , is an English professional football club based in Wolverhampton , West Midlands . Formed as St. Luke 's FC in 1877 , the club has played at Molineux Stadium since 1889 and competes in the Premier League , the top division of English football , after winning the 2017-18 EFL Championship . The Wolves also compete in the 2019-20 UEFA Europa League : this is the first time the club has qualified for a European tournament for 39 years , by virtue of finishing in seventh place in the 2018-19 Premier League , their first season in the top tier since the 2011-12 season . Wolves was one of the founding members of the Football League in 1888 . The club in 2019-20 is enjoying its 65th season of top flight football ; Wolves 's longest continuous period in the top tier was 26 consecutive seasons in the 33 years between 1932 and 1965 ( n.b . there was no league football between 1939 and 1946 due to World War II ) . In the 1950s , Wolves were English League champions three times ( 1953-54 , 1957-58 and 1958-59 ) , under the management of Stan Cullis . Wolves have also finished League runners-up on five occasions , most recently in 1959-60 . Wolves have won the FA Cup four times , most recently in 1960 , and finished runners-up on a further four occasions . The club has also won the Football League Cup twice , in 1974 and 1980 . In 1953 , Wolves was one of the first British clubs to install floodlights , taking part in televised floodlit friendlies against leading overseas club sides between 1953 and 1956 in the run-up to the creation of the European Cup in 1955 and the first participation of an English club side in that competition in 1956 . Wolves reached the quarter-finals of the 1959-60 European Cup and the semi-finals of the 1960-61 European Cup Winners ' Cup , and were runners-up to Tottenham Hotspur in the inaugural UEFA Cup Final in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canopus_(nuclear_test)", "text": "Canopus ( also Opération Canopus in French ) was the code name for France 's first two-stage thermonuclear test , conducted on August 24 , 1968 , at Fangataufa atoll . The test made France the fifth country to test a thermonuclear device after the United States , the Soviet Union , the United Kingdom and China ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northern_yellow_bat", "text": "The northern yellow bat ( Lasiurus intermedius ) is a non-migratory bat in the family Vespertilionidae , typically active year-round except during abnormally frigid winter weather , during which they will induce torpor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gabe_Ikard", "text": "Gabe Ikard ( born September 26 , 1990 ) is a former American football center of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2014 . He played college football at Oklahoma and spent parts of four seasons on the active rosters of the Buffalo Bills , Cleveland Browns and Detroit Lions . Ikard is the radio host of The Franchise Players on 107.7 The Franchise in Oklahoma City . He also co-hosts Big 12 Today on Big 12 Radio ( SiriusXM channel 375 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Isle", "text": "The Black Isle ( Scottish Gaelic : an t-Eilean Dubh , pronounced [ ən̪ˠ ˈtʲʰelan ˈt̪ʰuh ] ) is a peninsula within Ross and Cromarty , in the Scottish Highlands . It includes the towns of Cromarty and Fortrose , and the villages of Culbokie , Jemimaville , Rosemarkie , Avoch , Munlochy , Tore , North Kessock and Muir of Ord , as well as numerous smaller settlements . About 12,000 people live on the Black Isle , depending on the definition . The northern slopes of the Black Isle offer fine views of Dingwall , Ben Wyvis , Fyrish and the deepwater anchorage at Invergordon . To the south , Inverness and the Monadhliath Mountains can be seen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_Twins", "text": "The Minnesota Twins are an American professional baseball team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The team is named after the Twin Cities area comprising Minneapolis and St. Paul . The franchise was founded in Washington , D.C. in 1901 as the Washington Senators . The team relocated to Minnesota and was renamed the Minnesota Twins at the start of the 1961 season . The Twins played in Metropolitan Stadium from 1961 to 1981 and in the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome from 1982 to 2009 . The team played its inaugural game at Target Field on April 12 , 2010 . The franchise won the World Series in 1924 as the Senators , and in 1987 and 1991 as the Twins . Through the 2019 season , the team has fielded 19 American League batting champions . The team has hosted five All-Star Games : 1937 and 1956 in Washington , D.C. ; and 1965 , 1985 , and 2014 in Minneapolis-St. Paul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ostragehege", "text": "Ostragehege is a multi-use sports venue in Dresden , Germany . Key buildings of the venue include the Heinz-Steyer-Stadion and the ice hockey stadium of the Dresdner Eislöwen ( or Dresden ice lions ) . The stadium was the primary aiming point for No . 5 Group RAF squadron during the Dresden bombings of February 1945 . Bomb runs were timed and direction calculated to fan out from this point , causing massive devastation and a fire-storm which killed tens of thousands . The slaughterhouse on the site was where Kurt Vonnegut was imprisoned in 1945 , and where he set his novel Slaughterhouse-Five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Jonas", "text": "Nicholas Jerry Jonas ( born September 16 , 1992 ) is an American singer , songwriter and actor . Jonas began acting in theater at the age of seven , and released his debut single in 2002 which caught the attention of Columbia Records where Jonas formed a band with his older brothers , Joe and Kevin , known as the Jonas Brothers . The group released their debut studio album It 's About Time through the Columbia label in 2006 . After leaving Columbia Records and signing with Hollywood Records , the group released their self-titled second studio album in 2007 , which became their breakthrough record . The band became prominent figures on the Disney Channel during this time , gaining a large following through the network and they appeared in the widely successful musical television film Camp Rock ( 2008 ) and its sequel Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam ( 2010 ) as well as two of their own series , Jonas Brothers : Living the Dream ( 2008-2010 ) and Jonas ( 2009-2010 ) . The band 's third studio album , A Little Bit Longer ( 2008 ) , saw continued commercial success for the group ; the album 's lead single Burnin ' Up hit the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . Following the release of their fourth studio album , Lines , Vines and Trying Times ( 2009 ) , the Jonas Brothers confirmed a hiatus . Nick formed a new band known as Nick Jonas & the Administration , who released the album Who I Am in 2010 . Afterward , Jonas shifted his focus to acting and had a recurring role on the television series Smash . After the group 's official disbandment in 2013 , Jonas began work on his second solo studio album , signing with Island Records and releasing Nick Jonas through the label in 2014 , which saw the commercial success of the single Jealous . Jonas later co-founded Safehouse Records , a record label in conjunction with the Island and Hollywood labels . His third studio album Last Year Was Complicated ( 2016 ) peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London_Borough_of_Croydon", "text": "The London Borough of Croydon ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is a London borough in South London , part of Outer London . It covers an area of 87 km2 ( 33.6 sq mi ) . It is the southernmost borough of London . At its centre is the historic town of Croydon from which the borough takes its name ; while other urban centres include Coulsdon , Purley , South Norwood , and Thornton Heath . Croydon is mentioned in Domesday Book , and from a small market town has expanded into one of the most populous areas on the fringe of London . The borough is now one of London 's leading business , financial and cultural centres , and its influence in entertainment and the arts contribute to its status as a major metropolitan centre . The borough was formed in 1965 from the merger of the County Borough of Croydon with Coulsdon and Purley Urban District , both of which had been within Surrey . The local authority , Croydon London Borough Council , is now part of London Councils , the local government association for Greater London . The economic strength of Croydon dates back mainly to Croydon Airport which was a major factor in the development of Croydon as a business centre . Once London 's main airport for all international flights to and from the capital , it was closed on 30 September 1959 due to the lack of expansion space needed for an airport to serve the growing city . It is now a Grade II listed building and tourist attraction . Croydon Council and its predecessor Croydon Corporation unsuccessfully applied for city status in 1954 , 2000 , 2002 and 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gothic_architecture", "text": "Gothic architecture ( Latin : francigenum opus ) is a style that flourished in Europe during the High and Late Middle Ages . It evolved from Romanesque architecture and was succeeded by Renaissance architecture . Originating in 12th-century France , it was widely used , especially for cathedrals and churches , until the 16th century . Its most prominent features included the use of the rib vault and the flying buttress , which allowed the weight of the roof to be counterbalanced by buttresses outside the building , giving greater height and more space for windows . Another important feature was the extensive use of stained glass and the rose window , to bring light and color to the interior . Another feature was the use of realistic statuary on the exterior , particularly over the portals , to illustrate biblical stories for the largely illiterate parishioners . Some key architectural features , such as the pointed arch and a decorative kind of rib vault , existed earlier outside Europe , and may have been derived from Islamic architecture . These features had both existed in Romanesque architecture , but they were used more extensively and in more innovative ways to make Gothic cathedrals higher , stronger , and filled with light . The first important example is generally considered to be the Basilica of Saint-Denis , near Paris , whose choir was reconstructed with Gothic rib vaults and large stained glass windows between 1140 and 1144 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ciénaga,_Magdalena", "text": "Ciénaga ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈsjenaɣa ] ) is a municipality and a town in the Magdalena Department , Colombia , the second largest population center in this department , after the city of Santa Marta . It is situated at 11° 00 ' North , 74° 15 ' West , between the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta , the Caribbean Sea and the Ciénaga Grande de Santa Marta marsh in northern Colombia . The town is situated in the northern part of Magdalena , 35 km from Santa Marta . According to estimations , in 2019 , there were 105,510 inhabitants . The mean annual temperature is 34 °C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kakamega", "text": "Kakamega is a town in western Kenya lying about 30 km north of the Equator . It is the headquarters of Kakamega County that has a population of 1,867,579 ( 2019 census ) . Kakamega is 52 km north of Kisumu , the third largest city in Kenya and a port city on Lake Victoria . The average elevation of Kakamega is 1,535 metres . Kakamega county is Kenya 's second most populous county after Nairobi . The county has 9 constituencies in total , namely Butere , Mumias East , Matungu , Khwisero , Shinyalu , Lurambi , ikolomani , Lugari and Malava . Kakamega was so named because the word kakamega translates roughly to pinch in Kiluhyah , which was used to describe how European colonists would eat the staple food , ugali ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jayuya", "text": "Jayuya ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xaˈʝuʝa ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico ( U.S. ) located in the mountainous center region of the island , north of Ponce ; east of Utuado ; and west of Ciales . Jayuya is spread over 10 wards and Jayuya Pueblo ( The downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is the principal city of the Jayuya Micropolitan Statistical Area . Named after the Taino tribal leader , Hayuya , Jayuya is known for its skilled wood carvers . Among its monuments are the statue of Nemesio Canales and the bust of Hayuya , both by the Puerto Rican sculptor Tomás Batista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bharat_Ka_Veer_Putra_–_Maharana_Pratap", "text": "Maharana Pratap , is an Indian historical fiction produced by Contiloe Entertainment . It is based on the life of Maharana Pratap , a sixteenth century Hindu Rajput ruler of Mewar kingdom , a small region in north-western India in the present day state of Rajasthan . The series premiered on 27 May 2013 . [ citation needed ] The final episode of the series aired on 10 December 2015 . [ citation needed ] The first season mainly covers the teenage years of Maharana Pratap . The second season ends with Pratap 's death from illness and the coronation of his son , Amar Singh , as the next Rana of Mewar . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kongsvinger_IL_Toppfotball", "text": "Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball is a Norwegian football club from the town of Kongsvinger in Hedmark , founded in 1892 . Its home ground is Gjemselund Stadion . It is part of sporting association , Kongsvinger IL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1968_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1968 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malavika_Nair_(actress,_born_1996)", "text": "Not to be confused with the younger actress of the same name Malvika Nair is an Indian film actress who has appeared in Malayalam , Telugu and Tamil language films as a child . After appearing in minor supporting roles in several Malayalam films in 2012 , she played her first lead role in the Malayalam film Black Butterfly ( 2013 ) . She was praised for her performance as a blind girl in Cuckoo ( 2014 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1942_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1942 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 10th season in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team improved on their previous season result of 1-9-1 with a record of 7-4-0 , which was good enough for 2nd place in the NFL East . This was the franchise 's first ever winning record . For the second straight year , the team held training camp in Hershey , Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Brannan_Cottage", "text": "The Sam Brannan Cottage , at 109 Wapoo Ave. in Calistoga , California , was built in 1862 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . The listing included four contributing buildings . It was originally a 22 by 41 feet ( 6.7 m × 12.5 m ) wood frame building , but has been somewhat modified . Its National Register nomination states that it is :"}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Helsinki", "text": "The University of Helsinki ( Finnish : Helsingin yliopisto , Swedish : Helsingfors universitet , Latin : Universitas Helsingiensis , abbreviated UH ) is a university located in Helsinki , Finland since 1829 , but founded in the city of Turku ( in Swedish Åbo ) in 1640 as the Royal Academy of Åbo , at that time part of the Swedish Empire . It is the oldest and largest university in Finland with the widest range of disciplines available . Around 36,500 students are currently enrolled in the degree programs of the university spread across 11 faculties and 11 research institutes . As of 1 August 2005 , the university complies with the harmonized structure of the Europe-wide Bologna Process and offers Bachelor , Master , Licenciate , and Doctoral degrees . Admission to degree programmes is usually determined by entrance examinations , in the case of bachelor 's degrees , and by prior degree results , in the case of master and postgraduate degrees . Entrance is particularly selective ( circa 15% of the yearly applicants are admitted ) . It has been ranked a top 100 university in the world according to the 2016 ARWU , QS and THE rankings . The university is bilingual , with teaching by law provided both in Finnish and Swedish . Since Swedish , albeit an official language of Finland , is a minority language , Finnish is by far the dominating language at the university . Teaching in English is extensive throughout the university at Master , Licentiate , and Doctoral levels , making it a de facto third language of instruction . Remaining true to its traditionally strong Humboldtian ethos , the University of Helsinki places heavy emphasis on high-quality teaching and research of a top international standard . It is a member of various prominent international university networks , such as Europaeum , UNICA , the Utrecht Network , and is a founding member of the League of European Research Universities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johor_Darul_Ta'zim_F.C.", "text": "Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club ( Malay : Kelab Bola Sepak Johor Darul Ta'zim ) , or simply JDT , is a football club based in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia . The club was founded in 1972 ( as PKENJ FC ) and currently plays in the top division of Malaysian football , the Malaysia Super League . The club is owned by Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim . In 2014 , JDT gained their first major honour by winning the national league during the first season under Croatian manager Bojan Hodak . Under Argentine Mario Gómez 's tutelage , they won the 2015 AFC Cup as well as the Malaysian Piala Sumbangsih and 2015 Super League . By winning the AFC Cup , JDT became the second Malaysian team since 1967 to enter a final of a major continental competition , and the first ever Malaysian club to win a continental title . JDT is the first team in the country to win six consecutive league titles ( 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 ) . Before this achievement , no team had ever won the league championship more than twice in a row since the league system was first introduced in Malaysia in 1979 . Since 2012 , Johor Darul Ta'zim FC also implied a new nickname Southern Tigers ( Malay : Harimau Selatan ) , replacing the old nickname Jengking ( Scorpion ) . The new nickname is based on the Johor State Council coat of arms . The team 's home ground is a 40,000 capacity Sultan Ibrahim Larkin Stadium . Since 2013 , the club has developed a fierce rivalry with Pahang FA and Felda United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Javier_Fernández_(figure_skater)", "text": "Javier Fernández López ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xaˈβjeɾ feɾˈnandeθ ˈlopeθ ] ; born 15 April 1991 ) is a former Spanish figure skater . He is the 2018 Olympic bronze medalist , a two-time World champion ( 2015 , 2016 ) , a two-time World bronze medalist ( 2013 , 2014 ) , a seven-time European champion ( 2013-2019 ) , a two-time Grand Prix Final silver medalist ( 2014 , 2015 ) , a three-time Rostelecom Cup champion ( 2014-2016 ) , a two-time Grand Prix in France champion ( 2016-2017 ) and an eight-time Spanish national champion ( 2010 , 2012-2018 ) . In addition to his bronze medal at the 2018 Winter Olympics , Fernández placed 14th at the 2010 Winter Olympics and 4th at the 2014 Winter Olympics . He is the first skater from Spain to medal at an Olympic Games , ISU Championship or a Grand Prix event . Fernández is the second man to break the 100-point barrier in the short program , the 200-point barrier in the long program , and the 300-point barrier in the total score . As of 24 May 2017 , he has the second highest personal best scores in both segments and third highest in the combined score . In recognition of his achievements , Fernández received the Gold Medal of the Royal Order of Sports Merit by the Spanish government on 19 April 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aude", "text": "Aude ( French : [ od ] ; Occitan : [ ˈawðe ] ) is a department in Southern France , located in the Occitanie region and named after the Aude River . The departmental council also calls it Cathar Country ( French : Pays cathare ) after a group of religious dissidents active in the 12th century . Its prefecture is Carcassonne and its subprefectures are Limoux and Narbonne . As of 2016 , it had a population of 368,025 . Aude is a frequent feminine French given name in Francophone countries , deriving initially from Aude or Oda , a wife of Bertrand , Duke of Aquitaine , and mother of Eudo , brother of Saint Hubertus . Aude was the name of Roland 's fiancée in the chansons de geste ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colonial_Brazil", "text": "Colonial Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil Colonial ) comprises the period from 1500 , with the arrival of the Portuguese , until 1815 , when Brazil was elevated to a kingdom in union with Portugal as the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves . During the early 300 years of Brazilian colonial history , the economic exploitation of the territory was based first on brazilwood ( pau brazil ) extraction ( 16th century ) , which gave the territory its name ; sugar production ( 16th-18th centuries ) ; and finally on gold and diamond mining ( 18th century ) . Slaves , especially those brought from Africa , provided most of the work force of the Brazilian export economy after a brief period of Indian slavery to cut brazilwood . In contrast to the neighboring Spanish possessions , which had several viceroyalties with jurisdiction initially over New Spain ( Mexico ) and Peru , and in the eighteenth century expanded to viceroyalties of Rio de la Plata and New Granada , the Portuguese colony of Brazil was settled mainly in the coastal area by the Portuguese and a large black slave population working sugar plantations and mines . The boom and bust economic cycles were linked to export products . Brazil 's sugar age , with the development of plantation slavery , merchants serving as middle men between production sites , Brazilian ports , and Europe was undermined by the growth of the sugar industry in the Caribbean on islands that European powers seized from Spain . Gold and diamonds were discovered and mined in southern Brazil through the end of the colonial era . Brazilian cities were largely port cities and the colonial administrative capital was moved several times in response to the rise and fall of export products ' importance . Unlike Spanish America , which fragmented into many republics upon independence , Brazil remained a single administrative unit under a monarch , giving rise to the largest country in Latin America . Just as European Spanish and Roman Catholicism were a core source of cohesion among Spain 's vast and multi-ethnic territories , Brazilian society was united by the Portuguese language and Roman Catholic faith . As the only Lusophone polity in the Americas , the Portuguese language was particularly important to Brazilian identity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1947_Texas_A&M_Aggies_football_team", "text": "The 1947 Texas A & M Aggies football team was an American football team that represented Texas A & M University in the Southwest Conference during the 1947 college football season . In its 14th season under head coach Homer H. Norton , the team compiled a 3-6-1 record ( 1-4-1 against conference opponents ) , tied for fifth place in the conference , and was outscored by a total of 185 to 169 . The team played its home games at Kyle Field in College Station , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mariana_Vega", "text": "Mariana Vega ( born 11 February 1985 ) is a Venezuelan singer-songwriter , successful in her native country and Mexico , and the winner of the Latin Grammy for Best New Artist in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WDXO", "text": "WDXO ( 92.9 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format . Licensed to Hazlehurst , Mississippi , United States , the station is currently owned by Telesouth Communications . On May 1 , 2008 WDXO changed their format from oldies to sports , branded as The Ticket . On June 1 , 2018 , WDXO-FM changed their format from sports to classic hits , branded as 929 Jack FM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Louis_Cardinals", "text": "The St. Louis Cardinals are an American professional baseball team based in St. Louis , Missouri . The Cardinals compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . Busch Stadium has been their home ballpark since 2006 . One of the nation 's oldest and most successful professional baseball clubs , the Cardinals have won 11 World Series championships , more than any other NL team and second in MLB only to the New York Yankees . The team has won 19 National League pennants , third-most of any team . St. Louis has also won 14 division titles in the East and Central divisions . In 1881 , entrepreneur Chris von der Ahe purchased the Brown Stockings barnstorming club , renamed it the St. Louis Browns , and made it a charter member of the American Association ( AA ) baseball league . The team won four league championships , qualifying them to play in the era 's professional baseball championship tournament , a forerunner of the modern World Series . In two of these championships , the Browns met the Chicago White Stockings , launching the enduring Cardinals-Cubs rivalry . In 1892 , the Browns - also called the Perfectos - joined the National League of Professional Base Ball Clubs , later renamed the National League . In 1900 , the team was renamed the Cardinals . ( Two years later , an unrelated St. Louis Browns team joined the American League . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Greater_Boston", "text": "Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston , the capital of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England , as well as its surrounding areas . The region forms the northern arc of the US northeast megalopolis and as such , Greater Boston can be described either as a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) , or as a broader combined statistical area ( CSA ) . The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts , excluding the South Coast region and Cape Cod ; while the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Manchester ( the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire ) , Worcester , Massachusetts ( the second largest city in New England ) , as well as the South Coast region and Cape Cod in Massachusetts . While the small footprint of the city of Boston itself only contains an estimated 685,094 , the urbanization has extended well into surrounding areas ; the CSA is one of two in Massachusetts , the only other being Greater Springfield . Greater Boston is the only CSA-form statistical area in New England which crosses into three states ( Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Rhode Island ) . Some of Greater Boston 's most well-known contributions involve the region 's higher education and medical institutions . Greater Boston has been influential upon American history and industry . The region and the state of Massachusetts are global leaders in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade . Over 80% of Massachusetts ' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan region . Greater Boston is ranked tenth in population among US metropolitan statistical areas , home to 4,875,390 people as of the 2018 US Census estimate , and sixth among combined statistical areas , with a population of 8,285,407 . The area has hosted many people and sites significant to American culture and history , particularly American literature , politics , and the American Revolution . Plymouth was the site of the first colony in New England , founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pietermaritzburg", "text": "Pietermaritzburg ( /ˌpiːtərˈmærɪtsbɜːrɡ/ ; Zulu : umGungundlovu ) is the capital and second-largest city in the province of KwaZulu-Natal , South Africa . It was founded in 1838 and is currently governed by the Msunduzi Local Municipality . Its Zulu name umGungundlovu is the name used for the district municipality . Pietermaritzburg is popularly called Maritzburg in Afrikaans , English and Zulu alike , and often informally abbreviated to PMB . It is a regionally important industrial hub , producing aluminium , timber and dairy products , as well as the main economic hub of Umgungundlovu District Municipality . The public sector is a major employer in the city due to the local , district and provincial governments being located here . It is home to many schools and tertiary education institutions , including a campus of the University of KwaZulu-Natal . It had a population of 228,549 in 1991 ; the current population is estimated at over 600,000 residents ( including neighbouring townships ) and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Outlet_Communications", "text": "The Outlet Company was a corporation based in Providence , Rhode Island , which owned holdings in both retail and broadcasting . The centerpieces of the group was its flagship Providence store ( The Outlet ) and WJAR radio and television , also in Providence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008–09_Iranian_Futsal_Super_League", "text": "The following is the standings of the Futsal Super League 's 2008/09 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1936_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1936 Summer Olympics , 14 wrestling events were contested , all for men . There were seven weight classes in Greco-Roman wrestling and seven classes in freestyle wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Reid_(actor)", "text": "Robert James Marquinez Reid ( born 11 May 1993 ) is a Filipino-Australian actor , singer-songwriter , dancer , model , record producer and record label executive . He began his professional acting career in the early 2010s after being named as Big Winner of Pinoy Big Brother : Teen Clash 2010 . He then rose to prominence for his leading role in the film Diary ng Panget ( 2014 ) . Reid has since starred in Philippines movies , such as Talk Back and You 're Dead ( 2014 ) , Para sa Hopeless Romantic ( 2015 ) , This Time ( 2016 ) and Never Not Love You ( 2018 ) . He also starred in the Philippine TV series Good Vibes ( 2011 ) , On the Wings of Love ( 2015-16 ) , and Till I Met You ( 2016-17 ) . Reid has released three studio albums : his self-titled debut album James Reid ( 2013 ) , Reid Alert ( 2015 ) , and Palm Dreams ( 2017 ) as his first self-produced album under his own record label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nawaf_Al-Ahmad_Al-Jaber_Al-Sabah", "text": "Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah ( Arabic : الشيخ نواف الأحمد الجابر الصباح Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Jābir as-Sabāh , born 25 June 1937 ) is the Crown Prince of Kuwait and Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait . He is a half-brother of the Emir of Kuwait , Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah . Nawaf was nominated as Crown Prince on 7 February 2006 against the tradition of the Al-Sabah family , according to which the offices of Emir and Crown Prince alternate between the Al-Jaber and Al-Salem branches . He is currently the oldest Crown Prince in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_House_on_the_Prairie_(TV_series)", "text": "Little House on the Prairie ( known as Little House : A New Beginning in its final season ) is an American western drama television series , starring Michael Landon , Melissa Gilbert , Karen Grassle , and Melissa Sue Anderson , about a family living on a farm in Walnut Grove , Minnesota , in the 1870s , 1880s and 1890s . The show is an adaptation of Laura Ingalls Wilder 's best-selling series of Little House books . Television producer and NBC executive Ed Friendly became aware of the story in the early 1970s . He asked Michael Landon to direct the pilot movie ; Landon agreed on the condition that he could also play Charles Ingalls . The regular series was preceded by a two-hour pilot movie , which first aired on March 30 , 1974 . The series premiered on the NBC network on September 11 , 1974 , and last aired on May 10 , 1982 . During the 1982-83 television season , with the departure of Landon and Grassle , the series was broadcast with the new title Little House : A New Beginning ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ace_Atkins", "text": "Ace Atkins ( born June 28 , 1970 ) is an American journalist and author . Atkins worked as a crime reporter in the newsroom of The Tampa Tribune before he published his first novel , Crossroad Blues , in 1998 . He became a full-time novelist at the age of 30 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Field_marshal_(India)", "text": "Field marshal ( or field marshal , abbreviated as FM ) is a five-star general officer rank and the highest attainable rank in the Indian Army . Field marshal is ranked immediately above general , but not exercised in the regular army structure . It is a largely ceremonial or wartime rank , having been awarded only twice . A field marshal 's insignia consists of the national emblem over a crossed baton and sabre in a lotus blossom wreath . Sam Manekshaw was the first field marshal of India , and was conferred the rank on 1 January 1973 . The second was Kodandera M. Cariappa , who was conferred the rank on 15 January 1986 . Field marshal is equivalent to an admiral of the fleet in the Indian Navy and a Marshal of the Indian Air Force in the Indian Air Force . In the navy , admiral of the fleet has never been awarded , but from the air force , Arjan Singh was promoted to the marshal of the air force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Antonio,_Texas", "text": "San Antonio ( /ˌsæn ænˈtoʊnioʊ/ ; from Spanish , Saint Anthony , Spanish pronunciation : [ sa.n‿anˈto.njo ] ) , officially the City of San Antonio , is the seventh-most populous city in the United States , and the second-most populous city in both Texas and the Southern United States , with more than 1.5 million residents . Founded as a Spanish mission and colonial outpost in 1718 , the city became the first chartered civil settlement in present-day Texas in 1731 . The area was still part of the Spanish Empire , and later of the Mexican Republic . It is the state 's oldest municipality , having celebrated its 300th anniversary on May 1 , 2018 . The city 's deep history is contrasted with its rapid growth over the past few decades . It was the fastest-growing of the top ten largest cities in the United States from 2000 to 2010 , and the second from 1990 to 2000 . Straddling the regional divide between South and Central Texas , San Antonio anchors the southwestern corner of an urban megaregion colloquially known as the Texas Triangle . The Greater San Antonio and Greater Austin areas are separated from each other by 80 miles along Interstate 35 between which lie the city of New Braunfels , Texas . San Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County ; San Antonio is the center of the San Antonio-New Braunfels metropolitan statistical area . Commonly called Greater San Antonio , the metro area has a population of 2,473,974 based on the 2017 U.S. census estimate , making it the 24th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and third-largest in Texas . San Antonio was named by a 1691 Spanish expedition for Saint Anthony of Padua , whose feast day is June 13 . The city contains five 18th-century Spanish frontier missions , including The Alamo and San Antonio Missions National Historical Park , which together were designated UNESCO World Heritage sites in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Third_baseman", "text": "A third baseman , abbreviated 3B , is the player in baseball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base - the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run . In the scoring system used to record defensive plays , the third baseman is assigned the number ' 5 ' . The third baseman requires good reflexes in reacting to batted balls , as he is often the closest infielder ( roughly 90-120 feet ) to the batter . The third base position requires a strong and accurate arm , as the third baseman often makes long throws to first base . The third baseman sometimes must throw quickly to second base in time to start a double play . The third baseman must also field fly balls in fair and foul territory . Third base is known as the hot corner , because the third baseman is relatively close to the batter and most right-handed hitters tend to hit the ball hard in this direction . A third baseman must possess good hand-eye coordination and quick reactions in order to catch hard line drives sometimes in excess of 125 miles per hour ( 201 km/h ) . Third basemen often must begin in a position even closer to the batter if a bunt is expected , creating a hazard if the ball is instead hit sharply . As with middle infielders , right-handed throwing players are standard at the position because they do not need to turn their body before throwing across the infield to first base . Mike Squires , who played fourteen games at third base in 1982 and 1983 , is a very rare example of a third baseman who threw lefty . Some third basemen have been converted from middle infielders or outfielders because the position does not require them to run as fast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1953–54_NHL_season", "text": "The 1953-54 NHL season was the 37th season of the National Hockey League . Six teams each played 70 games . The Detroit Red Wings defeated the Montreal Canadiens in the final to win the team 's sixth championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carrington,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Carrington is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) north from the market town of Boston . The village was created a township in 1812 after the drainage of the West Fen in 1802 , and became a civil parish in 1858 . The civil parish of Carrington also includes the village of New Bolingbroke , 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) to the north . and the hamlet of Medlam . The parish has a population of 564 according to the 2001 Census , reducing slightly to 554 at the 2011 Census . Carrington church is dedicated to St Paul , and was built of red brick in 1816 under the Fen Chapel Act ( 1816 ) , with its chancel being added in 1872 . It is a Grade II listed building . Carrington 's school , the Medlam School , was opened in February 1881 by the West Fen United District School Board which existed from 1879 to 1903 . By the time of its closure in 1987 it was known as Carrington County Primary School . Children now attend school in nearby Stickney . Carrington Rally is an annual event which has taken place each spring for over 50 years , and is a steam and tractor show which supports local charities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liverpool_John_Lennon_Airport", "text": "Liverpool John Lennon Airport ( IATA : LPL , ICAO : EGGP ) is an international airport serving North West England . Its CAA Public Use Aerodrome Licence Number is P735 . On the outbreak of World War II , the airport was operated by the RAF and known as RAF Speke . The airport is within the City of Liverpool on the banks of the estuary of the River Mersey some 6.5 nautical miles ( 12.0 km ; 7.5 mi ) southeast of the city centre . Originally called Speke Airport , the airport was renamed after Liverpudlian musician John Lennon of the Beatles in 2001 . Scheduled domestic , European , and North African services are operated from the airport . Between 1997-2007 , the facility was one of Europe 's fastest-growing airports , increasing annual passenger numbers from 689,468 in 1997 to 5.47 million in 2007 . Despite passenger numbers having decreased to just over 4.8 million in 2016 , this was an 11.1% increase on the 2015 total , making it the 12th-busiest airport in the UK . The airport served 4.95 million passengers in 2017 , an increase of 3% over 2016 . The airport handled just over 5 million passengers 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1950_Illinois_Fighting_Illini_football_team", "text": "The 1950 Illinois Fighting Illini football team was an American football team that represented the University of Illinois during the 1950 Big Nine Conference football season . In their ninth year under head coach Ray Eliot , the Illini compiled a 7-2 record , finished in fourth place in the Big Ten Conference , and were ranked # 13 in the final AP Poll . The lone setbacks were losses Wisconsin and Northwestern . End Tony Klimek was selected as the team 's most valuable player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_Hendry", "text": "Edward Colin James Hendry ( born 7 December 1965 ) is a Scottish football player and coach . Hendry , who played as a defender , started his career with Dundee in 1983. and spent spells at Blackburn Rovers , Manchester City , Rangers , Coventry City , Bolton Wanderers and Blackpool . He was part of the Blackburn squad that won the English Premiership in 1995 and the Rangers squad that won the Scottish domestic treble in 1998-99 . He has had management stints at Blackpool and Clyde ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 16 , 2014 and ended June 13 , 2014 when the Los Angeles Kings defeated the New York Rangers four games to one in the Stanley Cup Final . For the first time since 1973 , only one Canadian team qualified for the playoffs : the Montreal Canadiens . This was also the first time since the 1978 Stanley Cup playoffs that no playoff games were played in Western Canada . The Detroit Red Wings increased their consecutive playoff appearance streak to 23 seasons , the longest streak at the time and the fifth longest streak in NHL history . The Dallas Stars ended the league 's third longest active playoff appearance drought , qualifying for the postseason for the first time in six years . For the third time in four years , all three California-based teams again made the playoffs . The Columbus Blue Jackets won their first franchise playoff game on April 19 , 2014 , and their first ever franchise playoff home game at Nationwide Arena on April 23 , 2014 , both against the Pittsburgh Penguins . Three Original Six teams reached the Conference Finals , the first time this has occurred since 1979 . The 2013-14 playoffs opening round featured leads changing hands more so than any other year . After the Anaheim Ducks rallied from a 4-2 deficit to defeat the Dallas Stars in game six of their opening round series on April 27 , 2014 , an NHL record was broken for most multi-goal comebacks by all teams in the opening round , with ten . In all four rounds combined in the previous year 's playoffs , there were only eight such victories . It also marked just the fourth time in NHL playoff history that a team who led a series 3-0 in a seven-game series failed to advance , when the San Jose Sharks lost to the Los Angeles Kings in game seven of the opening round on April 30 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buller_(New_Zealand_electorate)", "text": "Buller is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate , from 1871 to 1972 . It was represented by eleven Members of Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Innerspeaker", "text": "Innerspeaker is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Tame Impala . Recorded at a remote beach shack in Western Australia during the winter of 2009 , the album was released on 21 May 2010 by Modular Recordings . Innerspeaker was acclaimed by critics for its reminiscence of 1960s psychedelic rock and was recognized as the 83rd Best Album of the Decade So Far by Pitchfork in August 2014 . The album peaked at number 4 on the ARIA Charts and was certified platinum in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean_Saubert", "text": "Jean Marlene Saubert ( May 1 , 1942 - May 14 , 2007 ) was an alpine ski racer from the United States . She won two medals in the 1964 Winter Olympics at Innsbruck , Austria . After graduating from college , Saubert became an educator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victorian_architecture", "text": "Victorian architecture is a series of architectural revival styles in the mid-to-late 19th century . Victorian refers to the reign of Queen Victoria ( 1837-1901 ) , called the Victorian era , during which period the styles known as Victorian were used in construction . However , many elements of what is typically termed Victorian architecture did not become popular until later in Victoria 's reign . The styles often included interpretations and eclectic revivals of historic styles . The name represents the British and French custom of naming architectural styles for a reigning monarch . Within this naming and classification scheme , it followed Georgian architecture and later Regency architecture , and was succeeded by Edwardian architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Australia", "text": "South Australia ( abbreviated as SA ) is a state in the southern central part of Australia . It covers some of the most arid parts of the country . With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres ( 379,725 sq mi ) , it is the fourth-largest of Australia 's states and territories by area , and fifth largest by population . It has a total of 1.7 million people , and its population is the second most highly centralised in Australia , after Western Australia , with more than 77 percent of South Australians living in the capital , Adelaide , or its environs . Other population centres in the state are relatively small ; Mount Gambier , the second largest centre , has a population of 28,684 . South Australia shares borders with all of the other mainland states , and with the Northern Territory ; it is bordered to the west by Western Australia , to the north by the Northern Territory , to the north-east by Queensland , to the east by New South Wales , to the south-east by Victoria , and to the south by the Great Australian Bight . The state comprises less than 8 percent of the Australian population and ranks fifth in population among the six states and two territories . The majority of its people reside in greater Metropolitan Adelaide . Most of the remainder are settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray . The state 's colonial origins are unique in Australia as a freely settled , planned British province , rather than as a convict settlement . Colonial government commenced on 28 December 1836 , when the members of the council were sworn in near the Old Gum Tree . [ citation needed ] As with the rest of the continent , the region has a long history of human occupation by numerous tribes and languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Somerton_and_Frome_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Somerton and Frome is a constituency [ n 1 ] represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by David Warburton of the Conservative Party . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Véronique_Jannot", "text": "Véronique Jannot ( born 7 May 1957 ) is a French actress and singer . She was born in Annecy , Haute-Savoie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Association_football", "text": "Association football , more commonly known as football or soccer , [ a ] is a team sport played with a spherical ball between two teams of 11 players . It is played by approximately 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies , making it the world 's most popular sport . The game is played on a rectangular field called a pitch with a goal at each end . The object of the game is to score by moving the ball beyond the goal line into the opposing goal . Football is played in accordance with a set of rules known as the Laws of the Game . The ball is 68-70 cm ( 27-28 in ) in circumference and known as the football . The two teams each compete to get the ball into the other team 's goal ( between the posts and under the bar ) , thereby scoring a goal . The team that has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner ; if both teams have scored an equal number of goals then the game is a draw . Each team is led by a captain who has only one official responsibility as mandated by the Laws of the Game : to represent their team in the coin toss prior to kick-off or penalty kicks . Players are not allowed to touch the ball with hands or arms while it is in play , except for the goalkeepers within the penalty area . Other players mainly use their feet to strike or pass the ball , but may also use any other part of their body except the hands and the arms . The team that scores most goals by the end of the match wins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_L._Cleave", "text": "Mary Louise Cleave ( born 5 February 1947 ) is an American engineer and a former NASA astronaut . She also served from 2004 to 2007 as NASA Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fox_Feature_Syndicate", "text": "Fox Feature Syndicate ( also known as Fox Comics and Fox Publications ) was a comic book publisher from early in the period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books . Founded by entrepreneur Victor S. Fox , it produced such titles as Blue Beetle , Fantastic Comics and Mystery Men Comics . It is unrelated to the company Fox Publications , a Colorado publisher of railroad photography books , or the 20th Century Fox film studio and associated companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Majorca", "text": "Mallorca ( Catalan : [ məˈʎɔɾkə ] , Spanish : [ maˈʎoɾka ] ) or Majorca ( English : /məˈjɔːrkə , -ˈdʒɔːr-/ mə-YOR-kə , -⁠JOR- ) is the largest island in the Balearic Islands , which are part of Spain and located in the Mediterranean . The native language , as on the rest of the Balearic Islands , is Catalan , which is co-official with Spanish . The capital of the island , Palma , is also the capital of the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands . The Balearic Islands have been an autonomous region of Spain since 1983 . There are two small islands off the coast of Mallorca : Cabrera ( southeast of Palma ) and Dragonera ( west of Palma ) . The anthem of Mallorca is La Balanguera . Like the other Balearic Islands of Menorca , Ibiza and Formentera , the island is an extremely popular holiday destination , particularly for tourists from Germany and the United Kingdom . The international airport , Palma de Mallorca Airport , is one of the busiest in Spain ; it was used by 28.0 million passengers in 2017 , increasing every year since 2012 . The name derives from Classical Latin insula maior , larger island . Later , in Medieval Latin , this became Maiorica , the larger one , in comparison to Menorca , the smaller one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kilcock", "text": "Kilcock ( from Irish Cill Choca , meaning 'Coca 's Church ' ) is a town and townland in the north of County Kildare , Ireland , on the border with County Meath . Its population of 6,093 makes it the ninth largest town in Kildare and 76th largest in Ireland . The town is located 35km ( 22 mi ) west of Dublin , and is on the Royal Canal . Local industries include a large Musgrave Group distribution centre , which supplies SuperValu and Centra stores across much of the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forrest_Hill,_New_Zealand", "text": "Forrest Hill is a suburb of Auckland . Forrest Hill is under the local governance of Auckland Council . It was previously governed by the North Shore City Council , which amalgamated into Auckland Council on 1 November 2010 . The population was 5,736 in the 2013 census , an increase of 453 from 2006 . Forrest Hill Road and ( ultimately ) the whole suburb of Forrest Hill is named after Lt. Hugh Alexander Forrest , born in Wellington on 30 May 1893 , who was killed in action on 12 October 1917 , in the First Battle of Passchendaele during World War 1 . The Takapuna Borough Council renamed Whites Hill Road in his honour at a council meeting on 22 October 1919 , and the entire area was named after the road about five decades later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arecibo,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Arecibo ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aˈɾesiβo ] ) is a municipality on the northern coast of Puerto Rico , on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean , located north of Utuado and Ciales ; east of Hatillo ; and west of Barceloneta and Florida . It is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of San Juan , the capital city . Arecibo is the largest municipality in Puerto Rico by area , and is part of the San Juan , Caguas and Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is spread over 18 wards and Arecibo Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . Its population in 2010 was 96,440 . The Arecibo Observatory , which until July 2016 was the world 's largest radio telescope , is located here . Arecibo is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arecibo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Michigan", "text": "The University of Michigan ( UM , U-M , U of M , or UMich ) , often simply referred to as Michigan , is a public research university in Ann Arbor , Michigan . The university is Michigan 's oldest ; it was founded in 1817 in Detroit , as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , 20 years before the territory became a state . The school was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres ( 16 ha ) of what is now known as Central Campus . Since its establishment in Ann Arbor , the flagship university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than 34 million gross square feet ( 780 acres ; 3.2 km2 ) spread out over a Central Campus and North Campus , two regional campuses in Flint and Dearborn , and a Center in Detroit . The university is a founding member of the Association of American Universities . Considered one of the foremost research universities in the United States with annual research expenditures approaching $ 1.5 billion , Michigan is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . As of October 2019 [ update ] , 25 Nobel Prize winners , 6 Turing Award winners and 1 Fields Medalist have been affiliated with the University of Michigan . Its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities , social sciences , and STEM fields ( science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ) as well as professional degrees in architecture , business , medicine , law , pharmacy , nursing , social work , public health , and dentistry . Michigan 's body of living alumni comprises more than 540,000 people , one of the largest alumni bases of any university in the world . Michigan 's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Wolverines . They are members of the Big Ten Conference . More than 250 Michigan athletes or coaches have participated in Olympic events , winning more than 150 medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newport_News,_Virginia", "text": "Newport News is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 180,719 . In 2018 , the population was estimated to be 178,626 , making it the fifth-most populous city in Virginia . Newport News is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area . It is at the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula , on the northern shore of the James River extending southeast from Skiffe 's Creek along many miles of waterfront to the river 's mouth at Newport News Point on the harbor of Hampton Roads . The area now known as Newport News was once a part of Warwick County . Warwick County was one of the eight original shires of Virginia , formed by the House of Burgesses in the British Colony of Virginia by order of King Charles I in 1634 . The county was largely composed of farms and undeveloped land until almost 250 years later . [ citation needed ] In 1881 , fifteen years of rapid development began under the leadership of Collis P. Huntington , whose new Peninsula Extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway from Richmond opened up means of transportation along the Peninsula and provided a new pathway for the railroad to bring West Virginia bituminous coal to port for coastal shipping and worldwide export . With the new railroad came a terminal and coal piers where the colliers were loaded . Within a few years , Huntington and his associates also built a large shipyard . In 1896 , the new incorporated town of Newport News , which had briefly replaced Denbigh as the county seat of Warwick County , had a population of 9,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Our_Hearts_Were_Young_and_Gay_(film)", "text": "Our Hearts Were Young and Gay is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Lewis Allen and written by Sheridan Gibney . It was based on the real life reminiscences of the comic misadventures of Emily Kimbrough and Cornelia Otis Skinner in their book Our Hearts Were Young and Gay . The film stars Gail Russell , Diana Lynn , Charlie Ruggles , Dorothy Gish , Beulah Bondi , Bill Edwards and James Brown . After its premiere in New York on October 12 , 1944 , Our Hearts Were Young and Gay went into general release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nina_Simone", "text": "Eunice Kathleen Waymon ( February 21 , 1933 - April 21 , 2003 ) , known professionally as Nina Simone , was an American singer , songwriter , musician , arranger , and civil rights activist . Her music spanned a broad range of musical styles including classical , jazz , blues , folk , R & B , gospel , and pop . The sixth of eight children born to a poor family in Tryon , North Carolina , Simone initially aspired to be a concert pianist . With the help of a few supporters in her hometown , she enrolled in the Juilliard School of Music in New York City . She then applied for a scholarship to study at the prestigious Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia , where she was denied admission despite a well-received audition , which she attributed to racial discrimination . In 2003 , just days before her death , the Institute awarded her an honorary degree . To make a living , Simone started playing piano at a nightclub in Atlantic City . She changed her name to Nina Simone to disguise herself from family members , having chosen to play the devil 's music or so-called cocktail piano . She was told in the nightclub that she would have to sing to her own accompaniment , which effectively launched her career as a jazz vocalist . She went on to record more than 40 albums between 1958 and 1974 , making her debut with Little Girl Blue . She had a hit single in the United States in 1958 with I Loves You , Porgy . Her musical style fused gospel and pop with classical music , in particular Johann Sebastian Bach , and accompanied expressive , jazz-like singing in her contralto voice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Street_Fighter_Alpha:_Generations", "text": "Street Fighter Alpha : Generations is a 2005 Japanese anime film produced by A.P.P.P . and released by Manga Entertainment based on the Street Fighter Alpha video games by Capcom . Its production is unrelated to 2000 's Street Fighter Alpha : The Animation , which was produced by Group TAC . The film was produced specifically for the English-language market and was not officially released in Japan until its inclusion as a bonus feature in the DVD release of Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun-Li ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sophie's_World", "text": "Sophie 's World ( Norwegian : Sofies verden ) is a 1991 novel by Norwegian writer Jostein Gaarder . It follows Sophie Amundsen , a Norwegian teenager who is introduced to the history of philosophy by Alberto Knox , a middle-aged philosopher . Sophie 's World became a best-seller in Norway and won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1994 . The English translation was published in 1995 , and the book was reported to be the best-selling book in the world in that year . By 2011 the novel had been translated into fifty-nine languages , with over forty million print copies sold . It is one of the most commercially successful Norwegian novels outside of Norway , and has been adapted into a film and a PC game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pat_Coombs", "text": "Patricia Doreen Coombs ( 27 August 1926 - 25 May 2002 ) was an English actress . She specialised in the portrayal of the eternal downtrodden female , comically under the thumb of stronger personalities . She was known for many roles on radio , film and television sitcoms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGTF", "text": "KGTF , virtual and VHF digital channel 12 , is a Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station serving the U.S. territory of Guam that is licensed to Hagåtña . The station is owned by the Guam Educational Telecommunications Corporation , an agency of the territorial government . KGTF 's studios are located in Mangilao , adjacent to Guam Community College , and its transmitter is located on Mount Barrigada in Barrigada . The station signed on the air on October 30 , 1970 , with only 4½ hours of programming Monday through Friday , of which they would later expand throughout its nearly 40-year history , including producing local shows and various projects . PBS Guam received PBS ' overhaul branding in late-November 2019 . KGTF currently operates from 6 a.m. to midnight seven days a week ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bologna_(newspaper)", "text": "Bologna was a newspaper published in Bologna from 1642 to 1787 . It is considered one of the oldest newspapers in Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Żywiec", "text": "Żywiec /ˈʒɪvjɛts/ ( Polish pronunciation : [ ˈʐɨvjɛt͡s ] ) ( German : Saybusch ) is a town in south-central Poland with 32,242 inhabitants ( as of November 2007 ) . Between 1975 and 1998 , it was located within the Bielsko-Biała Voivodeship , but has since become part of the Silesian Voivodeship . The town is situated in the center of the Żywiec Basin , on the Soła river near Żywiec Lake in the Lesser Poland historic region and includes Żywiec Landscape Park , one of the eight protected areas in the voivodeship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaguar_Racing", "text": "Jaguar Racing is the name given to Jaguar 's racing interests . It currently competes in Formula E under the name Panasonic Jaguar Racing . It was previously a Formula One constructor that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Adams", "text": "John Adams ( October 30 , 1735 [ a ] - July 4 , 1826 ) was an American statesman , attorney , diplomat , writer , and Founding Father who served as the second president of the United States , from 1797 to 1801 . Before his presidency , he was a leader of the American Revolution that achieved independence from Great Britain and served as the first vice president of the United States . Adams was a dedicated diarist and regularly corresponded with many important figures in early American history , including his wife and adviser Abigail Adams , and Thomas Jefferson . His letters and other papers serve as an important source of historical information about the era . A lawyer and political activist prior to the revolution , Adams was devoted to the right to counsel and presumption of innocence . He defied anti-British sentiment and successfully defended British soldiers against murder charges arising from the Boston Massacre . Adams was a Massachusetts delegate to the Continental Congress and became a principal leader of the Revolution . He assisted in drafting the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and was its foremost advocate in Congress . As a diplomat in Europe , he helped negotiate the peace treaty with Great Britain and secured vital governmental loans . Adams was the primary author of the Massachusetts Constitution in 1780 , which influenced the United States ' own constitution , as did his earlier Thoughts on Government . Adams was elected to two terms as vice president under President George Washington and was elected as the United States ' second president in 1796 . He was the first , and only , president elected under the banner of the Federalist Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sofia_Goggia", "text": "Sofia Goggia ( Italian pronunciation : [ soˈfiːa ˈɡɔddʒa ] ; born 15 November 1992 ) is an Italian World Cup alpine ski racer . She made her World Cup debut in December 2011 and primarily competed on the European Cup circuit until the 2016 World Cup season . At the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang , Goggia won the gold medal in the downhill , becoming the first and only woman to win Olympic gold for Italy in the women 's downhill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Light_Flyweight", "text": "Light flyweight , also known as junior flyweight or super strawweight , is a weight class in boxing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kaillie_Humphries", "text": "Kaillie Humphries ( born Kaillie Simundson September 4 , 1985 ) is a bobsledder who competes for the United States . Representing Canada , Humphries was the Olympic champion in the two-woman at the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Olympics . Earning Olympic Bronze in 2018 with brakeman Phylicia George . With her victory in 2014 she became the first female bobsledder to defend her Olympic title . Due to her repeat championship she was named flagbearer for the closing ceremonies at the 2014 Games together with brakewoman Heather Moyse . Humphries is also the two-time defending overall World Cup champion . To date she is the most successful Canadian Bobsledder in History . In 2014 Humphries and Elana Meyers became the first women to pilot a mixed-gender team in the first international four-man bobsleigh competition to allow women to compete with/against men . As of the end of the 2013-14 World Cup season , Humphries has won 28 Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing ( FIBT ) World Cup medals , 7 FIBT World Championships medals , and 3 Olympic Games medals . Humphries received the 2014 Lou Marsh Award , given annually to Canada 's top athlete . On January 9 , 2016 , Humphries became the first woman to drive an all-female team against men in a four-person World Cup bobsled race ; her teammates were Cynthia Appiah , Genevieve Thibault and Melissa Lotholz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mine_Howe", "text": "Mine Howe is a prehistoric subterranean man-made chamber dug 6 meters ( 20 feet ) deep inside a large mound . It is located in the Tankerness area of Orkney , Scotland , about 5 miles ( 8 km ) southeast of Kirkwall , the capital of Orkney . The origin of the howe ( from Old Norse word haugr meaning barrow ) is not perfectly understood . Experts believe that it was built roughly 2000 years ago during the Iron Age . There is some similarity to the well inside the Iron Age Broch of Gurness ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ban_Ban_Springs,_Queensland", "text": "Ban Ban Springs is a locality in the North Burnett Region , Queensland , Australia . In the 2016 census , Ban Ban Springs had a population of 7 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Middle_Manager_of_Justice", "text": "Middle Manager of Justice is a simulation video game for iOS and Android developed and published by Double Fine Productions and financed by Dracogen . The iOS version was accidentally released in all territories on September 5 , 2012 , but was quickly pulled . That build was later branded beta , with the final release planned for later that year . The final release of the iOS version occurred on December 3 , 2012 in Canada . The worldwide release of the iOS version occurred ten days later on December 13 , 2012 . The Android version was released on August 14 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shawinigan", "text": "Shawinigan is a city located on the Saint-Maurice River in the Mauricie area in Quebec , Canada . It had a population of 50,060 as of the Canada 2011 Census . Shawinigan is also a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality ( TE ) and census division ( CD ) of Quebec , coextensive with the city of Shawinigan . Its geographical code is 36 . Shawinigan is the seat of the judicial district of Saint-Maurice . The name Shawinigan has had numerous spellings over time : Chaouinigane , Oshaouinigane , Assaouinigane , Achawénégan , Chawinigame , Shawenigane , Chaouénigane . It may mean south portage , portage of beeches , angular portage , or summit or crest . Before 1958 , the city was known as Shawinigan Falls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Omkar_Singh", "text": "Omkar Singh ( Hindi : ओमकार सिंह , born 8 August 1984 ) is an Indian sports shooter . He won three gold medals and a silver medal in shooting events at the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in Delhi . He hails from Anuppur district of Madhya Pradesh and is currently serving the Indian Navy . On 5 October 2010 , Omkar Singh and Deepak Sharma won a silver medal in the Men 's 50 metre pistol pairs at the Commonwealth games . Omkar Singh won his first gold medal in the Men 's 50 metre pistol singles on 6 October 2010 . The next day , he paired up with Gurpreet Singh to win the gold medal in the Men 's 10m Air Pistol ( Pairs ) . On 8 October 2010 , he won a gold medal in the Men 's 10m Air Pistol ( Single ) . Omkar Singh belongs to the Kotma Colliery in the Anuppur district of Madhya Pradesh . His father was a teacher in the South Eastern Coal Fields Limited ( SECL ) School . In 2012 , he was given the Arjuna Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chile", "text": "Chile ( /ˈtʃɪli/ ( listen ) , /ˈtʃɪleɪ/ ; Spanish : [ ˈtʃile ] ) , [ nb 2 ] officially the Republic of Chile ( Spanish : República de Chile ( help·info ) ) , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres ( 480,000 sq mi ) of Antarctica under the Chilean Antarctic Territory . [ nb 3 ] , The arid Atacama Desert in northern Chile contains great mineral wealth , principally copper and lithium . The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources , and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions . Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands , and features a string of volcanoes and lakes . The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords , inlets , canals , twisting peninsulas , and islands . Spain conquered and colonized the region in the mid-16th century , replacing Inca rule in the north and centre , but failing to conquer the independent Mapuche who inhabited what is now south-central Chile . After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818 , Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic . In the 19th century , Chile saw significant economic and territorial growth , ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific ( 1879-83 ) after defeating Peru and Bolivia . In the 1960s and 1970s , the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maryville,_Missouri", "text": "Maryville is a city and county seat of Nodaway County , Missouri , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 11,972 . Maryville is home to Northwest Missouri State University , Northwest Technical School , and the Missouri Academy of Science , Mathematics and Computing . Maryville is the second largest city ( first is St. Joseph , Missouri ) wholly within the boundaries of the 1836 Platte Purchase which expanded Missouri 's borders into former Indian Territory in northwest Missouri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Sorrentino", "text": "Michael Sorrentino ( born July 4 , 1982 ) , also known as The Situation , is an American television personality . He appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show Jersey Shore , from 2009 through 2012 . In September 2019 , Sorrentino completed an eight-month prison sentence related to his felony conviction for tax evasion , and then resumed his reality-TV role with MTV 's Jersey Shore . Although currently on probation , he is allowed to participate in Jersey Shore Family Vacation as a reality TV star representing himself . In his series , on social media and in the mainstream media , he often openly talks about his felony conviction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/C++", "text": "C++ ( /ˌsiːˌplʌsˈplʌs/ ) is a high-level , general-purpose programming language created by Bjarne Stroustrup as an extension of the C programming language , or C with Classes . The language has expanded significantly over time , and modern C++ has object-oriented , generic , and functional features in addition to facilities for low-level memory manipulation . It is almost always implemented as a compiled language , and many vendors provide C++ compilers , including the Free Software Foundation , LLVM , Microsoft , Intel , Oracle , and IBM , so it is available on many platforms . C++ was designed with a bias toward system programming and embedded , resource-constrained software and large systems , with performance , efficiency , and flexibility of use as its design highlights . C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts , with key strengths being software infrastructure and resource-constrained applications , including desktop applications , video games , servers ( e.g . e-commerce , Web search , or SQL servers ) , and performance-critical applications ( e.g . telephone switches or space probes ) . C++ is standardized by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , with the latest standard version ratified and published by ISO in December 2017 as ISO/IEC 14882:2017 ( informally known as C++17 ) . The C++ programming language was initially standardized in 1998 as ISO/IEC 14882:1998 , which was then amended by the C++03 , C++11 and C++14 standards . The current C++17 standard supersedes these with new features and an enlarged standard library . Before the initial standardization in 1998 , C++ was developed by Danish computer scientist Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs since 1979 as an extension of the C language ; he wanted an efficient and flexible language similar to C that also provided high-level features for program organization . C++20 is the next planned standard , keeping with the current trend of a new version every three years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania", "text": "Pennsylvania ( /ˌpɛnsəlˈveɪniə/ ( listen ) PEN-səl-VAY-nee-ə ) , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a state located in the Northeastern , Great Lakes , Appalachian , and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States . The Appalachian Mountains run through its middle . The Commonwealth is bordered by Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east . Pennsylvania is the 33rd-largest state by area , and the 5th-most populous state according to the most recent official U.S. Census count in 2010 . It is the 9th-most densely populated of the 50 states . Pennsylvania 's two most populous cities are Philadelphia ( 1,580,863 ) , and Pittsburgh ( 302,407 ) . The state capital and its 10th-largest city is Harrisburg . Pennsylvania has 140 miles ( 225 km ) of waterfront along Lake Erie and the Delaware River . The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States ; it came into being in 1681 as a result of a royal land grant to William Penn , the son of the state 's namesake . Part of Pennsylvania ( along the Delaware River ) , together with the present State of Delaware , had earlier been organized as the Colony of New Sweden . It was the second state to ratify the United States Constitution , on December 12 , 1787 . Independence Hall , where the United States Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were drafted , is located in the state 's largest city of Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenya", "text": "Kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Kenya ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Kenya ) , is a country in Africa with 47 semiautonomous counties governed by elected governors . At 580,367 square kilometres ( 224,081 sq mi ) , Kenya is the world 's 48th largest country by total area . With a population of more than 47.6 million people , Kenya is the 29th most populous country . Kenya 's capital and largest city is Nairobi , while its oldest city and first capital is the coastal city of Mombasa . Kisumu City is the third largest city and also an inland port on Lake Victoria . Other important urban centres include Nakuru and Eldoret . Kenya is bordered by South Sudan to the northwest , Ethiopia to the north , Somalia to the east , Uganda to the west , Tanzania to the south , and the Indian Ocean to the southeast . According to archaeological dating of associated artifacts and skeletal material , the Cushites first settled in the lowlands of Kenya between 3,200 and 1,300 BC , a phase referred to as the Lowland Savanna Pastoral Neolithic . Nilotic-speaking pastoralists ( ancestral to Kenya 's Nilotic speakers ) started migrating from present-day southern Sudan into Kenya around 500 BC . European colonisation of Kenya began in the 19th century during the European exploration of the interior . Modern-day Kenya emerged from a protectorate established by the British Empire in 1895 and the subsequent Kenya Colony , which began in 1920 . Numerous disputes between the UK and the colony led to the Mau Mau revolution , which began in 1952 , and the subsequent declaration of independence in 1963 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shogakukan", "text": "Shogakukan Inc. ( 株式会社小学館 , Kabushiki gaisha Shōgakukan ) is a Japanese publisher of dictionaries , literature , manga , non-fiction , DVDs , and other media in Japan . Shogakukan founded Shueisha , which also founded Hakusensha . These are three separate companies , but are together called the Hitotsubashi Group , one of the largest publishing groups in Japan . Shogakukan is headquartered in the Shogakukan Building in Hitotsubashi , part of Kanda , Chiyoda , Tokyo , near the Jimbocho book district . The corporation also has the other two companies located in the same ward ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Here's_Lucy", "text": "Here 's Lucy is an American sitcom starring Lucille Ball . The series co-starred her long-time comedy partner Gale Gordon and her real-life children Lucie Arnaz and Desi Arnaz Jr . It was broadcast on CBS from 1968 to 1974 . It was Ball 's third network sitcom following I Love Lucy ( 1951-57 ) and The Lucy Show ( 1962-68 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marília_Atlético_Clube", "text": "Marília Atlético Clube , or Marília as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football team from Marília in São Paulo , founded on April 12 , 1942 . Home stadium is the Bento de Abreu , with a capacity of 19,800 . They play in light blue shirts , white shorts and socks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aditi_Balan", "text": "Aditi Balan is a South Indian film actress known for her role as Aruvi for the film Aruvi . She started her career in acting in Tamil Movies after her degree course completion . She first featured in the movie Yennai Arindhaal ( 2015 ) featuring in the song Mazhai Vara poguthey in which she comes as friend around Trisha . Her next film , Aruvi , was critically acclaimed and brought her much recognition and awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broadway_Bridge_(St._Peter,_Minnesota)", "text": "Broadway Bridge is a Pennsylvania through truss reinforced-concrete highway bridge which carries Minnesota 99 over the Minnesota River in St. Peter , Minnesota , United States . It was built in 1931 by the Minneapolis Bridge Company following a skewed steel design by the Minnesota Highway Department . For much of 2017 , the Minnesota Department of Transportation closed the bridge for a major rehabilitation which included enclosing it in plastic for the removal of lead paint . The project , which cost about $ 4.4 million , preserved the bridge , which had been in poor condition , and restored its original dark green color ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Ryukyu", "text": "FC Ryukyu ( FC琉球 , Efu Shī Ryūkyū ) are an Association football club from the Okinawa Prefecture , Japan . They currently play in Japan 's J2 League . The team derive their name from Ryukyu , the historic name for Okinawa Prefecture . The club once had futsal and handball teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basilica", "text": "The Latin word basilica ( derived from Greek : βασιλική στοά , Royal Stoa , the tribunal chamber of a king ) has three distinct applications in modern English . Originally , the word was used to refer to an ancient Roman public building , where courts were held , as well as serving other official and public functions . It usually had the door at one end and a slightly raised platform and an apse at the other , where the magistrate or other officials were seated . The basilica was centrally located in every Roman town , usually adjacent to the main forum . Subsequently , the basilica was not built near a forum but adjacent to a palace and was known as a palace basilica . Secondly , as the Roman Empire adopted Christianity , the major church buildings were typically constructed with this basic architectural plan and thus it became popular throughout Europe . It continues to be used in an architectural sense to describe rectangular buildings with a central nave and aisles , and usually a raised platform at the opposite end from the door . In Europe and the Americas the basilica remained the most common architectural style for churches of all Christian denominations , though this building plan has become less dominant in new buildings since the latter 20th century . Thirdly , the term refers to an official designation of a certain kind of church in the Roman Catholic Church : a large and important place of worship that has been given special ceremonial rights by the Pope , whatever its architectural plan . These are divided into : major basilicas - numbering only four , all of which are ancient churches located within Rome - and minor basilicas - found all around the world and which , as of 2019 [ update ] , number 1,810 . These major and minor basilicas are commonly simply referred to as basilicas . Some Catholic basilicas are Catholic pilgrimage sites , receiving tens of millions of visitors per year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jardel_Filho", "text": "Jardel Filho ( 24 July 1928 - 19 February 1983 ) was a Brazilian film actor . He appeared in 45 films between 1949 and 1982 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Principality_of_Arbanon", "text": "Arbanon ( Albanian : Arbër or Arbëria , Gheg Albanian : Arban or Arbania , Greek : Ἄρβανον , Árbanon ; Latin : Arbanum ) , or Albanon ( Greek : Ἄλβανον , Álbanon ) , was an autonomous principality , the first Albanian state during the Middle Ages , initially part of the Byzantine Empire and later of the Despotate of Epirus . The state was established by archon Progon in the region of Kruja , in c. 1190 . Progon was succeeded by his sons Gjin and then Demetrius , who attained the height of the realm . After the death of Demetrius , the last of the Progon family , the principality came under Gregory Kamonas , and later Golem , until its dissolution in 1255 . [ citation needed ] Throughout its existence , the principality was an autonomous dependency of its neighbouring powers , first Byzantium and , after the Fourth Crusade , Epirus , while it also maintained close relations with Serbia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Bedfordshire", "text": "Central Bedfordshire is a unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of Bedfordshire , England . It was created from the merger of Mid Bedfordshire and South Bedfordshire District Councils on 1 April 2009 . With a budget of £500m the unitary council provides over a hundred services to a quarter of a million people , and is responsible for schools , social services , rubbish collection , roads , planning , leisure centres , libraries , care homes and more ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Ripa", "text": "Kelly Maria Ripa ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American actress , dancer , talk show hostess , and television producer . Ripa portrayed Hayley Vaughan on the ABC daytime soap opera , All My Children , between 1990 and 2002 . She is the co-host of the syndicated morning talk show , Live ! with Kelly and Ryan , in various formats since 2001 . She also played Faith Fairfield on the ABC sitcom , Hope & Faith , from 2003 to 2006 . Ripa and her husband , Mark Consuelos , own a New York-based production company , Milojo . In 2014 , The Hollywood Reporter named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Public_broadcasting", "text": "Public broadcasting involves radio , television and other electronic-media outlets whose primary mission is public service . In many countries of the world , funding comes from governments , especially via annual fees charged on receivers . In the United States , public broadcasters may receive some funding from both federal and state sources , but generally most of their financial support comes from underwriting by foundations and businesses ( ranging from small shops to corporations ) , along with audience contributions via pledge drives . The great majority operate as private not-for-profit corporations . [ citation needed ] Public broadcasting may be nationally or locally operated , depending on the country and the station . In some countries a single organization runs public broadcasting . Other countries have multiple public-broadcasting organizations operating regionally or in different languages . Historically , public broadcasting was once the dominant or only form of broadcasting in many countries ( with the notable exception of the United States ) . Commercial broadcasting now also exists in most of these countries ; the number of countries with only public broadcasting declined substantially during the latter part of the 20th century . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_fossils", "text": "Most American states have made a state fossil designation , in many cases during the 1980s . It is common to designate one species in which fossilization has occurred , rather than a single specimen , or a category of fossils not limited to a single species . Some states that lack an explicit state fossil have nevertheless singled out a fossil for formal designation as a state dinosaur , rock , gem or stone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Apethorpe", "text": "Apethorpe ( pronounced Ap-thorp ) is a village and civil parish in East Northamptonshire district of the shire county of Northamptonshire , England . The 2001 census records a population of 130 , increasing to 160 at the 2011 census . Apethorpe was recorded in the Domesday Book as Patorp . The village is compact , uniform and centred on Main Street . In the late 15th Century Apethorpe was acquired by Sir Guy Wolston , an officer in the household of Edward IV , who began the construction of the presentApethorpe Palace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lebanon_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Lebanon Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Lebanon Presbyterian Church Road in Utica , Mississippi . It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register in 1999 . Lebanon Presbyterian Church is a member of the Presbyterian Church in America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Academy_Award_for_Best_Writing_(Original_Screenplay)", "text": "The Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay is the Academy Award for the best screenplay not based upon previously published material . It was created in 1940 as a separate writing award from the Academy Award for Best Story . Beginning with the Oscars for 1957 , the two categories were combined to honor only the screenplay . See also the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay , a similar award for screenplays that are adaptations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Kilda_Football_Club", "text": "The St Kilda Football Club , nicknamed the Saints , is an Australian rules football club based in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . The club plays in the Australian Football League , the sport 's premier league . The club 's name originates from its original home base in the bayside Melbourne suburb of St Kilda in which the club was established in 1873 . The club also has strong links to the south-eastern suburb of Moorabbin , where it was based between 1965 and 2010 . St Kilda were a foundation team of the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) in 1877 and later , in 1897 , became a foundation team in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , which later became known as the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1990 . The Saints field teams in the AFL Women 's and VFL Women 's competitions , and are in an alignment with the Sandringham Football Club in the Victorian Football League . St Kilda have won a single premiership to date , a famous one-point win in the 1966 VFL Grand Final . St Kilda most recently won the minor premiership in the 2009 AFL season and were grand finalists in 2009 and 2010 . St Kilda developed a reputation as perennial underachievers , much of this attributed to their record of finishing last more often than any other club in the league ( 27 times ) , as well as having the second lowest all-time win percentage of any team still playing in the league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susanne_Nyström", "text": "Susanne Nyström , born 29 December 1982 in Laisvall , Sweden is a Swedish female cross-country skier and nurse . She competed for Laisvalls SK , having competed for clubs like IFK Mora SK , Arvidsjaur Ski Team ] Luleå Gjutarens IF and Piteå Elit . She won Tjejvasan in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2012 and 2013. and ended up second ad Tjejvasan 2011 . In 2010 , she won the women 's Vasaloppet main competition , making her the first to win Tjejvasan and the Vasaloppet main competition the same year . She has also won several Swedish national championship gold medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Summer_Olympic_Games", "text": "The Summer Olympic Games ( French : Jeux Olympiques d'été ) or the Games of the Olympiad , first held in 1896 , is a major international multi-sport event held once every four years . The most recent Olympics were held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) organises the Games and oversees the host city 's preparations . In each Olympic event , gold medals are awarded for first place , silver medals are awarded for second place , and bronze medals are awarded for third place ; this tradition began in 1904 . The Winter Olympic Games were created out of the success of the Summer Olympics . The Olympics have increased in scope from a 42 competition event programme with fewer than 250 male competitors from 14 nations in 1896 , to 306 events with 11,238 competitors ( 6,179 men , 5,059 women ) from 206 nations in 2016 . The Summer Olympics has been hosted on five continents by a total of nineteen countries . The Games have been held four times in the United States ( 1904 , 1932 , 1984 , and 1996 ) , three times in the United Kingdom ( 1908 , 1948 , and 2012 ) , twice each in Greece ( 1896 and 2004 ) , France ( 1900 and 1924 ) , Germany ( 1936 and 1972 ) , and Australia ( 1956 and 2000 ) , and once each in Sweden ( 1912 ) , Belgium ( 1920 ) , Netherlands ( 1928 ) , Finland ( 1952 ) , Italy ( 1960 ) , Japan ( 1964 ) , Mexico ( 1968 ) , Canada ( 1976 ) , Soviet Union ( 1980 ) , South Korea ( 1988 ) , Spain ( 1992 ) , China ( 2008 ) , and Brazil ( 2016 ) . The IOC has selected Tokyo , Japan , for a second time , to host the Summer Olympics in 2020 . The 2024 Summer Olympics will be held in Paris , France , for a third time , exactly one hundred years after the city 's last Summer Olympics in 1924 . The IOC has also selected Los Angeles , California , to host its third Summer Games in 2028 . To date , only five countries have participated in every Summer Olympic Games - Australia , France , Great Britain , Greece , and Switzerland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cinema_(Yes_song)", "text": "Cinema is an instrumental by the progressive rock band Yes , from their 1983 album , 90125 . In 1985 it won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance , the band 's only Grammy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarawak_State_Stadium", "text": "State of Sarawak Stadium ( Stadium Negeri in Malay ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 26,000 people and opened in 1989 . The stadium hosted Sukma Games in 1990 , which Sarawak won . State Stadium is located in an area of 5 hectares in Petra Jaya . Officially opened on 27 August 1983 . 3 stages of construction experience . The second stage of construction was completed on 15 June 1989 while the third level with the addition of a block to be completed by 24 June 1991 . The total cost of this State Stadium is RM22.6 million . The stadium can accommodate 26,000 spectators at a time . Apart from sport and football , the stadium can also be a venue for organizing the rally events , concerts , performances , meetings , courses , workshops and so on . The stadium has been used to host Sarawak FA home matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Family_Law_(TV_series)", "text": "Family Law is an American legal drama television series created by Paul Haggis , that aired on CBS from September 20 , 1999 to May 27 , 2002 . This series starring Kathleen Quinlan as divorced lawyer Lynn Holt , who attempted to start her own law firm after her husband left both her and their law practice , taking all of their clients with him . From September of 2018 until April of 2019 , reruns of the show have aired on Start TV , but have since returned in October . The show also starred Christopher McDonald as opportunistic , ambulance-chasing attorney Rex Weller , Julie Warner as Lynn 's friend Danni ( and the one member of her former firm 's staff who did not defect with Lynn 's ex-husband ) , and Dixie Carter as pit bull divorce attorney Randi King . Later cast additions included Tony Danza , Cristián de la Fuente , Salli Richardson and Meredith Eaton as Emily Resnick , an ambitious attorney hoping to make partner . Edwin Starr 's 1970 hit song , War was used as the series ' opening title theme ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SAFFC", "text": "Warriors Football Club is a Singaporean professional football club that plays in the top-tier Singapore Premier League . Before they officially changed their name on 20 January 2013 , they were previously known as the Singapore Armed Forces Football Club ( SAFFC ) since their establishment on 16 February 1996 . Despite their name back then , membership of the Armed Forces was not a prerequisite for players representing the team , and several international players have played for them . Using a rhino as club mascot was their second suggestion after the S.League rejected their initial proposal of having a warrior as being out of line with the policy of clubs having animal mascots . Warriors F.C . is currently the most successful club in the history of the S.League , having won the title a record nine times : in 1997 , 1998 , 2000 , 2002 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2014 and finishing second in 4 seasons : 1996 , 1999 , 2001 , 2005 in the 22 years since the inception of the S.League . The Warriors was based in Jurong Stadium till 2000 before moving to their home ground Choa Chu Kang Stadium in 2001 . In light of the preparation of the 2015 SEA Games , the Warriors had to vacate Choa Chu Kang Stadium and will instead play their home matches at the Woodlands Stadium for the 2015 season instead . Warriors will move to their Jurong East Stadium in 2019 season and shared with Albirex Niigata Singapore FC . The Warriors have signed a five-year agreement with Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund ( BVB ) , as reported in a Fox Sports Asia article ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Split_(city)", "text": "Split ( /ˈsplɪt/ , as the English word split ; Croatian pronunciation : [ splît ] ( listen ) ; see other names ) is the second-largest city of Croatia and the largest city of the region of Dalmatia , with about 250,000 people living in its urban area . It lies on the eastern shore of the Adriatic Sea and is spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings . An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination , the city is linked to the Adriatic islands and the Apennine peninsula . Home to Diocletian 's Palace , built for the Roman emperor in AD 305 , the city was founded as the Greek colony of Aspálathos ( Aσπάλαθος ) in the 3rd or 2nd century BC . It became a prominent settlement around 650 when it succeeded the ancient capital of the Roman province of Dalmatia , Salona . After the sack of Salona by the Avars and Slavs , the fortified Palace of Diocletian was settled by Roman refugees . Split became a Byzantine city . Later it drifted into the sphere of the Republic of Venice and the Kingdom of Croatia , with the Byzantines retaining nominal suzerainty . For much of the High and Late Middle Ages , Split enjoyed autonomy as a free city of the Dalmatian city-states , caught in the middle of a struggle between Venice and Croatia ( in union with Hungary ) for control over the Dalmatian cities . Venice eventually prevailed and during the early modern period Split remained a Venetian city , a heavily fortified outpost surrounded by Ottoman territory . Its hinterland was won from the Ottomans in the Morean War of 1699 , and in 1797 , as Venice fell to Napoleon , the Treaty of Campo Formio rendered the city to the Habsburg Monarchy . In 1805 , the Peace of Pressburg added it to the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy and in 1806 it was included in the French Empire , becoming part of the Illyrian Provinces in 1809 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_Avenue_Neighborhood_Residential_District", "text": "The Center Avenue Neighborhood Residential District is a residential historic district located in Bay City , Michigan , running primarily along Center , Fifth , and Sixth Avenues between Monroe and Green Avenues , with additional portions of the district along Fourth between Madison and Johnson , down to Tenth Avenue between Madison and Lincoln , along Green to Ridge , and around Carroll Park . The original section , along Center and portions of Fifth and Sixth , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . A boundary increase including the other sections of the neighborhood was listed in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boone,_North_Carolina", "text": "Boone is a town in and the county seat of Watauga County , North Carolina , United States . Located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina , Boone is the home of Appalachian State University . The population was 17,122 at the 2010 census . The town is named for famous American pioneer and explorer Daniel Boone , and every summer since 1952 has hosted an outdoor amphitheatre drama , Horn in the West , portraying the British settlement of the area during the American Revolutionary War and featuring the contributions of its namesake . It is the largest community and the economic hub of the seven-county region of Western North Carolina known as the High Country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alaska", "text": "Alaska ( /əˈlæskə/ ( listen ) ; Aleut : Alax̂sxax̂ ; Inupiaq : Alaasikaq ; Alutiiq : Alas'kaaq ; Tlingit : Anáaski ; Russian : Аляска , romanized : Alyaska ) is a state located in the northwest extremity of the North American West Coast , just across the Bering Strait from Asia . An exclave of the U.S. , it borders the Canadian province of British Columbia and territory of Yukon to the east and southeast has a maritime border with Russia 's Chukotka Autonomous Okrug to the west . To the north are the Chukchi and Beaufort seas of the Arctic Ocean , while the Pacific Ocean lies to the south and southwest . Alaska is the largest U.S. state by area and the seventh largest subnational division in the world . It is the third least populous and the most sparsely populated state , but by far the continent 's most populous territory located mostly north of the 60th parallel , with an estimated population of 738,432 as 2015 - more than quadruple the combined populations of Northern Canada and Greenland . Approximately half of Alaska 's residents live within the Anchorage metropolitan area . The state capital of Juneau is the second largest city in the United States by area , comprising more territory than the states of Rhode Island and Delaware . Alaska was occupied by various indigenous peoples for thousands of years before the arrival of Europeans . The state is considered the entry point for the settlement of North America by way of the Bering land bridge . The Russians were the first non-native people to settle the area beginning in the 18th century , eventually establishing the colony of Alaska that spanned most of the current state . The expense and difficulty of maintaining this distant possession prompted its sale to the U.S. in 1867 for $ 7.2 million , or approximately two cents per acre ( $ 4.74/km2 ) . The area went through several administrative changes before becoming organized as a territory on May 11 , 1912 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfaisal_University", "text": "Alfaisal University is a private , nonprofit , research institute of higher education located in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Founded in 2002 by the King Faisal Foundation as a nonprofit student-centered university , Alfaisal University opened its doors and admitted its first 80 students in 2008 . Alfaisal 's total enrollment now exceeds 2500 . The enrollment is 67% Saudi National with the remaining 33% being students from over 40 other nations . The total number of faculty is nearly 200 with international faculty from 31 countries . The Board of Trustees includes representatives from five firms , four international firms , and a representative from the Ministry of Education . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Nate", "text": "Big Nate is an American comic strip written and illustrated by Lincoln Peirce . Originally launched on January 7 , 1991 , the comic has since inspired book collections and theatrical performances . On February 19 , 2020 , it was announced that it would receive an animated adaptation that will air on Nickelodeon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes-AMG_GT3", "text": "The Mercedes-AMG GT ( C190 / R190 ) is a sports car produced in coupé and roadster bodystyles by German automobile manufacturer Mercedes-AMG . The car was introduced on 9 September 2014 ( 2014-09-09 ) and was officially unveiled to the public in October 2014 at the Paris Motor Show . After the SLS AMG , it is the second sports car developed entirely in-house by Mercedes-AMG . Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton assisted with the development . The Mercedes-AMG GT went on sale in two variants ( GT and GT S ) in March 2015 , while a GT3 racing variant of the car was introduced in 2015 . A high performance variant called the GT R was introduced in 2016 . A GT4 racing variant , targeted at semi-professional drivers and based on the GT R variant , was introduced in 2017 . All variants are assembled at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Sindelfingen , Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/White_River_State_Park", "text": "White River State Park covers 250 acres ( 1 km2 ) in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States , on the western edge of the downtown area at 801 West Washington Street . It is also one of seven designated cultural districts in Indianapolis . Among the attractions located in or near the park are the Indiana State Museum and IMAX Theater , the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens , the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art , the NCAA Headquarters and Hall of Champions , the Medal of Honor Memorial , Victory Field ( home of Indianapolis Indians baseball ) , Military Park , the Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn Concert Series , and the Indiana Cross Country Arena . White River State Park is an urban park located in Indianapolis and is not part of the 32 properties managed by the Division of State Parks , a land management team within the Indiana Department of Natural Resources . Restoration on this area began in the late 1980s , when public attention fell on the Indiana Central Canal . The canal was originally engineered in the 1830s as a way to ship goods through the state of Indiana , but the project went bankrupt and the Indianapolis section of the canal was the only section that was ever dug . Although the canal was never used for its intended purpose , recent restoration and development have changed the area and it is currently functioning as a cultural center within the city of Indianapolis . One of the proposed focal points of the park , Indiana Tower , was never constructed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roy_Jefferson", "text": "Roy Lee Jefferson ( born November 9 , 1943 ) is a former American football player , a wide receiver in the National Football League for twelve seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers , Baltimore Colts , and Washington Redskins . During 162 regular season games , he had 451 receptions for 7,539 yards and 52 touchdowns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_4", "text": "Joe 4 ( warhead name : RDS-6s ( Reaktivnyi Dvigatel Specialnyi ; Special Jet Engine ) ) was an American nickname for the first Soviet test of a thermonuclear weapon on August 12 , 1953 , that detonated with a force equivalent to 400 kilotons of TNT . Scholars dispute the authenticity of RDS-6 as a thermonuclear device as it did not manage to produce a yield consistent with a true hydrogen bomb . It utilized a scheme in which fission and fusion fuel ( lithium-6 deuteride ) were layered , a design known as the Sloika ( Russian : Слойка , named after a type of layered puff pastry ) model in the Soviet Union . A ten-fold increase in explosive power was achieved by a combination of fusion energy and neutron-initiated ( boosted ) fission . A similar design was earlier theorized by Edward Teller , but never tested in the U.S. , as the Alarm Clock ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elsa_(Frozen)", "text": "Elsa of Arendelle is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios ' 53rd animated film Frozen and its sequel Frozen II . She is voiced primarily by Broadway actress and singer Idina Menzel . She is voiced by Eva Bella as a young child and by Spencer Ganus as a teenager in Frozen . In Frozen II , young Elsa is voiced by Mattea Conforti and Eva Bella . Created by directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee , Elsa is loosely based on the title character of The Snow Queen , a Danish fairytale by Hans Christian Andersen . In the Disney film adaptation , she is introduced as a princess in the fictional Scandinavian Kingdom of Arendelle , heiress to the throne and the elder sister of Princess Anna ( Kristen Bell ) . Elsa has the magical ability to create and manipulate ice and snow . She inadvertently sends Arendelle into an eternal winter on the evening of her coronation . Throughout the film , she struggles first with controlling and concealing her abilities and then with liberating herself from her fears of unintentionally harming others , especially her younger sister . The Snow Queen character , neutral but cold-hearted in the original fairytale and villain in numerous adaptations of the character , proved difficult to adapt to film due to her transparent depiction . Several film executives , including Walt Disney , attempted to build on the character , and a number of scheduled film adaptions were shelved when they could not work out the character . Buck and his co-director , Jennifer Lee , were ultimately able to solve the dilemma by depicting Elsa and Anna as sisters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johnny_Carson", "text": "John William Carson ( October 23 , 1925 - January 23 , 2005 ) was an American television host , comedian , writer , and producer . He is best known as the host of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson ( 1962-1992 ) . Carson received six Emmy Awards , the Television Academy 's 1980 Governor 's Award , and a 1985 Peabody Award . He was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1987 . Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992 and received a Kennedy Center Honor in 1993 . During World War II , Carson served in the Navy . After the war , Carson started a career in radio . Although his show was already successful by the end of the 1960s , during the 1970s , Carson became an American icon and remained so even after his retirement in 1992 . He adopted a casual , conversational approach with extensive interaction with guests , an approach pioneered by Arthur Godfrey and previous Tonight Show hosts Steve Allen and Jack Paar . Former late-night host and friend David Letterman has cited Carson 's influence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._Lyons_and_Co.", "text": "J. Lyons & Co. was a British restaurant chain , food manufacturing , and hotel conglomerate founded in 1884 . Several Lyons cake products are still available on grocers shelves , including , Lyons Treacle tart , Lyons Bakewell tart , Lyons Battenberg , and Lyons Trifle sponges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Realp_UR", "text": "Realp ( archaic Urnerdeutsch [ de ] : Frialp ) is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ambrosian_Opera_Chorus", "text": "The Ambrosian Singers are one of the best-known London choral groups , particularly appreciated for their great variety of recorded repertory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missouri_State_University", "text": "Missouri State University ( MSU or MO State ) is a public university in Springfield , Missouri . Founded in 1905 as the Fourth District Normal School , it is the state 's second largest university campus by enrollment , with an official system enrollment of 26,001 in the fall semester of 2019 . The Springfield campus is one of two degree-granting institutions operated by the school , the other being a two-year campus in West Plains , Missouri . An associate degree in arts and a bachelor 's degree in business is offered at Liaoning Normal University in China . In addition to its main campus , MSU maintains a fruit research station in Mountain Grove , Missouri and the Department of Defense and Strategic Studies program in Fairfax , Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norwegian_Jade", "text": "Norwegian Jade is a cruise ship for Norwegian Cruise Line , originally built as the Pride of Hawaii for their NCL America division . She was christened in a ceremony at the San Pedro Pier in Los Angeles , California on May 22 , 2006 . This Panamax form-factor ship was built at Meyer Werft Shipyard , in Papenburg , Germany , and registers at just over 93,500 gross tons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_Chaban-Delmas", "text": "Stade Chaban-Delmas is a sporting stadium located in the city of Bordeaux , France . It was the home ground of FC Girondins de Bordeaux . Since 2011 , it has also hosted matches of Top 14 rugby team Union Bordeaux Bègles . Until 2001 , the stadium 's name was the Stade du Parc Lescure , so called after the fallow lands on which it was built ( Lescure is from earlier d'Escure , a transformation of des Cures , part of the name of the chapelle Saint-Laurent-des-Cures-lès-Bourdeaus , formerly a prominent feature of the area ) . That year it was renamed after politician Jacques Chaban-Delmas , who was the mayor of Bordeaux from 1947 to 1995 . First built in 1930 as a cycle-racing track , in 1935 it was reconfigured to accommodate the upcoming 1938 FIFA World Cup . It was the first stadium in the world to have stands entirely covered without any pillars obstructing visibility of the playing area . Classified as a historic building , its restoration has been difficult , as its roof does not cover seats built after 1984 on the old cycle track . The current seating capacity of the stadium is 34,462 , following a series of expansions of the stands , in particular for the 1998 FIFA World Cup . A record 40,211 spectators were in attendance on 24 April 1985 to watch a match between Girondins de Bordeaux and Juventus . In preparation of several matches that were held here for the 2007 Rugby World Cup , two giant television screens measuring 37 m2 were installed . The tunnel connecting the locker rooms of the players to the ground is the longest in Europe ( close to 120 meters ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesús_Gil_Manzano", "text": "Jesús Gil Manzano ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xeˈsus ˈxil manˈθano ] ; born 4 February 1984 in Don Benito ) is a Spanish football referee . He officiates in the Spanish Primera División . He made his La Liga debut on 25 August 2012 in a game between Málaga CF and Real Madrid . Gil Manzano also appeared in the 2013-14 Copa del Rey quarterfinals game between Racing de Santander and Real Sociedad , where Racing refused to play after one minute . Following the game between FC Barcelona and Girona FC on 23 September 2018 , that ended 2-2 , Lionel Messi refused to shake his hand after the match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pocheon", "text": "Pocheon ( Korean pronunciation : [ pʰo.tɕʰʌn ] ) is a inland city in the far northeastern region of Gyeonggi province in South Korea . It covers 826.48 km ( 513.55 mi ) 2 with a population of 160,176 people , according to the 2008 census . Pocheon lies between Seoul and the mountainous northwestern areas of Gangwon province . The city borders Yeoncheon county , with the cities of Dongducheon and Yangju to the west , along with Uijeongbu , and Namyangju of Gyeonggi province to the south . It also borders Hwacheon county of Gangwon province on its eastern border and Cheorwon is to the north . Alongside the adjoining Gapyeong , Pocheon consists of the highest mountainous areas in Gyeonggi province . The current city of Pocheon was created after Pocheon-hyeon and Yeongpyeong counties were merged . The north part of the city used to be part of Yeongpyeong county while the south used to be part of Pocheon-hyeon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moors_murders", "text": "The Moors murders were carried out by Ian Brady and Myra Hindley between July 1963 and October 1965 , in and around Manchester , England . The victims were five children - Pauline Reade , John Kilbride , Keith Bennett , Lesley Ann Downey and Edward Evans - aged between 10 and 17 , at least four of whom were sexually assaulted . Two of the victims were discovered in graves dug on Saddleworth Moor ; a third grave was discovered there in 1987 , more than twenty years after Brady and Hindley 's trial . Bennett 's body is also thought to be buried there , but despite repeated searches it remains undiscovered . The pair were charged only in the deaths of Kilbride , Downey and Evans , and received life sentences . The investigation was reopened in 1985 , after Brady was reported as having confessed to the murders of Reade and Bennett . After confessing to these additional murders , Brady and Hindley were taken separately to Saddleworth Moor to assist in the search for the graves . Characterised by the press as the most evil woman in Britain , Hindley made several appeals against her life sentence , claiming she was a reformed woman and no longer a danger to society , but was never released . She died in 2002 , aged 60 . Brady was diagnosed as a psychopath in 1985 and confined in the high-security Ashworth Hospital . He made it clear that he never wished to be released , and repeatedly asked to be allowed to die . He died in 2017 , at Ashworth , aged 79 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/God's_Faithful_Servant:_Barla", "text": "God 's Faithful Servant : Barla ( Turkish : Allah'ın Sadık Kulu : Barla ) is a 2011 Turkish animation-biographical film , directed by Esin Orhan . The film received a nationwide general release on November 4 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hahnen", "text": "The Hahnen is a mountain of the Urner Alps , overlooking Engelberg in the Swiss canton of Obwalden . It has an elevation of 2,606 metres above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Octave_Lapize", "text": "Octave Lapize ( pronounced [ ɔktav lapiz ] ; 24 October 1887 - 14 July 1917 ) was a French professional road racing cyclist and track cyclist . Most famous for winning the 1910 Tour de France and a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the men 's 100 kilometres , he was a three-time winner of one-day classics , Paris-Roubaix and Paris-Brussels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCCW-TV", "text": "WCCO-TV , virtual channel 4 ( UHF digital channel 32 ) , is a CBS owned-and-operated television station licensed to Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States and serving the Twin Cities television market . The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of ViacomCBS . WCCO-TV 's studios are located on South 11th Street along Nicollet Mall in downtown Minneapolis , and its transmitter is located at the Telefarm complex in Shoreview , Minnesota . WCCO-TV 's programming is also seen on full-power satellite station KCCW-TV ( virtual and VHF digital channel 12 ) in Walker ( with transmitter near Hackensack ) . Nielsen Media Research treats WCCO-TV and KCCW-TV as one station in local ratings books , using the identifier name WCCO+ . From 1987 until 2017 , WCCO-TV operated a second satellite , KCCO-TV ( virtual and VHF digital channel 7 ) in Alexandria ( with transmitter near Westport ) . WCCO is one of three owned-and-operated network affiliates in the Twin Cities market , the others being Fox O & O KMSP-TV ( channel 9 ) and MyNetworkTV O & O WFTC ( channel 9.2 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duarte_Province", "text": "Duarte ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈdwaɾte ] ) is a province of the Dominican Republic . It is named after Juan Pablo Duarte , founder of the Dominican Republic . It was created in 1896 as a district ( an old country subdivision ) with the name Distrito Pacificador but the Constitution of 1907 changed the category to province . In 1925 its name was changed to Duarte ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USC_Trojans_baseball", "text": "The USC Trojans baseball program represents the University of Southern California in college baseball . Established in 1888 , the team is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Pac-12 Conference . USC home 's field is Dedeaux Field , which is named in honor of former head coach and National College Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Rod Dedeaux . The USC Trojans are one of the most successful programs in the history of college baseball . The Trojans have won more baseball national championships than any other program across all divisions of college baseball . With 12 national championships , USC is far and away the leader in that category ; no other Division I school has more than six . As of June 30 , 2018 , USC also ranked fifth in all-time College World Series ( CWS ) appearances with 21 , trailing only Texas ( 36 ) , Miami ( FL ) ( 25 ) , and Arizona State ( 22 ) , and Florida State ( 22 ) . The Trojans have won more individual CWS games ( 74 ) than any program but Texas ( 85 ) . USC also ranked fourth in all-time NCAA Tournament wins with 173 - trailing only Texas ( 240 ) , Miami ( 192 ) , and Florida State ( 192 ) - and eighth in total NCAA Tournament appearances with 37 . The Trojans have compiled an all-time record of 2,884-1,685-28 ( .630 ) - ranking fifth in all-time wins and 18th in all-time win percentage - and have captured outright or tied for 38 conference championships , as of the end of the 2018 season . USC 's most notable baseball coach was Rod Dedeaux , who coached from 1942 from 1986 and led the school to 11 of its NCAA championships , including five straight from 1970 to 1974 . The first Trojan national championship came in 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_West_(basketball)", "text": "David Moorer West ( born August 29 , 1980 ) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Xavier Musketeers , earning national college player of the year honors from the Associated Press ( AP ) and United States Basketball Writers Association ( USBWA ) as a senior in 2003 . West is a two-time NBA All-Star ( 2008 and 2009 ) and a two-time NBA champion ( 2017 and 2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CIPA-TV", "text": "CIPA-TV ( branded on-air as CTV Prince Albert ) is the CTV owned-and-operated station in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan , Canada , operating as a semi-satellite of CFQC-DT in Saskatoon . It broadcasts an analogue signal on VHF channel 9 from a transmitter between Louis Reil Trail/Highway 11 and Highway 2 , south-southwest of Prince Albert and also operates rebroadcast transmitters in Alticane , Big River , Melfort and Nipawin . Owned by Bell Media , its studios are located on 10 Street West ( near the North Saskatchewan River ) in Downtown Prince Albert . This station can also be seen on Shaw Cable channel 8 and Sasktel Max channel 4 . It can also be found , as of 2013 , on Shaw Direct channels 639 ( Classic ) and 199 ( Advanced ) , but an MPEG-4 receiver as well as access to all three satellites are needed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_Hearts_II", "text": "Kingdom Hearts II is a 2005 action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 video game console . The game is a sequel to Kingdom Hearts , and like the original game , combines characters and settings from Disney films with those of Square Enix 's Final Fantasy series . The game 's popularity has resulted in a novel and manga series based upon it and a Japan-exclusive re-released version of the game featuring extra content , Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix , released in March 2007 . The Final Mix version of the game was re-mastered in high definition and released as a part of the Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix collection for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 in 2014 . Kingdom Hearts II is the third game in the Kingdom Hearts series . It picks up one year after the events of Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories . Sora , the protagonist of the first two games , returns to search for his lost friends while battling the sinister Organization XIII , a group of antagonists previously introduced in Chain of Memories . Like the previous games , Kingdom Hearts II features a large cast of characters from Disney films and Final Fantasy games . The game was earned several awards , and has since been cited as one of the greatest video games of all time . In both Japan and North America , it shipped more than one million copies within weeks of its release , with over four million worldwide by April 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heart_of_Midlothian_F.C.", "text": "Heart of Midlothian Football Club , commonly known as Hearts , is a Scottish professional football club based in the Gorgie area of Edinburgh , Scotland , that plays in the Scottish Premiership , the top tier in Scottish football . Hearts are the oldest football club in the Scottish capital , as they were formed in 1874 by a group of friends from the Heart of Midlothian Quadrille Assembly ( a dancing club ) , whose name was influenced by Walter Scott 's novel The Heart of Midlothian . The modern club crest is based on the Heart of Midlothian mosaic on the city 's Royal Mile and the team 's colours are predominantly maroon and white . Hearts play at Tynecastle Park , where home matches have been played since 1886 . After renovating the ground into an all-seater stadium following the findings of the Taylor Report in 1990 , the stadium now has a capacity of just over 20,000 following the completion of a newly rebuilt main stand in 2017 . Their current training facilities are based at the Oriam , Scotland 's national performance centre for sport , where they also run their youth academy . Heart of Midlothian have won the Scottish league championship four times , most recently in 1959-60 , when they also retained the Scottish League Cup to complete a League and League Cup double - the only club outside of the Old Firm to achieve such a feat . The club 's most successful period was under former player turned manager Tommy Walker from the early 1950s to mid 1960s . Between 1954 and 1962 they won two league titles , one Scottish Cup , and four Scottish League Cups , and also finished inside the league 's top four positions for 11 consecutive seasons between 1949-50 and 1959-60 . Jimmy Wardhaugh , Willie Bauld and Alfie Conn Sr. , known as the Terrible Trio , were forwards at the start of this period with wing half linchpins Dave Mackay and John Cumming . Wardhaugh was part of another notable Hearts attacking trinity in the 1957-58 league winning side . Along with Jimmy Murray and Alex Young , they set the record for the number of goals scored in a Scottish league winning campaign ( 132 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_(console)", "text": "The PlayStation [ a ] ( officially abbreviated as PS and commonly known as the PS1 or its codename PSX ) is a home video game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was first released on 3 December 1994 in Japan , on 9 September 1995 in North America , on 29 September 1995 in Europe , and on 15 November 1995 in Australia , and was the first of the PlayStation lineup of video game consoles . As a fifth generation console , the PlayStation primarily competed with the Nintendo 64 and the Sega Saturn . The PlayStation was the first computer entertainment platform to ship over 100 million units , which it had reached nine years after its initial launch . In July 2000 , a redesigned , slim version called the PS one was released , replacing the original grey console and named appropriately to avoid confusion with its successor , the PlayStation 2 . The PlayStation 2 , which is backwards compatible with the PlayStation 's DualShock controller and games , was announced in 1999 and launched in 2000 . The last PS one units were sold in late 2006 to early 2007 shortly after it was officially discontinued , for a total of 102 million units shipped since its launch eleven years earlier . Games for the PlayStation continued to sell until Sony ceased production of both the PlayStation and PlayStation games on 23 March 2006 - over eleven years after it had been released , and less than a year before the debut of the PlayStation 3 . On 19 September 2018 , Sony unveiled the PlayStation Classic to mark the 24th anniversary of the original console . The new console is a miniature recreation of the original PlayStation , preloaded with 20 titles released on the original console , and was released on 3 December 2018 , the exact date the console was released in Japan in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastville,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Eastville , a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) north-east from Boston and 6 miles ( 10 km ) south from Spilsby . Eastville was an extra-parochial allotment of the East Fen , which was drained between 1802 and 1813 , and constituted as a township by act of parliament passed in 1812 . It was organized as a civil parish in 1866 . The Anglican parish church in Eastville was dedicated to Saint Paul and built at the same time as the parsonage , house and school . It was authorized under the Fens Churches Act of 1816 . The Victorian Gothic church was consecrated in 1840 by John C. Carter , and was probably built shortly beforehand . It is a Grade II listed building . The church has been closed since 2007 because of structural problems and ground shrinkage making it unstable ; officials have applied to demolish it because there are no funds for restoration . In October 2013 , the judge of the Consistory Court urged the diocese to study alternatives for saving the church , as he did not agree that it should be demolished . The first Eastville school was condemned by an HM Inspector of Schools . A new school was built on the same site by the Eastville School Board ( formed in 1895 ) , and opened in 1897 as the Eastville Board School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Comfrey_(K277)", "text": "USS Action ( PG-86 ) was the lead ship of the Action-class patrol boats acquired by the United States Navy for the task of patrolling American coastal waters during World War II . She is the only ship to bear this name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019–20_Rhode_Island_Rams_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2019-20 Rhode Island Rams basketball team represents the University of Rhode Island during the 2019-20 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Rams , led by second-year head coach David Cox , play their home games at the Ryan Center in Kingston , Rhode Island as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nuno_Santos_(footballer,_born_1995)", "text": "Nuno Miguel Gomes dos Santos ( born 13 February 1995 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C . as a winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abraham_Pierson", "text": "Reverend Abraham Pierson ( 1646 - March 5 , 1707 ) was the first rector , from 1701 to 1707 , and one of the founders of the Collegiate School - which later became Yale University . He was born in Southampton , Long Island , where his father , the Rev . Abraham Pierson ( Sr. ) , was the pastor of the Puritan ( Congregational ) church . At that time , Southampton and much of eastern Long Island were administered as part of the Connecticut Colony . It is commonly stated that Abraham Pierson ( Jr. ) was born in Lynn , Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1640 or 1641 . This claim conflicts with his gravestone in present-day Clinton , Connecticut [ see note 5 ] , as well as the period he spent as a student at Harvard College ( 1664 to 1668 ) . Around 1647 , Abraham 's family moved from Southampton to Branford in what is now Connecticut . At that time , Branford was affiliated with the ( unchartered ) New Haven Colony . The plans to move from Southampton to Branford began in 1644 when Southampton chose to become affiliated with Connecticut instead of New Haven . Abraham 's father was the pastor of the Puritan ( Congregational ) church in Branford from around 1647 to around 1667 . [ see note 6 ] In 1667 , Abraham 's family moved to New Jersey where his father established the community of New Ark , present-day Newark , New Jersey . At that time , Abraham ( Jr. ) was a student at Harvard College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Cab_(band)", "text": "Black Cab is a Melbourne based drone and electronica group . The band has released five full-length albums and two EPs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wang_Cheng-pang", "text": "Wang Cheng-pang ( Chinese : 王正邦 ; pinyin : Wáng Zhèngbāng ; born 12 January 1987 ) is a Taiwanese professional archer representing Chinese Taipei ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992_Strachan_Open", "text": "The 1992 Strachan Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament , that was held from 2-7 March 1992 at the Thorbury Leisure Centre , Bristol , England . This tournament was a one-off ranking event sponsored by the well known billiard table cloth company . It carried a slightly lower points tariff and a considerably lower prize fund than the main ranking events and as such was boycotted by several of the top players . James Wattana won the tournament by defeating John Parrott nine frames to five in the final . Peter Ebdon made a maximum break in qualifying against Wayne Martin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horrorshow_(band)", "text": "Horrorshow is an Australian hip-hop music duo from the Inner West region of Sydney that consists of producer Adit and rapper MC Solo . Horrorshow , together with Spit Syndicate , Jackie Onassis and Joyride , are members of One Day crew . Since 2008 Horrorshow have released four albums as well as two singles and two live albums ( featuring Joyride , amongst others ) titled Live at the Spiegeltent and Live From The Listen Close Tour . Horrorshow are recognised as pioneers of the sub genre known as Aussie hip-hop , alongside Illy , Drapht , Bliss N Eso and The Hilltop Hoods ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chima_Okorie", "text": "Chima Ephraim Okorie ( born 8 October 1968 in Izomber , Abia State ) is a Nigerian former professional football striker who was renowned for his goalscoring prowess in the Indian leagues . Okorie moved to India as a student , his big break came when he played first time in the Durand Cup , when is represented Visakhapatnam and Hyderabad x1 . There was no such thing as Chandigarh team was an all volunteer team and could not afford to pay their players . He then signed a major deal with Mohammedan SC , East Bengal and Mohun Bagan . He then moved to England , joining Peterborough United on non-contract terms before joining Grimsby Town in September 1993 . He made his English league debut as a substitute away to Crystal Palace winning the Sunday Man of the match , and made four further appearances ( all as a substitute ) as his career at Grimsby was interrupted by a broken leg . He moved to Torquay United in March 1994 and was a regular in the Torquay side for the next twelve months , before losing his place to Duane Darby . He was released at the end of the 1994-95 season was joined Norwegian premier side Sogndal , later playing for Danish premier sides Ikast FS and Viborg FF . He returned to India to play again for Mohun Bagan , but received a two-year suspension after being accused of assaulting a referee in a game on 31 August 1999 . On 3 June 2006 he was made manager of Bengal-Mumbai FC , and also became the club 's CEO on 16 August . He was appointed manager of Mohun Bagan on 20 February 2007 , but resigned on 7 April following differences with the club 's senior players . He then became the manager of the Delhi based I-League 2nd division side Osian 's New Delhi Heroes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_of_Bankstown", "text": "The City of Bankstown was a local government area in the south-west region of Sydney , Australia , centred on the suburb of Bankstown . In 2006 , the NSW government released a planning strategy for Metropolitan Sydney , known as the City of Cities plan for Sydney . The plan identified Bankstown as a 'major centre ' for the south west Sydney region . Bankstown Airport was also identified as a 'specialist centre ' and the Hume Highway as part of a potential transport corridor . Under the most recent Draft Metropolitan Strategy for Sydney released in 2013 , the NSW Government has reaffirmed Bankstown as a major centre , and Bankstown Airport as a specialised centre . The last Mayor of the City of Bankstown Council was Clr Khal Asfour , a member of the Labor Party . A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that the City of Bankstown merge with the City of Canterbury to form a new council with an area of 110 square kilometres ( 42 sq mi ) and support a population of approximately 351,000 . On 12 May 2016 , the NSW Government announced that Bankstown would merge with neighbour City of Canterbury to be known as Canterbury-Bankstown Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Mathis", "text": "David Haynes Mathis ( born February 22 , 1974 ) is an American professional golfer . Mathis was born in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . He played college golf at Campbell University . He turned professional in 1997 . Mathis played on the mini-tours and then on the Canadian Tour from 2001 to 2005 . He played on the Nationwide Tour from 2006 to 2008 , winning once at the 2008 BMW Charity Pro-Am and earning his PGA Tour card for 2009 . He played the PGA Tour in 2009 but did not earn enough to retain his card . He played the Nationwide Tour again in 2010 , winning again at the Winn-Dixie Jacksonville Open and finishing 13th on the money list to regain his PGA Tour card for 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marseille", "text": "Marseille ( /mɑːrˈseɪ/ mar-SAY , also spelled in English as Marseilles ; French : [ maʁsɛj ] ( listen ) , locally [ maʁˈsɛjə ] ( listen ) ; Occitan : Marselha [ maʀˈsejɔ , -ˈsijɔ ] ) is the prefecture of the department of Bouches-du-Rhône and region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur . It is located on the Mediterranean coast near the mouth of the Rhône . The city covers an area of 241 km2 ( 93 sq mi ) and had a population of 870,018 in 2016 . Its metropolitan area , which extends over 3,173 km2 ( 1,225 sq mi ) is the third-largest in France after those of Paris and Lyon , with a population of 1,831,500 as of 2010 . Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia ( Greek : Μασσαλία , romanized : Massalía ) , Marseille was an important European trading centre and remains the main commercial port of the French Republic . Marseille is now France 's largest city on the Mediterranean coast and the largest port for commerce , freight and cruise ships . The city was European Capital of Culture in 2013 and European Capital of Sport in 2017 ; it hosted matches at the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2016 . It is home to Aix-Marseille University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Allen_(U.S._politician)", "text": "George Felix Allen ( born March 8 , 1952 ) is an American politician . A member of the Republican Party , he served as the 67th Governor of Virginia from 1994 to 1998 and as a United States Senator from Virginia from 2001 to 2007 . The son of National Football League head coach George Allen , he served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1983 to 1991 , resigning after he won a special election for Virginia 's 7th congressional district in November 1991 . After his district was eliminated during redistricting , he declined to run for a full term in 1992 , instead running for Governor of Virginia in the 1993 election . He defeated Democratic Attorney General of Virginia Mary Sue Terry by 58.3% against 40.9% . Barred by term limits from seeking reelection to a second term in 1997 , he worked in the private sector until the 2000 election in which he ran for the United States Senate , defeating two-term Democratic incumbent Chuck Robb . Allen ran for reelection in the 2006 election , but after a close and controversial race , he was defeated by Democratic former U.S. Secretary of the Navy Jim Webb . When Webb decided to retire , Allen ran for his old seat again in the 2012 election but was defeated again , this time by Democratic former Governor Tim Kaine . Allen now serves on the Reagan Ranch Board of Governors of Young America 's Foundation , where he is a Reagan Ranch Presidential Scholar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belmont_railway_station_(Sutton)", "text": "Belmont railway station serves the village of Belmont in the London Borough of Sutton in south London . The station is located on the Epsom Downs line , part of the Sutton & Mole Valley Line services of the Southern , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 . It is 16 miles 1 chain ( 25.77 km ) down the line from London Bridge measured via West Croydon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sault_Ste._Marie,_Ontario", "text": "Sault Ste . Marie ( /ˈsuː seɪnt məˈriː/ Soo Saint Marie ) is a city on the St. Marys River in Ontario , Canada , close to the U.S.-Canada border . It is the seat of the Algoma District and the third largest city in Northern Ontario , after Sudbury and Thunder Bay . The Ojibwe , the indigenous Anishinaabe inhabitants of the area , call this area Baawitigong , meaning place of the rapids . They used this as a regional meeting place during whitefish season in the St. Mary 's Rapids . ( The anglicized form of this name , Bawating , is used in institutional and geographic names in the area . ) To the south , across the river , is the United States and the Michigan city of the same name . These two communities were one city until a new treaty after the War of 1812 established the border between Canada and the United States in this area at the St. Mary 's River . In the 21st century , the two cities are joined by the International Bridge , which connects Interstate 75 on the Michigan side , and Huron Street ( and former Ontario Secondary Highway 550B ) on the Ontario side . Shipping traffic in the Great Lakes system bypasses the Saint Mary 's Rapids via the American Soo Locks , the world 's busiest canal in terms of tonnage that passes through it , while smaller recreational and tour boats use the Canadian Sault Ste . Marie Canal . French colonists referred to the rapids on the river as Les Saults de Ste ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pahang", "text": "Pahang ( Malay pronunciation : [ paˈhaŋ ] ; Jawi : ڤهڠ ) , officially Pahang Darul Makmur with the Arabic honorific Darul Makmur ( Jawi : دار المعمور , The Abode of Tranquility ) is a sultanate and a federal state of Malaysia . It is the third largest Malaysian state by area and ninth largest by population . The state occupies the basin of the Pahang River , and a stretch of the east coast as far south as Endau . Geographically located in the East Coast region of the Peninsular Malaysia , the state shares borders with the Malaysian states of Kelantan and Terengganu to the north , Perak , Selangor and Negeri Sembilan to the west , Johor to the south , while South China Sea is to the east . The Titiwangsa mountain range that forms a natural divider between the Peninsula 's east and west coasts is spread along the north and south of the state , peaking at Mount Tahan , which is 2,187m high . Although two thirds of the state is covered by dense rain forest , its central plains are intersected by numerous rivers , and along the coast there is a 32-kilometre wide expanse of alluvial soil that includes the deltas and estuarine plains of the Kuantan , Pahang , Rompin , Endau , and Mersing rivers . The state is divided into 11 administrative divisions called daerah ( districts ) - Pekan , Rompin , Maran , Temerloh , Jerantut , Bentong , Raub , Lipis , Cameron Highlands and Bera . The largest district is Jerantut , which is the main gateway to the Taman Negara national park . Pahang 's capital and largest city , Kuantan , is the eighth largest urban agglomerations by population in Malaysia . The royal capital and the official seat of the Sultan of Pahang is located at Pekan . Pekan was also the old state capital which its name translates literally into 'the town ' , it was known historically as 'Inderapura ' . Other major towns include Temerloh , Bentong and its hills resorts of Genting Highlands and Bukit Tinggi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coastal_Carolina_Chanticleers", "text": "The Coastal Carolina Chanticleers ( /ˈʃɒntɪklɪər/ , SHON-ti-klirr ) are the athletic teams that represent Coastal Carolina University . They participate in Division I of the NCAA as a member of the Sun Belt Conference in most sports , having joined that conference as a full but non-football member on July 1 , 2016 . At that time , the football team began a transition from the second-level Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) to the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) . The team played the 2016 season as an FCS independent , joined Sun Belt football for the 2017 season , and became full FBS members for 2018 and beyond . A Chanticleer is a proud and fierce rooster . Prior to joining the Sun Belt , the Chanticleers had been members of the Big South Conference since that league 's formation in 1983 . Coastal fields varsity teams in 20 sports , 9 for men and 11 for women . The university regularly competed for the Sasser Cup , the Big South 's trophy for the university with the best sports program among the member institutions , winning the trophy nine times , tied with rival Liberty University . Until the early 1960s Coastal 's teams were known as the Trojans . Upon its affiliation with the university of South Carolina , the push was made for a mascot more in line with the parent 's mascot ( the Gamecock ) ; the ultimate choice was the Chanticleer , the proud , witty rooster made famous in The Nun 's Priest 's Tale of Chaucer 's The Canterbury Tales ( the mascot itself would be named Zachary ) . When Coastal became an independent university in 1993 , despite some calls for a complete split from USC ( i.e. , change the mascot ) , the Chanticleer remained the school 's mascot . Coastal has developed in-state rivalries with Charleston Southern , Clemson , College of Charleston , Furman , Presbyterian , South Carolina , South Carolina State , The Citadel , USC Upstate , Winthrop , and Wofford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eugene_Saint_Julien_Cox_House", "text": "The Eugene Saint Julien Cox House , now known as the E. St. Julien Cox House , is a Carpenter Gothic-style house in St. Peter , Minnesota , United States . It was built in 1871 for Eugene Saint Julien Cox , the first mayor of St. Peter , and his family . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 , 1970 . The building has been restored inside and out to its late 19th-century appearance by the Nicollet County Historical Society , which opens it as a house museum a few days per week during the summer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keane_Barry", "text": "Keane Neill Barry ( born 25 June 2002 ) is an Irish professional darts player who currently plays in PDC and Youth Development Tour events . He also plays in British Darts Organisation Youth Tour events , and is the current World Masters Youth Champion and BDO World Youth Champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethan_of_Athos", "text": "Ethan of Athos is a 1986 science fiction novel by American author Lois McMaster Bujold . The title character is Dr. Ethan Urquhart , Chief of Biology at the Severin District Reproduction Centre on the planet Athos , who is sent to find out what happened to a shipment of vital ovarian tissue cultures . Set in the fictional universe of Bujold 's Vorkosigan Saga , the novel mentions but does not feature her usual protagonist Miles Vorkosigan . To date , Bujold has never revisited the settings of Athos or Kline Station in her many subsequent novels , but the events of Ethan of Athos are later referred to indirectly in the novels Borders of Infinity ( 1989 ) and Cetaganda ( 1995 ) . Bujold had written her first novel Shards of Honor and its sequel The Warrior 's Apprentice - both unpublished - when she wrote Ethan of Athos , a standalone work that was purposely short because the current cargo-cult rumor amongst the wanna-be-published back then was that editors would be more likely to read a short manuscript . All three novels were subsequently sold , and published in 1986 . Bujold named Athos , a planet founded and maintained as an exclusively male-populated colony with a planetary religion and ideology supporting this single-sex structure , after the Greek Mount Athos , which has prohibited the entry of women for religious reasons since even before the ban was officially proclaimed by the Byzantine emperor Constantine Monomachos in 1046 . Ethan of Athos has been reprinted several times , and appeared in the 2001 Bujold omnibus Miles , Mystery and Mayhem alongside Cetaganda and the novella Labyrinth . The novel was released on audio cassette in September 1999 narrated by Michael Hanson and Carol Cowan , and as a digital audiobook in March 2009 narrated by Grover Gardner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1996", "text": "The 31st Biathlon World Championships were held in 1996 for the third time in Ruhpolding , Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_C._Calhoun", "text": "John Caldwell Calhoun ( /kælˈhuːn/ ; March 18 , 1782 - March 31 , 1850 ) was an American statesman and political theorist from South Carolina who served as the seventh vice president of the United States from 1825 to 1832 . He is remembered for strongly defending slavery and for advancing the concept of minority rights in politics , which he did in the context of protecting the interests of the white South when it was outnumbered by Northerners . He began his political career as a nationalist , modernizer , and proponent of a strong national government and protective tariffs . In the late 1820s , his views changed radically , and he became a leading proponent of states ' rights , limited government , nullification , and opposition to high tariffs - he saw Northern acceptance of these policies as a condition of the South remaining in the Union . His beliefs and warnings heavily influenced the South 's secession from the Union in 1860-1861 . Calhoun began his political career with election to the House of Representatives in 1810 . As a prominent leader of the war hawk faction , Calhoun strongly supported the War of 1812 to defend American honor against British infractions of American independence and neutrality during the Napoleonic Wars . He then served as Secretary of War under President James Monroe , and in this position reorganized and modernized the War Department . Calhoun was a candidate for the presidency in the 1824 election . After failing to gain support , he let his name be put forth as a candidate for vice president . The Electoral College elected Calhoun for vice president by an overwhelming majority . He served under John Quincy Adams and continued under Andrew Jackson , who defeated Adams in the election of 1828 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Full_Throttle_(1995_video_game)", "text": "Full Throttle is a graphic adventure video game developed by LucasArts and designed by Tim Schafer . The game was released on April 20 , 1995 , for MS-DOS , Microsoft Windows and Mac OS . It was Schafer 's first game as project lead and head writer and designer , after having worked on other LucasArts titles including The Secret of Monkey Island ( 1990 ) , Monkey Island 2 : LeChuck 's Revenge ( 1991 ) , and Day of the Tentacle ( 1993 ) . Set in the near future , the game 's story follows Ben , the leader of a biker gang , who is framed for the murder of a beloved motorcycle manufacturing mogul and seeks to clear his and his gang 's names . A remastered version of the game was developed by Double Fine Productions and was released in April 2017 for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita . Full Throttle was LucasArts ' eleventh adventure game overall and the tenth to use the company 's in-house game engine , SCUMM . It featured full motion video and action sequences , using LucasArts ' INSANE animation engine , which was previously utilized in Star Wars : Rebel Assault II : The Hidden Empire . It was the first LucasArts game to be released for Microsoft Windows and the first to be distributed only on CD-ROM . It also introduced a contextual pie menu through which the player controls interactions with objects and characters . In contrast to other computer games of the era , which mostly relied on in-house talent for their voice acting , Full Throttle used mostly professional voice actors , including Roy Conrad as Ben , Mark Hamill as the villainous Adrian Ripburger , Hamilton Camp as the elderly Malcolm Corley , and Kath Soucie as Ben 's ally Maureen . It was one of the few LucasArts games to use licensed music , featuring songs by San Francisco-area rock band The Gone Jackals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PBAPP_FC", "text": "Perbadanan Bekalan Air Pulau Pinang Football Club is a Malaysian football team based in the city of Penang representing the state of Pulau Pinang , Malaysia . The team is the works team of the Penang Water Supply Corporation ( Malay : Perbadanan Bekalan Air Pulau Pinang ) Newly founded in 2012 , the team was registered under the name of the Perbadanan Bekalan Air Pulau Pinang Football Club ( Malay : Kelab Bolasepak Perbadanan Bekalan Air Pulau Pinang ) and started to play in the third-tier football league system in Malaysia , the Malaysia FAM League in the 2012 season . During the 2013 season , the club finished second in the league and were promoted to the 2014 Malaysia Premier League . After just a season , the club were relegated back to the Malaysia FAM League after finished at the bottom of the table during their debut season . After the 2015 season has over , this club does not exist anymore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crestwood,_Illinois", "text": "Crestwood is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States . The population was 10,950 at the 2010 census . Crestwood has been cited as a success story by proponents of low taxes and minimal government , but in April 2009 , the Chicago Tribune revealed that Crestwood 's low taxes were due to illegally saving money on its water bills by secretly supplementing its drinking water from a well that was contaminated with toxic chemicals . Officials in the south suburb had pumped tainted water to residents for more than two decades to avoid the cost of fixing leaky water mains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valentine_Strasser", "text": "Valentine Esegragbo Melvine Strasser ( born 26 April 1967 ) is an ex-military leader who served as head of state of Sierra Leone from 1992 to 1996 . He had been a junior military officer but in 1992 , he became the world 's youngest Head of State when he seized power three days after his 25th birthday . He was the leading member in a group of six young Sierra Leonean soldiers who overthrew president Joseph Saidu Momoh in the 29 April 1992 military coup . They established a military junta called the National Provisional Ruling Council ( NPRC ) . On January 1996 , after nearly four years in power , Strasser was ousted in a second military coup , but this time it was his own NPRC soldiers who were not satisfied with his handling of the peace process . The coup was led by his deputy , Brigadier General Julius Maada Bio . Strasser is the first , and one of two Sierra Leonean Heads of State ( the other is Julius Maada Bio ) born after Sierra Leone had become an Independent nation . He is also the second Sierra Leonean Head of State from the Krio ethnic group . Strasser was born and raised in the neighbourhood of Allen Town in the east end of Sierra Leone 's capital Freetown to Creole parents . Strasser enlisted in the Republic of Sierra Leone Military Forces ( RSLMF ) at age eighteen , immediately after graduating from secondary school ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Dominique_Ebossé_Bodjongo_Dika", "text": "Albert Dominique Ebossé Bodjongo Dika ( 6 October 1989 - 23 August 2014 ) was a Cameroonian football player who played in Cameroon , Malaysia and Algeria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Happy_Face_Murders", "text": "Happy Face Murders is a 1999 American made-for-television crime drama film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith . It is based on a real story . It was shot in 21 days and is one of director Brian Trenchard-Smith 's favourite films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramadhan_Hamid", "text": "Mohamad Ramadhan bin Ab . Hamid ( born 16 February 1994 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Malaysia Premier League club Penang . Ramadhan began his career with Kelantan youth team in 2012 at the age of 18 . In 2013 , Ramadhan moved to Malaysia U21 club Harimau Muda B on loan deal and has played for Singaporean league , S.League . He made his S.League debut on 26 June 2013 , playing the full 90 minutes in a 2-0 loss to Geylang International at the Bedok Stadium . Ramadhan has made 4 appearances and 10 unused substitute during his season debut ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2001_U.S._Open_(tennis)", "text": "The 2001 US Open was held between August 27 - September 9 , 2001 . It was the final Grand Slam event of 2001 . Marat Safin was unsuccessful in his title defence , being defeated in the semifinals by Pete Sampras in a rematch of the 2000 final , while Venus Williams was successful in her title defense , beating her sister Serena in the women 's final . 20-year-old Australian Lleyton Hewitt won the men 's title , defeating Sampras in the final . It was the second consecutive US Open final defeat for Sampras ."}
{"title": "/wiki/England", "text": "England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Wales to the west and Scotland to the north . The Irish Sea lies west of England and the Celtic Sea to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain , which lies in the North Atlantic , and includes over 100 smaller islands , such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight . It is the largest country of British Isles . The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula , who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law - the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world - developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . England 's terrain is chiefly low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there is upland and mountainous terrain in the north ( for example , the Lake District and Pennines ) and in the west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Shropshire Hills ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_Syracuse_Orange_football_team", "text": "The 1994 Syracuse Orangemen football team competed in football on behalf of Syracuse University during the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season . The Orangemen were coached by Paul Pasqualoni and played their home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse , New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Zuiderduin_Masters", "text": "The 2014 Zuiderduin Masters is a BDO/WDF darts tournament that took place in Egmond aan Zee , Netherlands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ainslie_Football_Club", "text": "Ainslie Football Club is a semi-professional Australian rules football club based in Canberra , in the Australian Capital Territory . The club formed in 1927 and won its first premiership in 1929 . They now play in the North East Australian Football League ( NEAFL ) . Ex-St Kilda star Kevin Neale was captain-coach for six seasons ( 1978-1983 ) , during which time Ainslie won four premierships : 1979 , 1980 , 1982 , 1983 . The club was also coached by former VFL/AFL great David Cloke . The club entered the NEAFL for the competition 's inaugural season in 2011 - finishing the year as Eastern Conference premiers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nevirapine", "text": "Nevirapine ( NVP ) , marketed under the trade name Viramune among others , is a medication used to treat and prevent HIV/AIDS , specifically HIV-1 . It is generally recommended for use with other antiretroviral medication . It may be used to prevent mother to child spread during birth but is not recommended following other exposures . It is taken by mouth . Common side effects include rash , headache , nausea , feeling tired , and liver problems . The liver problems and skin rash may be severe and should be checked for during the first few months of treatment . It appears to be safe for use during pregnancy . It is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( NNRTI ) and works by blocking the function of reverse transcriptase . Nevirapine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1996 . It is on the World Health Organization 's List of Essential Medicines , the safest and most effective medicines needed in a health system . It is available as a generic medication . The wholesale cost in the developing world is US $ 2.16 to $ 16.62 per month as of 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nilpotent_matrix", "text": "In linear algebra , a nilpotent matrix is a square matrix N such that"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandy_Springs,_Georgia", "text": "Sandy Springs is a city in northern Fulton County , Georgia , United States . As of the 2010 census , Sandy Springs had a population of 93,853 , and its 2017 estimated population was 106,739 . Sandy Springs is Georgia 's seventh-largest city ( just after Athens ) and is the site of several corporate headquarters ( though many are assigned Atlanta mailing addresses ) such as UPS , Inspire Brands , Cox Communications , and Mercedes-Benz USA 's corporate offices ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josh_Perkins", "text": "Josh Perkins ( born August 25 , 1995 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Greensboro Swarm of the NBA G League . He played college basketball for the Gonzaga Bulldogs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeonbuk_Hyundai_Motors", "text": "Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors ( Korean : 전북 현대 모터스 ) is a professional football club based in North Jeolla Province , South Korea . Jeonbuk play at the Jeonju World Cup Stadium in Jeonju , the capital city of the province . Jeonbuk has won the K League seven times , first in 2009 . They have also won the Korean FA Cup three times , in 2000 , 2003 and 2005 . The club has won the AFC Champions League twice , first in 2006 , becoming the first club from East Asia to win the tournament since the AFC Champions League was launched in its current format in 2003 , and for a time being the only team in the world to have become continental champions without ever having won a domestic league title . This title guaranteed Jeonbuk 's participation in the FIFA Club World Cup in December 2006 . They won the second title in 2016 . The club 's color is green which is also the color of North Jeolla Province . It 's South Korea 's most successful football club up to date ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandness", "text": "Sandness ( the d is not pronounced locally ) is a headland and district in the west of Shetland Mainland , Scotland . Sandness was a civil parish , which also included the island of Papa Stour some 1600 metres northwest across Papa Sound . In 1891 , it was combined with Walls to the south , to form Walls and Sandness Parish , which had an administrative function until the abolition of Civil parishes in Scotland by the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1929 , and had been a statistical regional unit since . Currently , the community council area of Sandness and Walls covers about the same area . The 1878 map of Sandness Parish shows that the parish to the east was Aithsting , before it was included into Sandsting to the south . The headland flanks the south side of Papa Sound near Papa Stour leading into St Magnus Bay and the district includes the headland and forms the mainland part of Walls parish . The land itself is fairly fertile for Shetland and runs from Bousta to Huxter , with Norby and Melby in the middle . It has three churches , with only two still in use , with the other being privately owned and used as a shed . It has no village shop . The nearest one is just south of the village in Walls . The village has approximately 160 residents and 75 inhabited houses . The 249 metres ( 817 ft ) summit of Sandness Hill lies south of the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Akron_Zips", "text": "The Akron Zips are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent the University of Akron in Akron , Ohio , United States . The Zips compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) at the Division I level as a member of the Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) East division . Akron sponsors 20 varsity teams across eight men 's , 11 women 's , and one coed NCAA sanctioned sports . The football team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , the highest level of competition for college football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dead_Space:_Downfall", "text": "Dead Space : Downfall is an American animated science fiction horror film developed by Film Roman and Electronic Arts . It is a prequel to the video game Dead Space and takes place during the events of Dead Space : Extraction , while the Necromorphs invade the USG Ishimura after it receives the Marker . The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 28 , 2008 and broadcast on the Syfy Channel on December 2 , 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Igor_Larionov", "text": "Igor Nikolayevich Larionov ( Russian : Игорь Николаевич Ларионов ; born 3 December 1960 ) is a Russian sports agent and former professional ice hockey player , known as The Professor . Along with Viacheslav Fetisov , he was instrumental in breaking the barrier that kept Soviet players from joining the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He primarily played the centre position . Larionov won three Stanley Cup championships with the Detroit Red Wings ( 1997 , 1998 , 2002 ) and was inducted as a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame on 10 November 2008 . He was also a member of Detroit 's famed Russian Five line ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Six_Flags_Great_Adventure", "text": "Six Flags Great Adventure is an amusement park located in Jackson , New Jersey , owned by Six Flags . Situated between New York City and Philadelphia , the park complex also contains the Hurricane Harbor water park . The park opened in 1974 under restaurateur Warner LeRoy . Six Flags took over ownership of the park in 1977 . Today , the park contains eleven themed areas . On August 30 , 2012 , Six Flags combined its 125-acre ( 51 ha ) Great Adventure Park with its 350-acre ( 140 ha ) Wild Safari animal park to form the 475-acre ( 192 ha ) Six Flags Great Adventure & Safari park , making it the second-largest theme park in the world , after Disney 's Animal Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aapki_Antara", "text": "Aapki Antara ( International title : Antara ) , produced by Drishtant Media , is a soap opera which ran on Zee TV from 1 June 2009 through 18 February 2010 as a social problem drama focusing on the issue of autism . Aapki Antara is also going to air because of its popularity on Zindagi from 23 May 2016 Mon-Sat 6:30pm under the title Antara . The Show Was Dubbed In English and Aired on Zee World on DSTv channel : 166"}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Sydney_Rabbitohs", "text": "The South Sydney Rabbitohs are a professional Australian rugby league team based in Redfern , a suburb of inner-southern Sydney , New South Wales . They participate in the National Rugby League ( NRL ) premiership and are one of nine existing teams from the state capital . They are often called Souths and The Bunnies . The club was formed in 1908 as one of the founding members of the New South Wales Rugby Football League , making them one of Australia 's oldest rugby league teams . The Rabbitohs were formed , under their original 1908 articles of association with the NSWRL competition , to represent the Sydney municipalities of Redfern , Alexandria , Zetland , Waterloo , Mascot and Botany . They are one of only two foundation clubs still present in the NRL , the other being the Sydney Roosters . The South Sydney District Rugby League Football Club is currently a subsidiary company 75% owned by Blackcourt League Investments which is , in turn , 50% owned by the actor Russell Crowe and 50% owned by James Packer 's Consolidated Press Holdings ; the other 25% is owned by the financial Members of the club . The Rabbitohs ' traditional heartland covers the once typically working-class suburbs of inner-south Sydney now generally occupied by factories . The club is based in Redfern , where the club 's administration and training facilities are located , however they have long held a wide supporter base spread all over New South Wales . The team 's home ground is currently Stadium Australia in Sydney Olympic Park . In the New South Wales Rugby League ( 1908-1994 ) , Australian Rugby League ( 1995-1997 ) , and National Rugby League ( 1998-1999 , 2002-present ) competitions South Sydney are the most successful professional team in the history of Australian rugby league in terms of total championships won , having claimed 21 first grade premierships . In addition to winning the most premierships , the Rabbitohs also hold the distinction of being the only club to win a premiership in their inaugural season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crush_Radio", "text": "The University of Hertfordshire ( UOH ) is a public university in Hertfordshire , United Kingdom . The university is based largely in Hatfield , Hertfordshire . Its antecedent institution , Hatfield Technical College , was founded in 1948 and was identified as one of 25 Colleges of Technology in the United Kingdom in 1959 . In 1992 , Hatfield Polytechnic was granted university status by the British government and subsequently renamed University of Hertfordshire . It is one of the post-1992 universities . Hertfordshire has two campuses based in College Lane and de Havilland . With over 25,130 students , including more than 5,200 international students that together represent 100 countries , Hertfordshire has a global alumni of over 1,650 The university is one of Hertfordshire 's largest employers with over 2,700 staff , 812 of which are academic members of staff . It has a turnover of more than £235 million . The university has 11 schools : Hertfordshire Business School , Computer Science , Creative Arts , Education , Engineering and Technology , Health and Social Work , Humanities ( which oversees its CATS programme ) , Hertfordshire Law School , Life and Medical Sciences , Physics , Astronomy and Mathematics and Hertfordshire Higher Education Consortium . The university 's School of Pharmacy is granted full Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain accreditation . Hertfordshire was ranked 101-150 in the Times Higher Education World Young University Rankings 2018 , a global ranking of universities under 50 years old . It was awarded the Entrepreneurial University of the Year by Times Higher Education in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland_at_the_1980_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Switzerland competed at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indeevar", "text": "Shyamalal Babu Rai , known professionally as Indeevar , ( credited as Indiwar , Indeewar , Indivar , or Indiver ) ( 1 January 1924 - 27 February 1997 ) was one of the leading Hindi film lyricists in the 1960s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Callao", "text": "Callao ( /kɑːˈjɑːoʊ/ ; [ kaˈʎa.o , -ˈʝa- ] ) is a seaside city on the Pacific Ocean in the Lima metropolitan area . Callao is Peru 's chief seaport and home to its main airport , Jorge Chávez International Airport . Callao municipality consists of the whole Callao Region , which is also coterminous with the Province of Callao . Founded in 1537 by the Spanish , the city has a long naval history as one of the main ports in Latin America and the Pacific , as it was one of vital Spanish towns during the colonial era . Central Callao is about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) west of the Historic Centre of Lima ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Krešimir_Ćosić", "text": "Krešimir Krešo Ćosić ( Croatian pronunciation : [ krěʃimir t͡ɕɔ̌ːsit͡ɕ ] ; 26 November 1948 - 25 May 1995 ) was a Croatian professional basketball player and coach . He was a collegiate All-American at Brigham Young University . In 1996 , Ćosić became only the second international player ever elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame . He was also an inaugural member of the FIBA Hall of Fame . The Croatian Basketball Cup , and KK Zadar 's home arena , are named after him . Ćosić was a notable church leader and missionary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , as well as the deputy ambassador of Croatia to the U.S. , in Washington , D.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golf", "text": "Golf is a club-and-ball sport in which players use various clubs to hit balls into a series of holes on a course in as few strokes as possible . Golf , unlike most ball games , can not and does not utilize a standardized playing area , and coping with the varied terrains encountered on different courses is a key part of the game . The game at the usual level is played on a course with an arranged progression of 18 holes , though recreational courses can be smaller , often having nine holes . Each hole on the course must contain a tee box to start from , and a putting green containing the actual hole or cup 4 1⁄4 inches ( 11 cm ) in diameter . There are other standard forms of terrain in between , such as the fairway , rough ( long grass ) , bunkers ( or sand traps ) , and various hazards ( water , rocks ) but each hole on a course is unique in its specific layout and arrangement . Golf is played for the lowest number of strokes by an individual , known as stroke play , or the lowest score on the most individual holes in a complete round by an individual or team , known as match play . Stroke play is the most commonly seen format at all levels , but most especially at the elite level . The modern game of golf originated in 15th century Scotland . The 18-hole round was created at the Old Course at St Andrews in 1764 . Golf 's first major , and the world 's oldest tournament in existence , is The Open Championship , also known as the British Open , which was first played in 1860 in Ayrshire , Scotland . This is one of the four major championships in men 's professional golf , the other three being played in the United States : The Masters , the U.S. Open , and the PGA Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Relyea", "text": "John Relyea ( born 1972 in Toronto ) is a Canadian bass-baritone opera singer and winner of the 2003 Richard Tucker Award . He was born in 1972 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , to Gary Relyea , one of Canada 's well-known opera singers , and a native Estonian Anna Tamm-Relyea , also a professional singer . John Relyea is a 1998 graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia . He studied with his father , with renowned opera bass Jerome Hines , and with bass-baritone Edward Zambara . John Relyea has performed with major symphony companies across the country , such as the New York Philharmonic , Santa Fe Opera , Seattle Opera and the Metropolitan Opera in addition to the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra . His roles include Figaro in Le Nozze di Figaro , the four villains in The Tales of Hoffmann , Raimondo in Lucia di Lammermoor , Giorgio in I Puritani , Escamillo in Carmen , Don Basilio in Il barbiere di Siviglia , Colline in La Bohème , Marke in Tristan und Isolde , Caspar in Der Freischütz , Banquo in Macbeth , Collatinus in The Rape of Lucretia , Garibaldo in Rodelinda , Publio in La Clemenza di Tito , Mephistopheles in La damnation de Faust , and Gessler in Guillaume Tell , and appears on the Metropolitan Opera 's DVD presentations of Don Giovanni and Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg , both released by Deutsche Grammophon . John Relyea is married with two sons . He resides in Rhode Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Berlin_File", "text": "The Berlin File ( Korean : 베를린 ; RR : Bereullin ; lit . Berlin ) is a 2013 South Korean action thriller film written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan . Ha Jung-woo stars as a North Korean agent in Berlin who is betrayed and cut loose when a weapons deal is exposed . Together with his wife , a translator at the North Korean embassy in Berlin played by Jun Ji-hyun , they try to escape being purged , with Ryoo Seung-bum and Han Suk-kyu playing North and South Korean operatives on their trail ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cardiff", "text": "Cardiff ( Welsh : Caerdydd [ kairˈdiːð , kaːɨrˈdɨːð ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of Wales and its largest city . The eleventh-largest city in the United Kingdom , it is Wales ' chief commercial centre , the base for most national cultural institutions and Welsh media , and the seat of the National Assembly for Wales . At the 2011 census , the unitary authority area population was estimated to be 346,090 , and the wider urban area 479,000 . Cardiff is a significant tourist centre and the most popular visitor destination in Wales with 21.3 million visitors in 2017 . In 2011 , Cardiff was ranked sixth in the world in National Geographic 's alternative tourist destinations . Cardiff is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan , and in 1974 , South Glamorgan . Cardiff is part of the Eurocities network of the largest European cities . A small town until the early 19th century , its prominence as a major port for the transport of coal following the arrival of industry in the region contributed to its rise as a major city . In 1905 , Cardiff was made a city and proclaimed the capital of Wales in 1955 . At the 2011 Census the population was 346,090 . The Cardiff Built-up Area covers a slightly larger area outside the county boundary and includes the towns of Dinas Powys and Penarth . Since the 1980s , Cardiff has seen significant development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miroslav_Latiak", "text": "Miroslav Latiak ( born 19 March 1981 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays as a forward for MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš of the Slovak Slovak 2. liga . Prior to joining Geylang United , Latiak most notably played for MFK Ružomberok in his native Slovakia . However , he shuffled between the Corgoň Liga ( Slovak Superliga ) team and the 2. slovenská futbalová liga ( Slovak Second Division ) team . On 20 April 2008 , Latiak opened his S-League scoring accounts with a brace as he helped his side to a 2-1 win over Woodlands Wellington at the Woodlands Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/T.U.F.F._Puppy", "text": "T.U.F.F . Puppy is an American action animated comedy television series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon . It premiered on October 2 , 2010 at 11:00 a.m. , on Nickelodeon along with Planet Sheen , which premiered an hour earlier . T.U.F.F . Puppy is Butch Hartman 's third animated series for Nickelodeon , after The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom . The series was cancelled after its 3rd season and aired its final episode on April 4 , 2015 . In early 2011 , the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on May 13 , 2012 . The first two seasons consist of 26 episodes each , and the third season consisted of eight episodes , for a total of 60 episodes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boa_Esporte_Clube", "text": "Boa Esporte Clube , commonly known as just Boa Esporte or Boa , is a Brazilian football club from Varginha , Minas Gerais state . The club was formerly known as Ituiutaba Esporte Clube ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Itanagar", "text": "Itanagar ( /ˌiːˈtɑːnəɡər/ ; pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is the capital of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh . The seat of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly , the seat of government of Arunachal Pradesh and the seat of Gauhati High Court permanent bench at Naharlagun are all in Itanagar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detective_Comics", "text": "Detective Comics is an American comic book series published by DC Comics . The first volume , published from 1937 to 2011 ( and later continued in 2016 ) , is best known for introducing the superhero Batman in Detective Comics # 27 ( cover-dated May 1939 ) . A second series of the same title was launched in the fall of 2011 , but in 2016 reverted to the original volume numbering . The series is the source of its publishing company 's name , and - along with Action Comics , the series that launched with the debut of Superman - one of the medium 's signature series . The series published 881 issues between 1937 and 2011 and is the longest continuously published comic book in the United States . [ Note 1 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Empalme_Canton", "text": "El Empalme Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of El Empalme . Its population at the 2001 census was 64,789 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Bayda',_Yemen", "text": "Al Bayda ( Arabic : ٱلْبَيْضَاء , romanized : Al-Bayḍāʾ , not to be mixed with Al-Bayda ' in Al-Jawf , the ancient Nashaq ) , also transliterated as Baida , Al-Baidhah or Beida , is a town in the Governorate of Al-Bayda ' in Yemen . It is located 130 miles ( 210 kilometres ) SE of San ' a ' . Rada ' ( Arabic : رَدَاع , romanized : Radāʿ ) is the present capital of Governorate of Al Bayda ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexander_Baron", "text": "Alexander Baron ( ( 1917-12-04 ) 4 December 1917 - ( 1999-12-06 ) 6 December 1999 ) was a British author and screenwriter . He is best known for his highly acclaimed novel about D-Day , From the City , from The Plough ( 1948 ) , and his London novel The Lowlife ( 1963 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1948_Winter_Olympics", "text": "At the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz , Switzerland , the six alpine skiing events were held on Piz Nair from Monday , 2 February to Thursday , 5 February 1948 . After these games , the giant slalom was added and the combined event was dropped as an Olympic medal event for four decades , until 1988 . From 1956 through 1980 , the combined continued as an FIS medal event for the concurrent World Championships , using the results from three events , conducted as a paper race . Henri Oreiller of France earned a medal in all three events , with two golds and a bronze . Trude Beiser of Austria and Gretchen Fraser of the United States both won two medals , a gold and a silver each . The first Olympics after World War II did not invite Germany or Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bernard_Valcourt", "text": "Bernard Valcourt , PC QC ( born February 18 , 1952 ) is a Canadian politician and lawyer , who served as Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Madawaska - Restigouche , New Brunswick until he was defeated in the 2015 federal election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malmö_IP", "text": "Malmö Idrottsplats ( Malmö sports field ) , commonly referred to simply as Malmö IP and sometimes as Gamla IP ( The old sports field ) , is a stadium in Malmö , Sweden , that is primarily used for association football . As of 2015 , it is the home of women 's association football club FC Rosengård , currently playing in Damallsvenskan ; the men 's clubs Malmö FF and IFK Malmö have played there in the past . The stadium is the third largest in Malmö behind Malmö Stadion and Stadion , the current home grounds of IFK Malmö and Malmö FF respectively . The Sweden national football team has played at Malmö IP twice , in 1929 and 1949 . The stadium 's capacity has changed throughout the years with various redevelopments and renovations ; it is today 7,600 , but was historically much higher . The record attendance at the ground was set on 1 June 1956 when 22,436 people attended an Allsvenskan match between Malmö FF and Helsingborgs IF . The stadium was built as a multi-purpose sports field between March and July 1896 with a grand opening on 4 July 1896 . IFK Malmö took up residence at the ground in 1903 , with Malmö FF also doing so seven years later ; both remained until 1958 , when they moved to Malmö Stadion , which had just been built for the 1958 FIFA World Cup . Extensive redevelopment and restoration was carried out between 1978 and 1980 , and in 1999 ; the two Malmö clubs returned following this latter renovation , but Malmö FF went back to Malmö Stadion after a single season . The laying of artificial turf before the 2008 season led IFK to return to Malmö Stadion in protest . The stadium is located on the northern side of Malmö 's largest park , Pildammsparken , with Malmö Stadion and Stadion both to the park 's south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wick,_Caithness", "text": "Wick ( , ) is a town and royal burgh in Caithness , in the far north of Scotland . The town straddles the River Wick and extends along both sides of Wick Bay . Wick Locality had a population of 6,954 at the time of the 2011 census , a decrease of 3.8% from 2001 . Pulteneytown , which was developed on the south side of the river by the British Fisheries Society during the 19th century , was officially merged into the burgh in 1902 . The town is on the main road ( the A99-A9 road ) linking John o ' Groats with southern Britain . The Far North railway line links Wick railway station with southern Scotland and with Thurso , the other burgh of Caithness . Wick Airport is on Wick 's northern outskirts . The airport has two usable runways . A third is derelict . The main offices of The John O'Groat Journal and The Caithness Courier are located in Wick , as are Caithness General Hospital ( run by NHS Highland ) , the Wick Carnegie Library and local offices of the Highland Council . Wick Sheriff Court is one of 16 sheriff courts serving the sheriffdom of Grampian , Highland and Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ILE_(singer)", "text": "Ileana Mercedes Cabra Joglar ( born April 28 , 1989 ) , better known by the nickname iLe , is a Puerto Rican singer , composer and vocalist . She began her musical career as a teenager as the sole female singer of Calle 13 , a group she took part in for 10 years alongside her brothers René Pérez Joglar ( Residente ) and Eduardo Cabra Martínez ( Visitante ) . Her first solo production , entitled 'iLevitable ' and launched in June 2016 , won a Grammy in the category Best Latin Rock , Urban or Alternative Album in 2017 , and for it iLe was also nominated for the Latin Grammy Awards as Best New Artist . Throughout her young career , iLe has captivated the international press , with shows in Puerto Rico , the United States and Europe . She has recently released her new song 'Hate ' , which will be part of her second solo album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London_Philharmonic_Orchestra", "text": "The London Philharmonic Orchestra ( LPO ) is a British orchestra and one of five permanent symphony orchestras based in London [ clarification needed ] . It was founded by the conductors Sir Thomas Beecham and Malcolm Sargent in 1932 as a rival to the existing London Symphony Orchestra and BBC Symphony Orchestra . The founders ' ambition was to build an orchestra the equal of any European or American rival . Between 1932 and the Second World War the LPO was widely judged to have succeeded in this regard . After the outbreak of war , the orchestra 's private backers withdrew and the players reconstituted the LPO as a self-governing cooperative . In the post-war years , the orchestra faced challenges from two new rivals ; the Philharmonia and the Royal Philharmonic , founded respectively in 1946 and 1947 , achieved a quality of playing not matched by the older orchestras , including the LPO . By the 1960s the LPO had regained its earlier standards , and in 1964 it secured a valuable engagement to play in the Glyndebourne Festival opera house during the summer months . In 1993 it was appointed resident orchestra of the Royal Festival Hall on the south bank of the Thames , one of London 's major concert venues . Since 1995 the residency has been jointly held with the Philharmonia . In addition to its work at the Festival Hall and Glyndebourne , the LPO performs regularly at the Congress Theatre , Eastbourne and the Brighton Dome , and tours nationally and internationally . Since Beecham , the orchestra has had ten principal conductors , including Sir Adrian Boult , Bernard Haitink , Sir Georg Solti , Klaus Tennstedt and Vladimir Jurowski . The orchestra has been active in recording studios since its earliest days , and has played on hundreds of sets made by EMI , Decca and other companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_Torres_Ramírez", "text": "José Pito Torres Ramírez is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) . He has been a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives since 2009 representing District 27 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minister_of_Finance_(Egypt)", "text": "This is an incomplete list of finance ministers of Egypt . Each minister 's name is followed by the date when he took office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2016_knockout_phase", "text": "The knockout phase of UEFA Euro 2016 began on 25 June 2016 and ended on 10 July 2016 with the final in Saint-Denis , France , near Paris . All times listed are Central European Summer Time ( UTC+2 )"}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_horses", "text": "Twelve U.S. states have designated a horse breed as the official state horse . The first state horse was designated in Vermont in 1961 . The most recent state designations occurred in 2010 , when North Carolina and South Carolina both declared state breeds . There have been proposals to designate a state horse in Oregon as well as in Arizona ( where an ongoing campaign sought to designate the Colonial Spanish Horse as the state horse prior to the state centennial in 2012 ) , but neither proposal is yet successful . In one state , North Dakota , the state horse is officially designated the honorary state equine . Two additional states have not designated a specific state horse , but have designed a horse or horse breed as its official state animals : the horse in New Jersey and the Morgan horse breed in Vermont . Some breeds , such as the American Quarter Horse in Texas and the Morgan horse in Vermont and Massachusetts , were named as the state horse because of the close connection between the history of the breed and the state . Others , including the Tennessee Walking Horse and the Missouri Fox Trotter , include the state in the official breed name . School children have been persuasive lobbyists for the cause of some state horses , such as the Colonial Spanish Horse being named the state horse of North Carolina due to the presence of the Spanish-descended Banker horses in the Outer Banks , while others have been brought to official status through the lobbying efforts of their breed registries . Official state horses are one of many state symbols officially designated by states . Each state has its own flag and state seal , and many states also designate other symbols , including animals , plants , and foods . Such items usually are designated because of their ties to the culture or history of that particular state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle_Sounders_FC", "text": "Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle , Washington . The Sounders compete as a member of the Western Conference of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) . The club was established on November 13 , 2007 , and began play in 2009 as an MLS expansion team . The Sounders are a phoenix club , carrying the same name as the original franchise that competed in the North American Soccer League from 1974 to 1983 . The club 's majority owner is Adrian Hanauer , and its minority owners are the estate of Paul Allen , Drew Carey , and 11 families from the Seattle area . Former USL Sounders coach and assistant coach Brian Schmetzer took over as head coach in July 2016 after the departure of Sigi Schmid . The Sounders play their home league matches at CenturyLink Field , with a reduced capacity of 37,722 seats for most matches . Along with several organized groups , a 53-member marching band called 'Sound Wave ' supports the club at each home match . Seattle competes with rival MLS clubs Portland and Vancouver for the Cascadia Cup . The Sounders played their inaugural match on March 19 , 2009 , winning 3-0 over the New York Red Bulls . Seattle has been among the league 's most successful teams , winning the U.S. Open Cup four times , the Supporters ' Shield in 2014 , and the MLS Cup in 2016 and 2019 . The team has qualified for the MLS Cup Playoffs in each of its eleven seasons , making the final three times , and competed in the CONCACAF Champions League five times , advancing to the semifinal round once ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Foxtrot", "text": "The foxtrot is a smooth , progressive dance characterized by long , continuous flowing movements across the dance floor . It is danced to big band ( usually vocal ) music . The dance is similar in its look to waltz , although the rhythm is in a 44 time signature instead of 34 . Developed in the 1910s , the foxtrot reached its height of popularity in the 1930s and remains practiced today ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2013 AFC Cup was the 10th edition of the AFC Cup , a football competition organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) for clubs from developing countries in Asia . In an all-Kuwait final , defending champions Al-Kuwait defeated Al-Qadsia 2-0 to win their third AFC Cup title in five years , and became the first team to win the AFC Cup three times . Both finalists also qualified for the 2014 AFC Champions League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Reckoning_(2003_film)", "text": "The Reckoning , also known as Morality Play ( and as El misterio de Wells in Spain ) , is a 2003 British-Spanish murder mystery drama film directed by Paul McGuigan and starring Paul Bettany , Willem Dafoe , Tom Hardy , Gina McKee , Brian Cox and Vincent Cassel . It was written by Mark Mills and based on the 1995 novel Morality Play by Barry Unsworth . Filming was done on location in Spain , Wales , and England . The story , which is set during the medieval period in England , alludes to the evolution of the theatre arts from what was strictly Biblical morality plays in the period to dramas based on real or extra-Biblical fictional subjects ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dilemma", "text": "The Dilemma is a 2011 American dark comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Allan Loeb and starring Vince Vaughn and Kevin James . The film follows savvy businessman Ronny ( Vaughn ) and genius engineer Nick ( James ) who are best friends and partners in an auto design firm . They are pursuing a project to make their firm famous . Ronny sees Nick 's wife Geneva ( Winona Ryder ) kissing another man ( Channing Tatum ) . Ronny seeks out answers and has to figure out how to tell Nick about what he saw while working with him to complete their critical presentation . It was filmed entirely in Chicago , Illinois . The Dilemma was released by Universal Pictures in the United States and Canada on January 14 , 2011 , to poor reviews and performed poorly at the box office , failing to recoup its $ 70 million production budget ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008–09_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2008-09 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 10 , 2008 , and ended with the 2009 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament 's championship game on April 6 , 2009 , at Ford Field in Detroit , Michigan . The season saw six different teams achieve the AP # 1 ranking during the year ( just one shy of the NCAA record ) . Oklahoma sophomore Blake Griffin was the dominant individual performer , sweeping National Player of the Year honors . The season began with North Carolina becoming the first unanimous preseason # 1 team , and ended with the Tar Heels dominating the NCAA tournament en route to their fifth NCAA title . UNC won its six NCAA tournament games by double digits , and by an average of 19.8 points per game . Junior Wayne Ellington was named Final Four Most Outstanding Player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Decatur,_Illinois", "text": "Decatur /dəˈkeɪtər/ is the largest city and the county seat of Macon County in the U.S. state of Illinois , with a population of 76,122 as of the 2010 Census . The city was founded in 1829 and is situated along the Sangamon River and Lake Decatur in Central Illinois . Decatur 's estimated population for 2018 was 71,290 . Decatur is the thirteenth-most populous city in Illinois , and the state 's sixth-most populous city outside the Chicago metropolitan area . Decatur is listed on USA Today as number 7 nationally on Americas fastest shrinking cities which showed a 5.5% population loss of ( -6,072 ) from 2010 to 2018 with loss of 584 full time jobs . The city is home of private Millikin University and public Richland Community College . Decatur has an economy based on industrial and agricultural commodity processing and production , including the North American headquarters of agricultural conglomerate Archer Daniels Midland , international agribusiness Tate & Lyle 's largest corn-processing plant , and the designing and manufacturing facilities for Caterpillar Inc. 's wheel-tractor scrapers , compactors , large wheel loaders , mining class motor grader , off-highway trucks , and large mining trucks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kentucky's_12th_congressional_district", "text": "United States House of Representatives , Kentucky District 12 was a district of the United States Congress in Kentucky . It was lost to redistricting in 1843 . Its last Representative was Garrett Davis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_State_Panthers", "text": "The Georgia State Panthers represent the NCAA Division I sports teams of Georgia State University . GSU 's teams ( except beach volleyball , which competes in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association ) are members of the Sun Belt Conference , a conference of which they were a charter member . Previously , GSU was a member of the CAA , and prior to that , the Atlantic Sun Conference ( then known as the Trans America Athletic Conference , or TAAC ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils_baseball", "text": "The Arizona State Sun Devils baseball program at the Arizona State University ( ASU ) is part of the Pac-12 Conference . Since it became a member of the Pac-12 , it had the highest winning percentage , at .681 , of all schools that participate in Division I baseball within the conference . ASU 's NCAA leading 54 consecutive 30 win seasons was the longest streak in the nation . The Sun Devils ' only losing seasons occurred in 1963 , 2017 , & 2018 The Sun Devils had been nationally ranked during at least a part of every season of their 58-year history until 2017 . The Sun Devils have finished 27 times in the Top 10 , 22 times in the Top 5 , and 5 times as the No . 1 team in the nation . ASU is one of the most successful college baseball programs in the country . The Sun Devils have won five national championships , the fourth-most by any school , and are 1st in total number of alumni to ever play in Major League Baseball . Notable Sun Devil baseball alumni include Barry Bonds , Reggie Jackson , Sal Bando , Dustin Pedroia , Andre Ethier , Bob Horner , Paul Lo Duca , and Rick Monday ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_de_Béisbol_Hermanos_Serdán", "text": "Estadio Hermanos Serdán ( English : Brothers Serdán Stadium ) is a stadium in Puebla , Mexico . It is primarily used for baseball , and is the home field of the Pericos de Puebla Mexican League baseball team . It holds 12,112 people . It is named to honor the Serdán brothers , among them was Aquiles Serdán , who were Puebla politicians who died in 1910 in Puebla at the start of the Mexican revolution . Home of Pericos de Puebla Mexican League baseball team since 1973 , also when the club was known as Angeles Negros and Angeles de Puebla and recently it has been the home of Tigres de la Angelópolis from 2002 to 2006 , when they left the city of Puebla to move to Cancún , Quintana Roo . The stadium was inaugurated on June 16 , 1973 with the first ball thrown by the governor of the city at that time Guillermo Morales Blumenkron , accompanied by the commissioner of the league Alejo Peralta . In that first game Pericos de Puebla defeated Piratas de Sabinas 6-0 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governor_of_Massachusetts", "text": "The governor of Massachusetts , officially the governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the chief executive of the Government of Massachusetts and serves as commander-in-chief of the commonwealth 's military forces . Massachusetts has a republican system of government , akin to a presidential system , where the governor acts as the head of government while having a distinct role from that of the legislative branch . The governor has far reaching political obligations ranging from ceremonial to political . While being the chief representative of Massachusetts as a US State , the governor also is in charge of the cabinet , signs bills into law , and has veto power . The governor is also a member of the Massachusetts Governor 's Council , a popularly elected council with eight members who provide advice and consent on certain legal matters and appointments . Beginning with the Massachusetts Bay Company in 1629 , the role of Governor has changed throughout its history in terms of powers and selection . The modern form of the position was created in the 1780 constitution , which called for the position of a supreme executive magistrate . Governors are elected every four years during state elections on the first Tuesday of November after the 1st , the most recent being in 2018 . Elected governors are then inaugurated on the first Thursday of the following January after the 1st . The current governor is Charlie Baker ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austin,_Texas", "text": "Austin ( UK : /ˈɒstɪn , ˈɔːstɪn/ , US : /ˈɔːstən/ ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Texas , as well as the seat and largest city of Travis County , with portions extending into Hays and Williamson counties . It is the 11th-most populous city in the United States , the fourth-most-populous city in Texas , and the second-most-populous state capital city ( after Phoenix , Arizona ) . It is also the fastest growing large city in the United States and the southernmost state capital in the contiguous United States . As of the U.S. Census Bureau 's July 1 , 2018 estimate , Austin had a population of 964,254 , up from 790,491 at the 2010 census . The city is the cultural and economic center of the Austin-Round Rock metropolitan statistical area , which had an estimated population of 2,168,316 as of July 1 , 2018 [ update ] . Located in Central Texas within the greater Texas Hill Country , it is home to numerous lakes , rivers , and waterways , including Lady Bird Lake and Lake Travis on the Colorado River , Barton Springs , McKinney Falls , and Lake Walter E. Long . U.S. News & World Report named Austin the No . 1 place to live in the U.S. for 2017 and 2018 . In 2016 , Forbes ranked Austin No . 1 on its Cities of the Future list , then in 2017 placed the city at that same position on its list for the Next Biggest Boom Town in the U.S. Also in 2017 , Forbes awarded the South River City neighborhood of Austin its # 2 ranking for Best Cities and Neighborhoods for Millennials . WalletHub named Austin the # 6 best place in the country to live for 2017 . The FBI ranked Austin as the # 2 safest major city in the U.S. for 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dietrich_Fischer-Dieskau", "text": "Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau ( 28 May 1925 - 18 May 2012 ) was a German lyric baritone and conductor of classical music , one of the most famous Lieder ( art song ) performers of the post-war period , best known as a singer of Franz Schubert 's Lieder , particularly Winterreise of which his recordings with accompanist Gerald Moore and Jörg Demus are still critically acclaimed half a century after their release . Recording an array of repertoire ( spanning centuries ) as musicologist Alan Blyth asserted , No singer in our time , or probably any other has managed the range and versatility of repertory achieved by Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau . Opera , Lieder and oratorio in German , Italian or English came alike to him , yet he brought to each a precision and individuality that bespoke his perceptive insights into the idiom at hand . In addition , he recorded in French , Russian , Hebrew , Latin and Hungarian . He was described as one of the supreme vocal artists of the 20th century and the most influential singer of the 20th Century . Fischer-Dieskau was ranked the second greatest singer of the century ( after Jussi Björling ) by Classic CD ( United Kingdom ) Top Singers of the Century Critics ' Poll ( June 1999 ) . The French dubbed him Le miracle Fischer-Dieskau and Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf called him a born god who has it all . At his peak , he was greatly admired for his interpretive insights and exceptional control of his soft , beautiful instrument . Despite the small size of his lyric/chamber baritone voice , Fischer-Dieskau also performed and recorded a great many operatic roles . He dominated both the opera and concert platform for over thirty years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orono,_Maine", "text": "Orono ( /ˈɒrənoʊ/ ) is a town in Penobscot County , Maine , United States . Located on the Penobscot and Stillwater rivers , it was first settled by British-American colonists in 1774 . They named it in honor of Chief Joseph Orono , a sachem of the indigenous Penobscot nation who long occupied this territory . In the nineteenth century , the town became a center of the lumber industry . Sawmills on the rivers were powered by the water , and logs were floated downriver on the Penobscot for shipping and export from coastal ports . Since 1865 it has been the location of the University of Maine , established as a land-grant institution and the state 's flagship educational institution . In the fall of 2018 , the university enrolled 11,404 students at Orono . Not including university residents , the town 's population was 10,362 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012–13_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2012-13 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began in November with the 2K Sports Classic and ended with the Final Four in Atlanta , April 6-8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Sharbinee_Allawee_Ramli", "text": "Mohd Sharbinee Allawee bin Ramli ( born 7 December 1986 ) is a Malaysian footballer who last plays as a goalkeeper for Kuala Lumpur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kaiser_Company", "text": "The Kaiser Shipyards were seven major shipbuilding yards located on the United States west coast during World War II . Kaiser ranked 20th among U.S. corporations in the value of wartime production contracts . The shipyards were owned by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company , a creation of American industrialist Henry J. Kaiser ( 1882-1967 ) , who established the shipbuilding company around 1939 in order to help meet the construction goals set by the United States Maritime Commission for merchant shipping . Four of the Kaiser Shipyards were located in Richmond , California , and were called the Richmond Shipyards . Three other shipyards were located in the Pacific Northwest along the Columbia and Willamette rivers : the Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation and the Swan Island Shipyard in Portland , Oregon , and the Vancouver Shipyard in Vancouver , Washington . Henry Kaiser was known for developing new methods of ship building , which allowed his yards to outproduce other similar facilities and build 1,490 ships , 27 percent of the total Maritime Commission construction . Kaiser 's ships were completed in two-thirds the time and a quarter the cost of the average of all other shipyards . Liberty ships were typically assembled in a little over two weeks , and one in less than five days . Kaiser Shipyards shut down at the end of the war . The Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park was dedicated October 25 , 2000 on the site of one of the shipyards in Richmond ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ingo_Steuer", "text": "Ingo Steuer ( born 1 November 1966 ) is a German pair skater and skating coach . With Mandy Wötzel , he is the 1998 Olympic bronze medalist , the 1997 World champion , the 1995 European champion , and a four-time German national champion . As a coach , he led Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy of Germany to multiple world and European titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_Sower", "text": "The Parable of the Sower ( sometimes called the Parable of the Soils ) is a parable of Jesus found in the three Synoptic Gospels in Matthew 13:1-23 , Mark 4:1-20 , and Luke 8:4-15 . Speaking to a large crowd , Jesus tells of a farmer who sows seed and does so indiscriminately . Some seed falls on the path ( wayside ) with no soil , some on rocky ground with little soil , some on soil which contains thorns , and some on good soil . In the first three cases the seed is taken away or fails to produce a crop , but when it falls on good soil it grows , yielding thirty , sixty , or a hundredfold . Later , Jesus explains to his disciples that the seed represents the Gospel , the sower represents anyone who proclaims it , and the various soils represent people 's responses to it ( the first three representing rejection while the last one represents acceptance ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Reid", "text": "Peter Reid ( born 20 June 1956 ) is an English football manager , pundit and retired player . A defensive midfielder in his playing days , Reid enjoyed a long and successful career . He built his reputation as one of England 's brightest midfield talents of the time at Bolton Wanderers , before signing for Everton in 1982 . It was there that he enjoyed the most fruitful spell of his career , as he helped the club win domestic and European honours , including the Football League twice . He was voted as the PFA Players ' Player of the Year in 1985 and came fourth in the World Soccer Player of the Year award , behind Michel Platini , Preben Elkjær and Diego Maradona . He also received his first senior England call-up that year , and represented his country at the 1986 FIFA World Cup and 1988 UEFA European Championship . He won 13 caps in total . Reid joined Queens Park Rangers in 1989 , but moved on to Manchester City a year later to begin his managerial career . He spent three years at Maine Road as player-manager , and guided them to two fifth-place finishes in the First Division , the first of which saw them finish above their city rivals Manchester United . He was persuaded to resume his playing career after leaving Manchester City , and briefly played for Southampton , Notts County and Bury before returning to management with Sunderland in 1995 . He won promotion to the Premier League with the club on two occasions and achieved two seventh-place finishes in the top division . He combined his role at the Stadium of Light with the job as manager of the England U21 for a brief spell in 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turin", "text": "Turin ( /tjʊəˈrɪn , ˈtjʊərɪn/ tewr-IN , TEWR-in , Piedmontese : [ tyˈriŋ ] ( listen ) ; Italian : Torino [ toˈriːno ] ( listen ) ; Latin : Augusta Taurinorum , then Taurinum ) is a city and an important business and cultural centre in northern Italy . It is the capital city of Piedmont and of the Metropolitan City of Turin , and was the first Italian capital from 1861 to 1865 . The city is located mainly on the western bank of the Po River , in front of Susa Valley , and is surrounded by the western Alpine arch and Superga Hill . The population of the city proper is 875,698 ( 31 December 2018 ) while the population of the urban area is estimated by Eurostat to be 1.7 million inhabitants . The Turin metropolitan area is estimated by the OECD to have a population of 2.2 million . The city used to be a major European political centre . From 1563 , it was the capital of the Duchy of Savoy , then of the Kingdom of Sardinia ruled by the House of Savoy , and the first capital of the Kingdom of Italy from 1861 to 1865 . Turin is sometimes called the cradle of Italian liberty for having been the birthplace and home of notable individuals who contributed to the Risorgimento , such as Cavour . Even though much of its political significance and importance had been lost by World War II , Turin became a major European crossroad for industry , commerce and trade , and is part of the famous industrial triangle along with Milan and Genoa . Turin is ranked third in Italy , after Milan and Rome , for economic strength . With a GDP of $ 58 billion , Turin is the world 's 78th richest city by purchasing power . As of 2018 , the city has been ranked by GaWC as a Gamma World city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huánuco", "text": "Huánuco ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈwanuko ] ; Quechua : Wanuku ) is a city in central Peru . It had a population of 196,627 as of 2017 and in 2015 it had a population of 175,068 . It is the capital of the Huánuco Region and the Huánuco District . It is the seat of the diocese of Huánuco . The metropolitan city of Huanuco is 170,000 hab ( 2011 , urban pop , INEI ) . It has three districts , Huanuco ( head ) , Amarilis , and Pillco Marca . In this city , the Higueras river meets the Huallaga river , one of the largest rivers in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chile", "text": "Chile ( /ˈtʃɪli/ ( listen ) , /ˈtʃɪleɪ/ ; Spanish : [ ˈtʃile ] ) , [ nb 2 ] officially the Republic of Chile ( Spanish : República de Chile ( help·info ) ) , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres ( 480,000 sq mi ) of Antarctica under the Chilean Antarctic Territory . [ nb 3 ] , The arid Atacama Desert in northern Chile contains great mineral wealth , principally copper and lithium . The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources , and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions . Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands , and features a string of volcanoes and lakes . The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords , inlets , canals , twisting peninsulas , and islands . Spain conquered and colonized the region in the mid-16th century , replacing Inca rule in the north and centre , but failing to conquer the independent Mapuche who inhabited what is now south-central Chile . After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818 , Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic . In the 19th century , Chile saw significant economic and territorial growth , ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific ( 1879-83 ) after defeating Peru and Bolivia . In the 1960s and 1970s , the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K.V._Woluwe-Zaventem", "text": "K.V . Woluwe-Zaventem , mostly known as Woluwe-Zaventem is a Belgian football club located in the city of Zaventem . The club was founded in 1941 as Woluwe Sporting Club with matricule 3149 . In 1993 , the team merged with Wosjot Woluwe ( matricule 8836 , founded 1982 ) to form K.V . Wosjot Woluwe , with the matricule 8836 dissolving in the process . A last merger occurred in 2003 , when the team merged with K.V.K . Zaventem ( matricule 424 , founded 1921 and dissolved in the merger ) to form K.V . Woluwe-Zaventem ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mathematician", "text": "A mathematician is someone who uses an extensive knowledge of mathematics in their work , typically to solve mathematical problems . Mathematics is concerned with numbers , data , quantity , structure , space , models , and change ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denis_Scanlon", "text": "Denis Scanlon ( born 5 April 1954 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . Scanlon won North Hobart 's 'best and fairest ' award in 1973 and was a member of their 1974 premiership team . Although primarily a defender , Scanlon could also play as a ruckman and he was recruited to Essendon in 1976 for a record high transfer fee . From his debut mid-season , through the rest of the decade , he was a regular fixture in the side and made a finals appearance in 1979 . He represented Tasmania at the 1975 Knockout Carnival and 1980 Adelaide State of Origin Carnival . After completing a doctorate , Scanlon has worked as a medical researcher at the University of Melbourne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Hobart_Football_Club", "text": "The North Hobart Football Club , nicknamed The Demons , is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Tasmanian State League . The club returned to the state league in 2018 after its position was effectively filled by a new club , the Hobart City Football Club after the 2013 season . The club ( i.e . North Hobart ) was part of the Tasmanian Football League from the early 1900s through to 2001 , where the club joined Southern Football League . In 2009 , the club was invited into the second reincarnation of the statewide league where it remained until 2013 . In 2014 , the North Hobart Football Club Inc. changed from an incorporated body to a company limited with 100% ownership of the Hobart City Football Club , with the Hobart City Demons now the trading name of North Hobart Football Club Ltd. On October 9 , 2017 the paying members of the Hobart City Demons voted 371-118 in favour of returning the playing name of the club to the North Hobart identity for season 2018 and beyond . Players to reach Australian Football League level include Paul Williams , Peter 'Percy ' Jones , Daryn Cresswell , Chris Bond , James Manson , Jim Wright , Tony Pickett , Colin Garland and several other big names . In total 54 North Hobart players have moved on to play at VFL/AFL level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heartbeat_(British_TV_series)", "text": "Heartbeat is an English police drama series set in 1960s North Riding of Yorkshire based on the Constable series of novels written by ex-policeman Peter N Walker , under the pseudonym Nicholas Rhea , and broadcast on ITV in 18 series between 1992 and 2010 . It was made by ITV Studios ( formerly Yorkshire Television ) at the Leeds Studios and on location . Heartbeat first aired on Friday 10 April 1992 ( it was later moved to Sunday evenings ) . The 372nd and final episode aired on Sunday 12 September 2010 . Heartbeat proved popular from the beginning , when early series consistently drew over 10 million viewers . In 2001 , Heartbeat came sixth in the UK TV ratings list with a peak audience of 13.82 million , and it was sixth again in 2003 , with 12.8 million viewers . In autumn 2008 , typical viewing figures were around 6 million per episode . Originally conceived as a vehicle for Nick Berry , on whom early series centred , the show has seen many characters come and go over the years . Derek Fowlds and William Simons were the only main-cast actors who remained with the show over its entire 18-series run ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Feyenoord", "text": "Feyenoord Rotterdam ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈfɛiənoːrt ] ) is a Dutch professional football club in Rotterdam , that plays in the Eredivisie , the top tier in Dutch football . Founded as Wilhelmina in 1908 , the club changed to various names before settling on being called after its neighborhood in 1912 as SC Feijenoord , updated in 1974 to SC Feyenoord , and then to Feyenoord Rotterdam in 1978 , when it split from the amateur club under its wing , SC Feyenoord . Since 1937 , Feyenoord 's home ground has been the Stadion Feijenoord , nicknamed De Kuip ( 'the tub ' ) , one of the largest stadiums in the Netherlands and Europe . Feyenoord is one of the most successful clubs in Dutch football , winning 15 Eredivisie titles , 13 KNVB Cups , and 4 Johan Cruyff Shields . Internationally , it has won one European Cup , two UEFA Cups , and one Intercontinental Cup . The club has played continuously in the top tier of the Dutch football system since gaining promotion to Eerste Klasse ( the Eredivisie 's forerunner competition ) in 1921 , more times than any other club in the country , including the likes of Ajax and PSV Eindhoven . Feyenoord is known as a people 's club with a huge national and international support . Its most successful period was the 1960s and 1970s , when Coen Moulijn and Ove Kindvall led the club to six league titles , two European trophies , and an Intercontinental Cup , thereby becoming the first Dutch club in history to win both the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup . In the 21st century , Feyenoord ended an 18-year league title drought in 2017 and won the 2002 UEFA Cup against Borussia Dortmund in its home stadium . Feyenoord has a longstanding rivalry with Ajax , a clash between two teams from the two biggest cities in the Netherlands , called De Klassieker ( The Classic ) . The club 's anthem is Hand in Hand . As of 2019 , Feyenoord will become a multi-sports club ; HC Feijenoord Field hockey , Sportclub Feyenoord ( amateur football team ) , and Feyenoord Basketbal are part of the club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Ezio_Scida", "text": "Stadio Ezio Scida is a football stadium in Crotone , Italy . It is currently the home of F.C . Crotone . The stadium holds 16,547 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paulista_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Paulista Futebol Clube , or Paulista as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football team from Jundiaí , in São Paulo , founded on 17 May 1909 . They play at the fourth tier of Brazilian football professional league . Home stadium is the Jayme Cintra stadium , capacity 15,000 . They play in black , white and red stripes , white shorts and socks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enrico_Prinot", "text": "Enrico Prinot was an Italian luger who competed during the 1960s . He won the gold medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1961 FIL World Luge Championships in Girenbad , Switzerland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kon-Tiki_(1950_film)", "text": "Kon-Tiki is a Norwegian-Swedish documentary film about the Kon-Tiki expedition led by Norwegian explorer and writer Thor Heyerdahl in 1947 , released in Sweden , Norway , Finland , and Denmark in 1950 , followed by the United States in 1951 . The movie , which was directed by Thor Heyerdahl and edited by Olle Nordemar , received the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for 1951 at the 24th Academy Awards . The Oscar officially went to Olle Nordemar . The Academy Film Archive preserved Kon-Tiki in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walton_Hall,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Walton Hall is a district in Milton Keynes , in the English county of Buckinghamshire , and is the location of the campus and offices of The Open University . The university campus covers 48 hectares and the first buildings were designed by Maxwell Fry and Jane Drew in 1969 . [ citation needed ] It is in the ancient ( and modern ) parish of Walton . The manor house ( Walton Hall ) that gives the district its name and the ancient parish church of St Michael , now deconsecrated , are in the university 's grounds . The village farm-lands are divided between Walton Hall , the modern Walton , Kents Hill and Walnut Tree . The manor house itself , built in 1830 in the Regency style for the Pinfold family , is home to the Vice-Chancellor 's offices of University . Walton Hall is on the banks of the Ouzel , a tributary of the Great Ouse , where a disused balancing lake has become naturalised and is home to reeds , bulrushes , reed warbler , reed bunting , water rail , sparrowhawk , kestrel , green woodpecker , grass snake and many varieties of odonata . Surrounding the reedbed are ponds and open water , ancient hedgerows and hay meadow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milton_Bryan", "text": "Milton Bryan is a village and civil parish located in Central Bedfordshire ( the spelling Milton Bryant was previously common and is still recognised by postal services ) . It lies just off the A4012 road , near to its junction with the A5 at Hockliffe . The parish includes the ancient hamlets of Potsgrove & Battlesden . The village is best known for being the birthplace of Joseph Paxton , the designer of the Crystal Palace , who was born in Milton Bryan as the seventh son [ citation needed ] of a farming family along with its role in the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Barin", "text": "Naval Outlying Field Barin ( IATA : NHX , ICAO : KNBJ , FAA LID : NBJ ) is a United States Navy airfield located in Foley , a city in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kimi_Räikkönen", "text": "Kimi-Matias Räikkönen ( Finnish pronunciation : [ ˈkimi ˈmɑtiɑs ˈræikːønen ] ; born 17 October 1979 ) , nicknamed Iceman , is a Finnish racing driver currently driving in Formula One for Alfa Romeo Racing . He won the 2007 Formula One World Championship in his first season at Scuderia Ferrari . After nine seasons racing in Formula One he left the sport to compete in the World Rally Championship in 2010 and 2011 , returning to Formula One from 2012 . In addition to this title , Räikkönen also finished second overall in 2003 and 2005 , and third in 2008 , 2012 and 2018 . Räikkönen has won 21 Grands Prix , making him the most successful Finnish driver in terms of Formula One race wins . He is the only driver to take a race win in the V10 , V8 and the hybrid V6 engine eras . Räikkönen entered Formula One as a regular driver for Sauber-Petronas in 2001 , having competed in only 23 car races previously . He joined McLaren-Mercedes in 2002 , and became a title contender by finishing runner-up in the championship to Michael Schumacher in 2003 , and Fernando Alonso in 2005 . Räikkönen 's seasons at McLaren were plagued by severe unreliability from his cars , prompting a move to Ferrari in 2007 . This change saw him crowned Formula One World Drivers ' Champion that season , pipping both McLaren drivers-Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso-to the title by just one point . In 2008 he equalled the record for the greatest number of fastest laps in a season for the second time . Räikkönen left both Scuderia Ferrari and the sport after the 2009 season , his sole victory that year having come in that season 's Belgian Grand Prix due to driving an uncompetitive Ferrari F60 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thun", "text": "Thun ( French : Thoune ) is a town and a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with about 43,783 inhabitants ( around 90,000 in the agglomeration ) , as of 31 December 2013 . It is located where the Aare flows out of Lake Thun ( Thunersee ) , 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) south of Bern . Besides tourism , machine and precision instrument engineering , the largest garrison in the country , the food industry , armaments and publishing are of economic importance to Thun . The official language of Thun is ( the Swiss variety of Standard ) German , but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunwolves", "text": "The Sunwolves ( Japanese : サンウルブズ ) - currently known as the HITO-Communications Sunwolves for sponsorship reasons - is a professional rugby union team and is Japan 's representative team in SANZAAR 's international Super Rugby competition . The team is based in Tokyo , Japan , but also plays some home matches in Singapore . They made their debut in Super Rugby in 2016 . In March 2019 , it was announced that 2020 would be the final season for the Sunwolves after failing to negotiate a contract due to financial considerations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kahramanmaraşspor", "text": "Kahramanmaraşspor is a Turkish professional football club based in Kahramanmaraş ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit", "text": "Detroit ( /dɪˈtrɔɪt/ , locally also /ˈdiːtrɔɪt/ ; French : Détroit , lit . 'strait ' ) is the largest and most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest U.S. city on the United States-Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County . The municipality of Detroit had a 2018 estimated population of 672,662 , making it the 23rd-most populous city in the United States . The metropolitan area , known as Metro Detroit , is home to 4.3 million people , making it the second-largest in the Midwest after the Chicago metropolitan area . Regarded as a major cultural center , Detroit is known for its contributions to music and as a repository for art , architecture and design . Detroit is a major port on the Detroit River , one of the four major straits that connect the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway . The Detroit Metropolitan Airport is among the most important hubs in the United States . The City of Detroit anchors the second-largest regional economy in the Midwest , behind Chicago and ahead of Minneapolis-Saint Paul , and the 13th-largest in the United States . Detroit and its neighboring Canadian city Windsor are connected through a highway tunnel , railway tunnel , and the Ambassador Bridge , which is the second busiest international crossing in North America , after San Diego-Tijuana . Detroit is best known as the center of the U.S. automobile industry , and the Big Three auto manufacturers General Motors , Ford , and Fiat Chrysler are all headquartered in Metro Detroit . In 1701 , Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac founded Fort Pontchartrain du Détroit , the future city of Detroit . During the 19th century , it became an important industrial hub at the center of the Great Lakes region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rosemary_Glyde", "text": "Rosemary Glyde ( September 15 , 1948 - January 18 , 1994 ) was an American violist and composer . Focusing on expanding the limited repertory for solo viola , she wrote and transcribed many works for that instrument , including Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Cello Sonata and Johann Sebastian Bach 's Cello Suites for viola . She founded the New York Viola Society in 1992 . Glyde was born in Auburn , Alabama in 1948 to Edgar Glyde , a violist on faculty at the Alabama Polytechnic Institute , and Dorothy Glyde , a cellist . Glyde was trained as soprano and violinist , studying under her father , a graduate of the Royal Academy of Music , from the age of four . While a student at Auburn High School , she was concert mistress of the Sewanee Summer Music Center Orchestra , studying with Julius Hegyi . Before her graduation from Auburn High in 1966 , she was offered a scholarship to The Hartt School to train under Raphael Bronstein , with whom she continued training at the Manhattan School of Music . She began her master 's work at the Juilliard School under Dorothy DeLay , but switched to viola and moved into the doctoral program studying with Lillian Fuchs . Glyde won the Juilliard Viola Competition in 1973 and , for her thesis , discovered , edited , and performed Johann Andreas Amon 's 1803 Quartet for Solo Viola and String Trio . She graduated with a Doctor in Musical Arts from the Juilliard School , a Master of Music from the Juilliard School and a Bachelor of Music from the Manhattan School of Music . After graduation , Glyde joined the Manhattan String Quartet with her sister , Judith , and Eric and Roy Lewis . Glyde arranged Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Cello Sonata in G minor and Johann Sebastian Bach 's Six Suites for Unaccompanied Cello and Sonatas for viola da gamba for viola , the latter two of which she performed and recorded ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leskovac", "text": "Leskovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лесковац , pronounced [ lě̞skɔ̝v̞at͡s ] ) is a city and the administrative center of the Jablanica District in southern Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the city urban area has 60,288 inhabitants , while the city administrative area has 144,206 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miriam_Hopkins", "text": "Ellen Miriam Hopkins ( October 18 , 1902 - October 9 , 1972 ) was an American actress known for her versatility . She first signed with Paramount Pictures in 1930 , working with Ernst Lubitsch and Joel McCrea , among many others . Her long-running feud with Bette Davis was publicized for effect . She later became a pioneer of TV drama , and was a distinguished Hollywood hostess who moved in intellectual and creative circles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lena_Katina", "text": "Elena Sergeevna Katina ( Russian : Елена Сергеевна Катина , born 4 October 1984 ) , better known as Lena Katina , is a Russian singer and songwriter who is best known for her work with Russian duo t.A.T.u . She started her career at the age of eight joining the Russian children 's act Avenue , and soon after that , joining Neposedi . In 1999 Ivan Shapovalov chose Lena Katina for his project , t.A.T.u. , as well as Julia Volkova . The duo would later become Russia 's most successful pop music act . The group produced several hits including All the Things She Said , Not Gon na Get Us and All About Us . Their first single All The Things She Said peaked at number one in 19 countries including the UK , Russia and Australia . In 2009 Katina began a solo career , which caused t.A.T.u . to go into a hiatus . In 2011 Katina and Volkova officially split to pursue solo careers . That year Katina released her first mainstream single Never Forget , which in 2011 reached No . 1 on the MTV Russia Top 10 and also won the MTV Russia - 2011 Video of the Year . The track also reached No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Software_industry", "text": "The software industry includes businesses for development , maintenance and publication of software that are using different business models , mainly either license/maintenance based ( on-premises ) or Cloud based ( such as SaaS , PaaS , IaaS , MaaS , AaaS , etc. ) . The industry also includes software services , such as training , documentation , consulting and data recovery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_José,_Costa_Rica", "text": "San José ( Spanish : [ saŋ xoˈse ] ; literally meaning Saint Joseph ) is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica , and the capital of the province of the same name . It is located in the centre of the country , specifically in the mid-west of the Central Valley , and contained within San José Canton . San José is the seat of national government , the focal point of political and economic activity , and the major transportation hub of Costa Rica . The population of San José Canton was 288,054 in 2011 , and San Josés municipal land area measures 44.2 square kilometers ( 17.2 square miles ) , with an estimated 333,980 residents in 2015 . Together with several other cantons of the central valley including Alajuela , Heredia and Cartago it forms the Greater Metropolitan Area of the country , with an estimated population of over 2 million in 2017 . The city is named in honor of Joseph of Nazareth . Founded in 1736 by order of Cabildo de León , the population of San José rose during the 18th century through the use of colonial planning . It has historically been a city of strategic importance , having been the capital of Costa Rica three times . More than 1 million people pass through the city on a daily basis . It is home to the Museo Nacional de Costa Rica , the National Theatre of Costa Rica , and La Sabana Metropolitan Park . The Juan Santamaría International Airport serves the city . San José is notable among Latin American cities for its high quality of life , as well as for its security , level of globalization , environmental performance , public service , and recognized institutions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ingemar_Erlandsson", "text": "Ingemar Erlandsson ( born 16 November 1957 ) is a former Swedish footballer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronda_Curtin", "text": "Ronda Curtin Engelhardt ( born November 2 , 1980 , in Roseville , Minnesota ) played for the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers ice hockey team . During her career , she was a finalist for the Patty Kazmaier Award , and she was selected to the Western Collegiate Hockey Association women 's team of the decade in the 2000s . After her playing career , she has coached for the University of St. Thomas and the Minnesota Whitecaps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bonnie_Raitt", "text": "Bonnie Lynn Raitt ( born November 8 , 1949 ) is an American blues singer , guitarist , songwriter , and activist . During the 1970s , Raitt released a series of roots-influenced albums that incorporated elements of blues , rock , folk and country . In 1989 , after several years of critical acclaim but little commercial success , she had a major hit with the album Nick of Time . The following two albums , Luck of the Draw ( 1991 ) and Longing in Their Hearts ( 1994 ) , were also multimillion sellers , generating several hit singles , including Something to Talk About , Love Sneakin ' Up on You , and the ballad I Ca n't Make You Love Me ( with Bruce Hornsby on piano ) . Raitt has received 10 Grammy Awards . She is listed as number 50 in Rolling Stone 's list of the 100 Greatest Singers of All Time and number 89 on the magazine 's list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time . Australian Country Music Artist Graeme Connors has said , Bonnie Raitt does something with a lyric no one else can do ; she bends it and twists it right into your heart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kronstadt", "text": "Kronstadt ( Russian : Кроншта́дт , romanized : Kronštádt [ krɐnˈʂtat ] ) , also spelled Kronshtadt , Cronstadt or Kronštádt ( from German : Krone for crown and Stadt for city ; Estonian : Kroonlinn ) is an early 18th-century foundation which became an important international centre of commerce whose trade role was eclipsed by the growth of its strategic significance in the ensuing centuries as the primary maritime defence outpost of the former Russian capital . It is now the port city in Kronshtadtsky District of the federal city of Saint Petersburg , Russia , located on Kotlin Island , 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) west of Saint Petersburg , near the head of the Gulf of Finland . It is linked to the former Russian capital by a combination levee-causeway-seagate , the St Petersburg Dam , part of the city 's flood defences , which also acts as road access to Kotlin island from the mainland . In March 1921 , the island city was the site of the Kronstadt rebellion . The main base of the Russian Baltic Fleet was located in Kronstadt , guarding the approaches to Saint Petersburg . The historic centre of the city and its fortifications are part of the World Heritage Site that is Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments . Kronstadt has been a place of pilgrimage for Orthodox Christians for many years due to the memory of Saint John of Kronstadt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist-Episcopal_Church", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church ( MEC ) was the oldest and largest Methodist denomination in the United States from its founding in 1784 until 1939 . It was also the first religious denomination in the US to organize itself on a national basis . In 1939 , the MEC reunited with two breakaway Methodist denominations ( the Methodist Protestant Church and the Methodist Episcopal Church , South ) to form the Methodist Church . In 1968 , the Methodist Church merged with the Evangelical United Brethren Church to form the United Methodist Church . The MEC 's origins lie in the First Great Awakening when Methodism emerged as an evangelical revival movement within the Church of England that stressed the necessity of being born again and the possibility of attaining Christian perfection . By the 1760s , Methodism had spread to the Thirteen Colonies , and Methodist societies were formed under the oversight of John Wesley . As in England , American Methodists remained affiliated with the Church of England , but this state of affairs became untenable after the American Revolution . In response , Wesley ordained the first Methodist elders for America in 1784 . Under the leadership of its first bishops , Thomas Coke and Francis Asbury , the Methodist Episcopal Church adopted episcopal polity and an itinerant model of ministry that saw circuit riders provide for the religious needs of a widespread and mobile population . Early Methodism was countercultural in that it was anti-elitist and anti-slavery , appealing especially to African Americans and women . While critics derided Methodists as fanatics , the Methodist Episcopal Church continued to grow , especially during the Second Great Awakening in which Methodist revivalism and camp meetings left its imprint on American culture . In the early 19th century , the MEC became the largest and most influential religious denomination in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_back", "text": "In gridiron football , defensive backs ( DBs ) are the players on the defensive team who take positions somewhat back from the line of scrimmage ; they are distinguished from the defensive line players and linebackers , who take positions directly behind or close to the line of scrimmage . The defensive backs , in turn , generally are classified into several different specialized positions :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Woolworth_Building", "text": "The Woolworth Building is an early American skyscraper located at 233 Broadway in Manhattan , New York City . Designed by architect Cass Gilbert , it was the tallest building in the world from 1913 to 1930 , with a height of 792 feet ( 241 m ) . More than a century after its construction , it remains one of the 100 tallest buildings in the United States . Located in Manhattan 's Tribeca neighborhood , the Woolworth Building is bounded by Broadway to its east , Park Place to its north , and Barclay Street to its south . The 60-story structure consists of a 30-story tower situated atop a 30-story base . Its facade is mostly decorated with terracotta ( though the lower portions are limestone ) and contains thousands of windows . The ornate lobby contains various sculptures , mosaics , and architectural touches . The structure was also designed with several amenities and attractions , including a now-closed observatory on the 57th floor and a private swimming pool in the basement . The skyscraper was originally conceived by F. W. Woolworth , the founder of a brand of popular five-and-ten-cent stores , as a headquarters for his eponymous company . Woolworth planned the skyscraper jointly with the Irving National Exchange Bank , which also agreed to use the structure as its headquarters . The Woolworth Building had originally been planned as a 12- to 16-story commercial building , but underwent several revisions to its plans during its planning process . Its final height was not decided upon until January 1911 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_Ocean", "text": "The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest of the world 's oceans , with an area of about 106,460,000 square kilometers ( 41,100,000 square miles ) . It covers approximately 20 percent of Earth 's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area . It separates the Old World from the New World . The Atlantic Ocean occupies an elongated , S-shaped basin extending longitudinally between Europe and Africa to the east , and the Americas to the west . As one component of the interconnected World Ocean , it is connected in the north to the Arctic Ocean , to the Pacific Ocean in the southwest , the Indian Ocean in the southeast , and the Southern Ocean in the south ( other definitions describe the Atlantic as extending southward to Antarctica ) . The Equatorial Counter Current subdivides it into the North ( ern ) Atlantic Ocean and the South ( ern ) Atlantic Ocean at about 8°N . Scientific explorations of the Atlantic include the Challenger expedition , the German Meteor expedition , Columbia University 's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory and the United States Navy Hydrographic Office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steve_Vai", "text": "Steven Siro Vai ( /vaɪ/ ; born June 6 , 1960 ) is an American guitarist , composer , singer , songwriter , and producer . A three-time Grammy Award winner and fifteen-time nominee , Vai started his music career in 1978 at the age of eighteen as a transcriptionist for Frank Zappa , and played in Zappa 's band from 1980 to 1983 . He embarked on a solo career in 1983 and has released eight solo albums to date . He has recorded and toured with Alcatrazz , David Lee Roth , and Whitesnake , as well as recording with artists such as Public Image Ltd , Mary J. Blige , Spinal Tap , and Ozzy Osbourne . Additionally , Vai has toured with live-only acts G3 , Zappa Plays Zappa , and the Experience Hendrix tour , as well as headlining international tours . Vai has been described as a highly individualistic player and part of a generation of heavy rock and metal virtuosi who came to the fore in the 1980s . He released his first solo album Flex-Able in 1984 , while his most successful release , Passion and Warfare ( 1990 ) , was described as the richest and best hard rock guitar-virtuoso album of the '80s . He was voted the 10th Greatest Guitarist by Guitar World magazine , and has sold over 15 million records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tina_Maze", "text": "Tina Maze ( Slovene : [ ˈtiːna ˈmaːzɛ ] ; born 2 May 1983 ) is a retired Slovenian World Cup alpine ski racer . Maze is the most successful Slovenian ski racer in history with a career that culminated with two gold medals at the 2014 Winter Olympics . She was awarded the title of the Slovenian Sportswoman of the Year in 2005 , 2010 , 2011 , 2013 , 2014 and 2015 , and with her four medals she is the most decorated Slovenian athlete at the Winter Olympics . Maze started her career as a giant slalom specialist , but later competed in all five alpine skiing disciplines . She is one of seven female racers who has won in all five World Cup disciplines and one of three to do it in a single season . Maze is the 2014 Olympic champion in downhill and giant slalom and the 2015 world champion in downhill and combined . She was also the world champion in giant slalom in 2011 and super-G in 2013 . Maze won a total of 26 World Cup races during her career , and won the World Cup overall title in 2013 . In that season , she won 11 races and tallied a record number of World Cup points - 2414 , beating the previous record of Hermann Maier of 2000 points from the 2000 season . She also won the super-G and giant slalom titles , and finished first in the combined event ( although no globe was awarded ) and finished second in slalom and downhill . Maze also improved Maier 's previous record of podium finishes in a single season ( 22 ) with 24 podiums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Gates", "text": "William Henry Gates III ( born October 28 , 1955 ) is an American business magnate , software developer , investor , and philanthropist . He is best known as the co-founder of Microsoft Corporation . During his career at Microsoft , Gates held the positions of chairman , chief executive officer ( CEO ) , president and chief software architect , while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014 . He is one of the best-known entrepreneurs and pioneers of the microcomputer revolution of the 1970s and 1980s . Born and raised in Seattle , Washington , Gates co-founded Microsoft with childhood friend Paul Allen in 1975 in Albuquerque , New Mexico ; it went on to become the world 's largest personal computer software company . [ a ] Gates led the company as chairman and CEO until stepping down as CEO in January 2000 , but he remained chairman and became chief software architect . During the late 1990s , Gates had been criticized for his business tactics , which have been considered anti-competitive . This opinion has been upheld by numerous court rulings . In June 2006 , Gates announced that he would be transitioning to a part-time role at Microsoft and full-time work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , the private charitable foundation that he and his wife , Melinda Gates , established in 2000 . He gradually transferred his duties to Ray Ozzie and Craig Mundie . He stepped down as chairman of Microsoft in February 2014 and assumed a new post as technology adviser to support the newly appointed CEO Satya Nadella . Since 1987 , he has been included in the Forbes list of the world 's wealthiest documented individuals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yalu_River", "text": "The Yalu River , also called the Amrok River or Amnok River , is a river on the border between North Korea and China . Together with the Tumen River to its east , and a small portion of Paektu Mountain , the Yalu forms the border between North Korea and China and is notable as a site involved in military conflicts such as the First Sino-Japanese War , the Russo-Japanese War , World War II , and the Korean War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holocaust_(TV_miniseries)", "text": "Holocaust is a 1978 American four part television miniseries which recounts the trajectory of the Holocaust from the perspectives of the fictional Weiss family of German Jews and that of a rising member of the SS , who gradually becomes a merciless war criminal . Holocaust highlighted numerous events which occurred up to and during World War II , such as Kristallnacht , the creation of Jewish ghettos , and later , the use of gas chambers . Although the miniseries won several awards and received positive reviews , it was criticized by others , such as the Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel , who wrote in The New York Times that it was : Untrue , offensive , cheap : as a TV production , the film is an insult to those who perished and to those who survived ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chuck_Jones", "text": "Charles Martin Jones ( September 21 , 1912 - February 22 , 2002 ) was an American animated filmmaker and cartoonist , best known for his work with Warner Bros. Cartoons on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies shorts . He wrote , produced , and/or directed many classic animated cartoon shorts starring Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner , Pepé Le Pew , Porky Pig , Michigan J. Frog , the Three Bears , and a slew of other Warner characters . After his career at Warner Bros. ended in 1962 , Jones started Sib Tower 12 Productions , and began producing cartoons for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , including a new series of Tom and Jerry shorts and the television adaptation of Dr. Seuss ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! . He later started his own studio , Chuck Jones Enterprises , which created several one-shot specials , and periodically worked on Looney Tunes related works . Jones was nominated for eight Academy Awards , winning three times . He won for the cartoons For Scent-imental Reasons , So Much for So Little , and The Dot and the Line . Robin Williams presented Jones with an Honorary Academy Award in 1996 for his iconic work in the animation industry . Film historian Leonard Maltin has praised Jones ' work at Warner Bros. , MGM and Chuck Jones Enterprises . He also said that the feud that there may have been between Jones and colleague Bob Clampett was mainly because they were so different from each other . In Jerry Beck 's The 50 Greatest Cartoons , ten of the entries were directed by Jones , with four out of the five top cartoons ( including first place ) being Jones shorts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terry_Pratchett", "text": "Sir Terence David John Pratchett OBE ( 28 April 1948 - 12 March 2015 ) was an English humorist , satirist , and author of fantasy novels , especially comical works . He is best known for his Discworld series of 41 novels . Pratchett 's first novel , The Carpet People , was published in 1971 . The first Discworld novel , The Colour of Magic , was published in 1983 , after which Pratchett wrote an average of two books a year . His 2011 Discworld novel Snuff became the third-fastest-selling hardback adult-readership novel since records began in the UK , selling 55,000 copies in the first three days . The final Discworld novel , The Shepherd 's Crown , was published in August 2015 , five months after his death . Pratchett , with more than 85 million books sold worldwide in 37 languages , was the UK 's best-selling author of the 1990s . He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 1998 and was knighted for services to literature in the 2009 New Year Honours . In 2001 he won the annual Carnegie Medal for The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents , the first Discworld book marketed for children . He received the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement in 2010 . In December 2007 , Pratchett announced that he had been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer 's disease . He later made a substantial public donation to the Alzheimer 's Research Trust ( now Alzheimer 's Research UK ) , filmed a television programme chronicling his experiences with the condition for the BBC , and became a patron for Alzheimer 's Research UK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bahrain", "text": "Bahrain ( /bɑːˈreɪn/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : البحرين al-Baḥrayn Arabic pronunciation : [ al baħrajn ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain ( Arabic : مملكة البحرين Mamlakat al-Baḥrayn ) , is a sovereign state in the Persian Gulf . The island nation comprises a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25-kilometre ( 16 mi ) King Fahd Causeway . According to the most recent 2010 census , Bahrain 's population is over 1.2 million , of which around half are non-nationals . At 780 square kilometres ( 300 sq mi ) in size , it is the third-smallest nation in Asia after the Maldives and Singapore . The capital and largest city is Manama . Bahrain is the site of the ancient Dilmun civilization . It has been famed since antiquity for its pearl fisheries , which were considered the best in the world into the 19th century . Bahrain was one of the earliest areas to convert to Islam , in 628 AD . Following a period of Arab rule , Bahrain was occupied by the Portuguese in 1521 , who in turn were expelled in 1602 by Shah Abbas I of the Safavid dynasty under the Persian Empire . In 1783 , the Bani Utbah clan captured Bahrain from Nasr Al-Madhkur and it has since been ruled by the Al Khalifa royal family , with Ahmed al Fateh as Bahrain 's first hakim . In the late 1800s , following successive treaties with the British , Bahrain became a protectorate of the United Kingdom . In 1971 , it declared independence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shahzan_Muda_FC", "text": "Shahzan Muda Football Club is a Malaysian football club based in Kuantan , Pahang . The club currently plays at the Malaysia FAM League , the third tier of the Malaysian football league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metre", "text": "The metre ( Commonwealth spelling and BIPM spelling ) or meter ( American spelling ) ( from the French unit mètre , from the Greek noun μετρούν , measure ) is the base unit of length in the International System of Units ( SI ) . The SI unit symbol is m. The metre is defined as the length of the path travelled by light in a vacuum in 1/299,792,458 of a second . The metre was originally defined in 1793 as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the North Pole along a great circle , so the Earth 's circumference is approximately 40,000 km . In 1799 , the metre was redefined in terms of a prototype metre bar ( the actual bar used was changed in 1889 ) . In 1960 , the metre was redefined in terms of a certain number of wavelengths of a certain emission line of krypton-86 . In 1983 , the current definition was adopted ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelantan_FA", "text": "Kelantan Football Association , also known as The Red Warriors , is a professional association football club based in Kota Bharu , in the Malaysian state of Kelantan . The football team has played in the second tier of Malaysian football , Malaysia Premier League since 2019 . Founded in 1946 , they have a long-standing rivalry with Terengganu , the two east coast teams involved in what is known as the East Coast Derby . Their home is the 22,000-seat Sultan Muhammad IV Stadium . Kelantan 's regular kit colours are red shirt and shorts with a white pattern on the side . The team had their first major success in the 2012 season , when they have won treble which is Malaysia Super League championship , Malaysia FA Cup and Malaysia Cup . Domestically , Kelantan have won the Malaysia Super League Championship on 2 occasions , most recently in the 2012 season , 2 Malaysia Cup titles , 2 Malaysia FA Cup titles , 1 Charity Shield and 1 Malaysia Premier League title . 2012 was their debut playing in the AFC Cup . They played well in the group stage to gain first place . However , the team lost in the quarter final to Erbil SC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinema_Junpo", "text": "Kinema Junpo ( キネマ旬報 , Kinema Junpō ) , commonly called Kinejun ( キネ旬 ) , is Japan 's oldest film magazine and began publication in July 1919 . It was first published three times a month , using the Japanese Jun ( 旬 ) system of dividing months into three parts , but the postwar Kinema Junpō has been published twice a month . The magazine was founded by a group of four students , including Saburō Tanaka , at the Tokyo Institute of Technology ( Tokyo Technical High School at the time ) . In that first month , it was published three times on days with a 1 in them . These first three issues were printed on art paper and had four pages each . Kinejun initially specialized in covering foreign films , in part because its writers sided with the principles of the Pure Film Movement and strongly criticized Japanese cinema . It later expanded coverage to films released in Japan . While long emphasizing film criticism , it has also served as a trade journal , reporting on the film industry in Japan and announcing new films and trends . After their building was destroyed in the Great Kantō earthquake in September 1923 , the Kinejun offices were moved to the city of Ashiya in the Hanshin area of Japan , though the main offices are now back in Tokyo . The Kinema Junpo awards began in 1926 , and their 10 best list is considered iconic and prestigious ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_Wicked_Husbandmen", "text": "The Parable of the Wicked Husbandmen , also known as the Parable of the Bad Tenants , is a parable of Jesus found in the Gospel of Matthew ( Matthew 21:33-46 ) , the Gospel of Mark ( Mark 12:1-12 ) and the Gospel of Luke ( Luke 20:9-19 ) . It is also found in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas . It describes a householder planting a vineyard and letting it out to husbandmen ( tenants in some translations ) who failed in their duties . A common Christian interpretation is that this parable was about the chief priests and Pharisees , and was given to the people present in Temple in Jerusalem during the final week before the death of Jesus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grace_United_Methodist_Church_(Wilmington,_Delaware)", "text": "Grace United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at 9th and West Streets in Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware . It was designed by architect Thomas Dixon and built in 1868 . It is constructed of serpentine stone of a light pea green color in the Victorian Gothic style . The church building measures approximately 166 feet by 102 feet , 6 inches . It features a needle spire that rises to 186 feet and is topped by a Celtic cross . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . It was dedicated in 1868 to the Union victory at Gettysburg , which saved the city from being ransacked by the advancing Confederates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gossamer_(Looney_Tunes)", "text": "Gossamer is an animated character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons . He is a large , hairy , orange monster . His body is perched on two giant tennis shoes , and his heart-shaped face is composed of only two oval eyes and a wide mouth , with two hulking arms ending in dirty , clawed fingers . The monster 's main trait is his uncombed , orange hair . He originally was voiced by Mel Blanc and has been voiced by Frank Welker , Maurice LaMarche , Joe Alaskey , Jim Cummings , and Kwesi Boakye . The word gossamer means any sort of thin , fragile , transparent material . In particular , it can refer to a kind of delicate , sheer gauze or a light cobweb . The name is meant to be ironic because the character is large , menacing , and destructive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Viktor_Eisymont", "text": "Viktor Vladislavovich Eisymont ( Russian : Виктор Владиславович Эйсымонт , 20 December 1904 - 31 January 1964 ) was a Soviet film director . He was a three-time recipient of the Stalin Prize , in 1942 , 1947 , and 1951 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_de_la_Méditerranée", "text": "Stade de la Méditerranée is a multi-purpose stadium in Béziers , France . The stadium is able to hold 18,555 ( 16110 seated ) people and was built in 1989 . It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches and is the home stadium of AS Béziers Hérault . On October 4 , 1991 , it hosted a 1991 Rugby World Cup Pool 4 match between France and Romania with France winning 30 - 3 . It hosted the first two Pool C matches of the 1999 Rugby World Cup . On October 1 , it hosted Fiji versus Namibia with Fiji winning 67 - 18 . The following day , it hosted quin-hosts France versus Canada with France winning 33 . - 20 . In addition to AS Béziers Hérault matches , the stadium has hosted a Castres Olympique rugby union match versus Toulouse in August 2010 , and versus Stade Français in August 2014 . On 9 March , 2018 , it hosted Six Nations Under 20s Championship between France and England with France losing 6-22 . The stadium is also used to host Rugby league Internationals . On December 4 , 1994 , France hosted Australia in Béziers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oakland_A's", "text": "The Oakland Athletics , often referred to as the A 's , are an American professional baseball team based in Oakland , California . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) West division . The team plays its home games at the Oakland Coliseum . They have won nine World Series championships . One of the American League 's eight charter franchises , the team was founded in Philadelphia in 1901 as the Philadelphia Athletics . They won three World Series championships from 1910 to 1913 and back-to-back titles in 1929 and 1930 . The team 's owner and manager for its first 50 years was Connie Mack and Hall of Fame players included Chief Bender , Frank Home Run Baker , Jimmie Foxx , and Lefty Grove . The team left Philadelphia for Kansas City in 1955 and became the Kansas City Athletics before moving to Oakland in 1968 . They won three consecutive World Championships between 1972 and 1974 , led by players including Vida Blue , Catfish Hunter , Reggie Jackson , ace reliever Rollie Fingers , and colorful owner Charlie O. Finley . After being sold by Finley to Walter A. Haas Jr. , the team won three consecutive pennants and the 1989 World Series behind the Bash Brothers , Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire , as well as Hall of Famers Dennis Eckersley , Rickey Henderson and manager Tony La Russa . From 1901 to 2019 , the Athletics ' overall win-loss record is 9,028-9,452 ( .489 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Konami", "text": "Konami Holdings Corporation [ nb 1 ] [ nb 2 ] is a Japanese entertainment and gambling conglomerate . It operates as a product distributor ( which produces and distributes trading cards , anime , tokusatsu , slot machines , pachinko machines and arcade cabinets ) , video game developer and publisher company . Konami has casinos around the world and operates health and physical fitness clubs across Japan . Konami 's video game franchisee include Metal Gear , Silent Hill , Castlevania , Contra , Frogger , Gradius , Yu-Gi-Oh ! , Suikoden and Pro Evolution Soccer . Additionally , Konami owns Bemani , known for Dance Dance Revolution and Beatmania , as well as the assets of former game developer Hudson Soft , known for Bomberman , Adventure Island , Bonk , Bloody Roar and Star Soldier . Konami is the twentieth-largest game company in the world by revenue . The company originated in 1969 as a jukebox rental and repair business in Toyonaka , Osaka , Japan , by Kagemasa Kōzuki , who remains the company 's chairman . The name Konami is a portmanteau of the names Kagemasa Kozuki , Yoshinobu Nakama , and Tatsuo Miyasako . Konami is headquartered in Tokyo . In the United States , Konami manages its video game business from offices in El Segundo , California and its casino gaming business from offices in Paradise , Nevada . Its Australian gaming operations are located in Sydney . As of March 2019 , it owns 22 consolidated subsidiaries around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OutKast", "text": "Outkast ( stylized as OutKast ) is an American hip hop duo formed in 1992 in East Point , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André André 3000 Benjamin ( formerly known as Dré ) and Antwan Big Boi Patton . The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , jazz , and techno . Benjamin and Patton formed the group as high school students in 1992 . Outkast released their debut album Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik in 1994 , which gained popularity after the single Player 's Ball reached number one on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart . With successive releases including ATLiens ( 1996 ) and Aquemini ( 1998 ) , the duo further developed their sound , experimenting with a variety of styles and achieving commercial success . In 2000 , Outkast released the critically acclaimed Stankonia , which included the singles Ms. Jackson and B.O.B . In September 2003 , the duo released the double album Speakerboxxx/The Love Below , which featured the number one singles Hey Ya ! and The Way You Move . The album won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year and was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America . Outkast next released the soundtrack for the 2006 musical film Idlewild , which they also starred in . In 2007 , the duo went on hiatus and both members have since pursued solo careers . In 2014 , Outkast reunited to celebrate their 20th anniversary by performing at more than 40 festivals worldwide , beginning at the Coachella Festival in April ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1975_Florida_Gators_football_team", "text": "The 1975 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida during the 1975 NCAA Division I football season . The season was Doug Dickey 's sixth and most successful season as the head coach of the Florida Gators football team . Dickey 's 1975 Florida Gators finished with a 9-3 overall record and a 5-1 Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) record , tying for second among ten SEC teams . The team featured consensus All-American linebacker Sammy Green ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oronde_Gadsden", "text": "Oronde Benjamin Gadsden ( pronounced o-RON-day ) ( born August 20 , 1971 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins . He also was a member of the Frankfurt Galaxy of the WLAF and the Portland Forest Dragons of the Arena Football League . He played college football at Winston-Salem State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Light_rail", "text": "Light rail transit ( LRT ) is a form of urban rail transit using rolling stock similar to a tram , but operating at a higher capacity , and often on an exclusive right-of-way ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_4", "text": "The PlayStation 4 ( officially abbreviated as PS4 ) is an eighth-generation home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment . Announced as the successor to the PlayStation 3 in February 2013 , it was launched on November 15 in North America , November 29 in Europe , South America and Australia , and on February 22 , 2014 , in Japan . It competes with Microsoft 's Xbox One and Nintendo 's Wii U and Switch . Moving away from the more complex Cell microarchitecture of its predecessor , the console features an AMD Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) built upon the x86-64 architecture , which can theoretically peak at 1.84 teraflops ; AMD stated that it was the most powerful APU it had developed to date . The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices ( Remote Play ) , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely ( Share Play ) . The console 's controller was also redesigned and improved over the PlayStation 3 , with improved buttons and analog sticks , and an integrated touchpad among other changes . The console also supports HDR10 High-dynamic-range video and playback of 4K resolution multimedia . The PlayStation 4 was released to critical acclaim , with critics praising Sony for acknowledging its consumers ' needs , embracing independent game development , and for not imposing the restrictive digital rights management schemes like those originally announced by Microsoft for the Xbox One . Critics and third-party studios also praised the capabilities of the PlayStation 4 in comparison to its competitors ; developers described the performance difference between the console and Xbox One as significant and obvious . Heightened demand also helped Sony top global console sales . By the end of September 2019 , over 102 million PlayStation 4 consoles had been shipped worldwide , surpassing lifetime sales of the PlayStation 3 . On September 7 , 2016 , Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4 Slim , a smaller version of the console ; and a high-end version called the PlayStation 4 Pro , which features an upgraded GPU and a higher CPU clock rate to support enhanced performance and 4K resolution in supported games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wan_Zack_Haikal", "text": "Wan Zack Haikal bin Wan Noor ( born 28 January 1991 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who currently plays as a striker or a midfielder for Selangor in Malaysia Super League . He is also a member of the Malaysia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmello_Anthony", "text": "Carmelo Kyam Anthony ( born May 29 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He has been named an NBA All-Star ten times and an All-NBA Team member six times . He played college basketball for the Syracuse Orange , winning a national championship as a freshman in 2003 while being named the NCAA Tournament 's Most Outstanding Player . After one season at Syracuse , Anthony entered the 2003 NBA draft and was selected with the third overall pick by the Denver Nuggets . While playing for Denver , he led the Nuggets to the playoffs every year from 2004 to 2010 ; the team won two division titles in that span . In 2009 , Anthony led the Nuggets to their first Conference Finals appearance since 1985 . In 2011 , he was traded from Denver to the New York Knicks days before the NBA trade deadline . In a January 24 , 2014 game against the Charlotte Bobcats , Anthony scored a career-high 62 points , setting a Knicks ' single-game scoring record and a Madison Square Garden single-game scoring record . Anthony was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder , where he played one season before signing with the Rockets . Anthony has played in the Olympics for the US national team a record four times , winning a bronze medal with the 2004 squad and gold medals on the 2008 , 2012 , and 2016 Olympic teams . As of April 2016 , he was the US Olympic team 's all-time leader in points , rebounds , and games played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Islands_of_Adventure", "text": "Universal 's Islands of Adventure ( originally Universal Studios Islands of Adventure ) is a theme park located in Orlando , Florida . It opened on May 28 , 1999 , along with CityWalk , as part of an expansion that converted Universal Studios Florida into the Universal Orlando Resort . The resort 's slogan Vacation Like You Mean It was introduced in 2013 . Islands of Adventure is modeled after a journey of exploration , where guests embark on an adventure to visit a variety of themed islands . Initially , the park featured six islands . A seventh , The Wizarding World of Harry Potter , was added in 2010 , themed to the highly-successful Harry Potter franchise . It was Universal 's largest investment since the resort 's founding in 1990 . The expansion led to a significant increase in attendance , and in 2013 , Islands of Adventure ranked seventh domestically and eleventh internationally after hosting approximately 8.1 million guests . The eighth island , Skull Island , opened on July 13 , 2016 and is themed to the King Kong franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fifth_Column", "text": "A fifth column is any group of people who undermine a larger group from within , usually in favor of an enemy group or nation . The activities of a fifth column can be overt or clandestine . Forces gathered in secret can mobilize openly to assist an external attack . This term is also extended to organised actions by military personnel . Clandestine fifth column activities can involve acts of sabotage , disinformation , or espionage executed within defense lines by secret sympathizers with an external force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rossiya_24", "text": "Russia-24 ( Russian : Россия-24 ) is a state-owned Russian-language news channel from Russia . It covers major national and international events as well as focuses on domestic issues . It is owned by VGTRK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Green_Lama", "text": "The Green Lama is a fictional pulp magazine hero of the 1940s . He is commonly portrayed as a powerful Buddhist Lama , dressing in green robes with a red scarf and using his powerful skill set to fight crime . Slightly different versions of the same character also appeared in comic books and on the radio . Unlike many contemporary characters from smaller publishers , Green Lama character is not in the public domain , as the author wisely retained all rights to his creation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Investigations_Services", "text": "USIS ( US Investigation Services ) was a US corporation that provided security-based information and service solutions to both government and corporate customers , in the United States and abroad . Its corporate headquarters were in Falls Church , in Greater Washington , D.C. Training took place in Boyers , PA. USIS was a part of Altegrity Inc. , a company headquartered in the Falls Church area that was owned by Providence Equity Partners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CSI:_Crime_Scene_Investigation", "text": "CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , also referred to as CSI and CSI : Las Vegas , is an American procedural forensics crime drama television series which ran on CBS from October 6 , 2000 , to September 27 , 2015 , spanning 15 seasons . The series starred William Petersen , Marg Helgenberger , George Eads , Ted Danson , Laurence Fishburne , Elisabeth Shue , and Jorja Fox and was the first in the CSI franchise . The series concluded with a feature-length finale titled Immortality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felipe_Garcia_dos_Prazeres", "text": "Felipe Garcia dos Prazeres ( born 10 January 1988 ) , simply known as Mão de Alface , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Tombense as a goalkeeper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eyalet_of_the_Archipelago", "text": "The Eyalet of the Archipelago ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت جزایر بحر سفید , Eyālet-i Cezāyir-i Baḥr-i Sefīd , Eyalet of the Islands of the White Sea ) was a first-level province ( eyalet ) of the Ottoman Empire . From its inception until the Tanzimat reforms of the mid-19th century , it was under the personal control of the Kapudan Pasha , the commander-in-chief of the Ottoman Navy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/V._Ravichandran", "text": "Veeraswamy Ravichandran , known simply as Dr.Ravichandran , is an Indian actor and filmmaker in Kannada cinema , known for his multi-faceted works in his associated films . Son of notable film producer N. Veeraswamy , Dr.Ravichandran made his acting debut in Khadeema Kallaru ( 1982 ) as an antagonist and followed it up with Chakravyuha in 1983 . After starring in a series of multi-starrers in supporting and lead roles , he cast himself in his directorial debut Premaloka ( 1987 ) , which became one of the highest grossing blockbuster films in Kannada cinema . As a producer , he continues to run Sri Eswari Productions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenny_Jönsson", "text": "Kenny Per Anders Jönsson ( born October 6 , 1974 ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahua_Kheraganj", "text": "Mahuakhera Ganj is a City , a Nagar Palika Parishad in Udham Singh Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand . The Mahuakhera Ganj city is divided into 9 wards for which elections are held every 5 years . Name OF Wards- 1-Vijay Nagra , 2-Aherpura,3-Mandaiya Devi , 4-Ganj , 5- Aadarsh Nagar , 6- Jama Masjid , 7-Hakim Ganj , 8-Sakti Chauraha 9-Vishal Nagar"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ellie_Harp", "text": "One Tree Hill is an American television series created by Mark Schwahn for The WB in 2003 . After its third season , The WB and UPN merged to form The CW , which then became the broadcaster for the show in the United States . Schwahn served as executive producer while also writing and directing for the show , including the premieres and finales of all seasons . The show began with nine main characters in its first season as the roles of Lucas Scott , Nathan Scott , Peyton Sawyer , Brooke Davis , Haley James , Dan Scott , Karen Roe , Keith Scott , and Whitey Durham . After that , characters from that first season left the show , with new main characters having been both written in and out of the series . Originally , it followed two half-brothers Lucas and Nathan Scott who started out as enemies but later formed a close bond as brothers . It also followed the brothers ' various relationships with other female leads during their high-school years and in their early twenties . The series ultimately spanned nearly fifteen years across nine seasons , with various time jumps taken into account ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australia", "text": "Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania , and numerous smaller islands . It is the largest country in Oceania and the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The population of 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest city is Sydney . The country 's other major metropolitan areas are Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . Indigenous Australians inhabited the continent for about 65,000 years prior to the first arrival of Dutch explorers in the early 17th century , who named it New Holland . In 1770 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 , a date which became Australia 's national day . The population grew steadily in subsequent decades , and by the time of an 1850s gold rush , most of the continent had been explored and an additional five self-governing crown colonies established . On 1 January 1901 , the six colonies federated , forming the Commonwealth of Australia . Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy , comprising six states and ten territories . Australia is the oldest , flattest , and driest inhabited continent , with the least fertile soils . It has a landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometres ( 2,941,300 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivy_King", "text": "Ivy King was the largest pure-fission nuclear bomb ever tested by the United States . The bomb was tested during the Truman administration as part of Operation Ivy . This series of tests involved the development of very powerful nuclear weapons in response to the nuclear weapons program of the Soviet Union . The production of Ivy King was hurried to be ready in case its sister project , Ivy Mike , failed in its attempt to achieve a thermonuclear reaction . The Ivy King test actually took place two weeks after Mike . Unlike the Mike bomb , the Ivy King device could theoretically have been added to United States ' nuclear arsenal because it was designed to be air-deliverable ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chaar_Sahibzaade", "text": "Chaar Sahibzaade ( transl . Four princes ) is a 2014 Indian Punjabi 3D computer-animated historical drama film written and directed by Harry Baweja . It is based on the sacrifices of the sons of the 10th Sikh guru Guru Gobind Singh - Sahibzada Ajit Singh , Jujhar Singh , Jorawar Singh , and Fateh Singh . Om Puri provided the film 's narration , and the voice artists for various characters were kept anonymous . It was also the highest grossing Punjabi film when it was released . It was surpassed by Carry on Jatta 2 in July 2018 . Produced by Pammi Baweja under the banner Baweja Movies , the film was released on 6 November 2014 to positive reviews from critics and audiences , and the movie emerged as a major box office success , eventually becoming the highest grossing animated movie ever to have been produced in India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sugar_Hill_Historic_District_(Detroit)", "text": "The Sugar Hill Historic District is a historic district in Detroit , Michigan . It contains 14 structures located along three streets : East Forest , Garfield , and East Canfield , between Woodward Avenue on the west and John R. on the east . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franklin,_Somerset_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Franklin Township is a township in Somerset County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population was 62,300 , reflecting an increase of 11,397 ( +22.4% ) from the 50,903 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 8,123 ( +19.0% ) from the 42,780 counted in the 1990 Census . Traditionally a farming community , it has become a fast-growing suburb with massive development in the later 20th and 21st centuries as a diverse blend of races , religions and cultures . In 2008 , Franklin Township ranked # 5 on Money magazine 's list of America 's Top 100 Best Places to Live . What is now Franklin Township was originally formed circa 1745 as Eastern precinct . Franklin Township was incorporated on February 21 , 1798 , as one of New Jersey 's initial group of 104 townships by an act of the New Jersey Legislature . Portions of the township were taken to form South Bound Brook ( formed within Township , became independent municipality as of April 11 , 1907 ) and East Millstone ( February 18 , 1873 , returned to Franklin Township on December 31 , 1949 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dawson_City", "text": "Dawson City , officially the Town of the City of Dawson , is a town in the Canadian territory of Yukon . It is inseparably linked to the Klondike Gold Rush ( 1896-99 ) . Its population was 1,375 as of the 2016 census , making it the second largest town of Yukon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Landscaping", "text": "Landscaping refers to any activity that modifies the visible features of an area of land , including :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Laurel_Park_Racecourse", "text": "Laurel Park is an American thoroughbred racetrack located just outside Laurel , Maryland which opened in 1911 . The track is ​1 1⁄8 miles in circumference . Its name was changed to Laurel Race Course for several decades until returning to the Laurel Park designation in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Virginia_Tech_Hokies_football", "text": "The Virginia Tech Hokies football team represents Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in the sport of American football . The Hokies compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference . They previously competed in the Big East . Their home games are played at Lane Stadium , located in Blacksburg , Virginia with a seating capacity of over 65,000 fans . Lane Stadium was [ when ? ] considered to be one of the loudest stadiums in the country , being voted number one in ESPN 's Top 20 Scariest Places to Play . Also , it was recognized in 2005 by Rivals.com as having the best home-field advantage in the country . It is currently the 31st largest stadium in college football . In 124 seasons , the Hokies have won over 700 games and appeared in 32 bowl games , including the 2000 BCS National Championship game . The Hokies currently rank 23rd among all Division I college football teams for most wins . With 25 consecutive bowl appearances , beginning in 1993 , the Hokies currently have the longest bowl game streak in the country recognized by the NCAA . The program has also claimed ten conference titles ( 2 South Atlantic , 1 Southern , 3 Big East & 4 ACC ) and produced eight All-Americans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australia", "text": "Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania , and numerous smaller islands . It is the largest country in Oceania and the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The population of 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest city is Sydney . The country 's other major metropolitan areas are Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . Indigenous Australians inhabited the continent for about 65,000 years prior to the first arrival of Dutch explorers in the early 17th century , who named it New Holland . In 1770 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 , a date which became Australia 's national day . The population grew steadily in subsequent decades , and by the time of an 1850s gold rush , most of the continent had been explored and an additional five self-governing crown colonies established . On 1 January 1901 , the six colonies federated , forming the Commonwealth of Australia . Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy , comprising six states and ten territories . Australia is the oldest , flattest , and driest inhabited continent , with the least fertile soils . It has a landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometres ( 2,941,300 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jhanjharpur_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Jhanjharpur Lok Sabha constituency ( Hindi : झांझरपुर लोकसभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sportkring_Sint-Niklaas", "text": "Sportkring Sint-Niklaas ( formerly known as FCN Sint-Niklaas ) is a Belgian football club from Sint-Niklaas , currently playing in the Belgian Fourth Division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Amanda_Dowler", "text": "On 21 March 2002 , Amanda Jane Milly Dowler , a 13-year-old English schoolgirl , was reported missing by her parents after failing to return home from school and not being seen since walking along Station Avenue in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , that afternoon . Following an extensive search for her , her remains were discovered in Yateley Heath Woods in Yateley , Hampshire , on 18 September . On 23 June 2011 , Levi Bellfield , who was already serving three life sentences for the murders of Marsha McDonnell and Amélie Delagrange and the attempted murder of Kate Sheedy , was found guilty of abducting and murdering Dowler and sentenced to an additional whole-life tariff . On 27 January 2016 , Surrey Police announced that Bellfield had admitted to abducting , abusing and killing Dowler . Following their daughter 's death , Dowler 's parents established a charity called Milly 's Fund to promote public safety , and in particular the safety of the children and young people . The case generated debate over the treatment of victims and witnesses in court , after Dowler 's family criticised the way they were cross-examined during Bellfield 's trial . Dowler 's murder played a significant role in the News of the World phone-hacking scandal . In 2011 , media reported that News of the World reporters had accessed Dowler 's voicemail after she was reported missing , giving her parents hope she was still alive . The resulting outcry from the British public contributed to the closure of the newspaper and led to a range of investigations and inquiries into phone hacking and media ethics in British media . The case is notable for attracting more attention from the media when compared to other similar cases that happened at the same time ( such as the murder of Hannah Williams ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chile", "text": "Chile ( /ˈtʃɪli/ ( listen ) , /ˈtʃɪleɪ/ ; Spanish : [ ˈtʃile ] ) , [ nb 2 ] officially the Republic of Chile ( Spanish : República de Chile ( help·info ) ) , is a South American country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the Andes to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west . It borders Peru to the north , Bolivia to the northeast , Argentina to the east , and the Drake Passage in the far south . Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández , Salas y Gómez , Desventuradas , and Easter Island in Oceania . Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres ( 480,000 sq mi ) of Antarctica under the Chilean Antarctic Territory . [ nb 3 ] , The arid Atacama Desert in northern Chile contains great mineral wealth , principally copper and lithium . The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources , and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions . Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands , and features a string of volcanoes and lakes . The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords , inlets , canals , twisting peninsulas , and islands . Spain conquered and colonized the region in the mid-16th century , replacing Inca rule in the north and centre , but failing to conquer the independent Mapuche who inhabited what is now south-central Chile . After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818 , Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic . In the 19th century , Chile saw significant economic and territorial growth , ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific ( 1879-83 ) after defeating Peru and Bolivia . In the 1960s and 1970s , the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kentucky", "text": "Kentucky ( UK : /kɛnˈtʌki/ ken-TUK-ee , US : /kən-/ ( listen ) kən- ) , officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky , is a state located in the Southern United States . Although styled as the State of Kentucky in the law creating it , ( because in Kentucky 's first constitution , the term state was used ) , Kentucky is one of four U.S. states constituted as a commonwealth ( the others being Virginia , Pennsylvania , and Massachusetts ) . Originally a part of Virginia , in 1792 Kentucky split from it and became the 15th state to join the Union . Kentucky is the 37th most extensive and the 26th most populous of the 50 United States . Kentucky is known as the Bluegrass State , a nickname based on the bluegrass , a species of grass found in many of its pastures . One of the major regions in Kentucky is the Bluegrass Region in central Kentucky , which houses its two largest cities , Louisville and Lexington . It is a land with diverse environments and abundant resources , including the world 's longest cave system , Mammoth Cave National Park , one of the greatest lengths of navigable waterways and streams in the contiguous United States , and the two largest man-made lakes east of the Mississippi River . Kentucky is also known for horse racing , bourbon , moonshine , coal , My Old Kentucky Home historic state park , automobile manufacturing , tobacco , bluegrass music , college basketball , Kentucky Fried Chicken , and the Kentucky colonel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illya_Kuryaki_and_the_Valderramas", "text": "Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas ( IKV ) is a musical duo formed in 1991 consisting of Dante Spinetta and Emmanuel Horvilleur , from Buenos Aires , Argentina . The duo split in 2001 to follow solo careers , but later performed together several times , and officially reunited in 2011 . The duo took their name from a fictional character , the Soviet spy Illya Kuryakin in the hit 1960s TV show The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , and the Colombian football player Carlos Valderrama . Their musical style is extremely wide-ranging , including hip-hop , rock , funk , and salsa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhosymedre", "text": "Rhosymedre ( Welsh pronunciation ) is a village within the community of Cefn and the county borough of Wrexham , Wales . The Anglican church , which was consecrated in 1837 , is dedicated to St John the Evangelist , and is part of the Diocese of St Asaph . Former vicars include John David Edwards ( vicar from 1843 to 1885 ) , whose most famous hymn tune composition is Rhosymedre , which Ralph Vaughan Williams later based an organ prelude around . The quarry behind Rock Road was originally the source of stones for building the Llangollen canal , and also the houses of the local mining community . Rhosymedre Halt railway station served the village from 1906 to 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiago_Monteiro", "text": "Tiago Vagaroso da Costa Monteiro ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ tiˈaɣu mõˈtɐjɾu ] ; born 24 July 1976 ) is a Portuguese professional racing driver currently competing in the World Touring Car Cup , driving a Honda Civic TCR for KCMG . He competed in Formula One between 2005 and 2006 for the Jordan Grand Prix , Midland and Spyker MF1 teams - all different iterations of the same team as it was bought by new owners during a two-year stint as part of the Formula One paddock . He is the only Portuguese driver to have scored a Formula One podium finish . Monteiro started racing in the World Touring Car Championship in 2007 with Seat Sport , and remained with the Spanish manufacturer until 2012 , when he switched to the new Honda team late in the season . He still remains with the Japanese manufacturer in 2019 , having achieved his best championship finish of third in 2016 , and also helped Honda to win the manufacturers ' championship in 2013 . He was leading the drivers ' championship after 12 races in 2017 , but injuries sustained in a crash in testing forced him to withdraw from the rest of the season . Monteiro is a 12-time World Touring Car race winner and achieved the eighth most wins in the WTCC , until it became the World Touring Car Cup in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chiayi", "text": "Chiayi ( Taigi POJ : Ka-gī ; Chinese : 嘉義 ) , officially known as Chiayi City , is a city located in the plains of southwestern Taiwan . Formerly called Kagee during the late Qing dynasty and Kagi during the Japanese era ( Chinese and Japanese : 嘉義 ) , its historical name is Tirosen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Safety_(gridiron_football_position)", "text": "Safety , historically known as a safetyman , is a position in gridiron football played by a member of the defense . The safeties are defensive backs who line up from ten to fifteen yards from the line of scrimmage . There are two variations of the position in a typical American formation : the free safety ( FS ) and the strong safety ( SS ) . Their duties depend on the defensive scheme . The defensive responsibilities of the safety and cornerback usually involve pass coverage towards the middle and sidelines of the field , respectively . While American ( 11-player ) formations generally use two safeties , Canadian ( 12-player ) formations generally have one safety and two defensive halfbacks , a position not used in the American game . As professional and college football have become more focused on the passing game , safeties have become more involved in covering the eligible pass receivers . Safeties are the last line of defense ; they are expected to be reliable tacklers , and many safeties rank among the hardest hitters in football . Safety positions can also be converted cornerbacks , either by design ( Byron Jones ) or as a cornerback ages ( Charles Woodson , DeAngelo Hall , Lardarius Webb , Tramon Williams ) . Historically , in the era of the one-platoon system , the safety was known as the defensive fullback ( specifically the free safety ; the strong safety would be a defensive halfback , a term still in Canadian parlance ) or goaltender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norazlan_Razali", "text": "Norazlan bin Razali ( born 19 December 1985 ) is a Malaysian football player who plays for Malaysia Super League side Melaka United as a goalkeeper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_Twins", "text": "The Minnesota Twins are an American professional baseball team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The team is named after the Twin Cities area comprising Minneapolis and St. Paul . The franchise was founded in Washington , D.C. in 1901 as the Washington Senators . The team relocated to Minnesota and was renamed the Minnesota Twins at the start of the 1961 season . The Twins played in Metropolitan Stadium from 1961 to 1981 and in the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome from 1982 to 2009 . The team played its inaugural game at Target Field on April 12 , 2010 . The franchise won the World Series in 1924 as the Senators , and in 1987 and 1991 as the Twins . Through the 2019 season , the team has fielded 19 American League batting champions . The team has hosted five All-Star Games : 1937 and 1956 in Washington , D.C. ; and 1965 , 1985 , and 2014 in Minneapolis-St. Paul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/André_Parmentier_(sport_shooter)", "text": "André Parmentier ( born 29 May 1876 , died 1939 ) was a French sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and at the 1920 Summer Olympics . He was born in Sauveterre de Guyenne , Gironde . In 1908 he was a member of the French team which won the bronze medal in the team free rifle competition . He also finished fourth with the French team in the team military rifle event . In the 1908 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Southland,_New_Zealand", "text": "Southland ( Māori : Murihiku ) is New Zealand 's southernmost region . It consists mainly of the southwestern portion of the South Island and Stewart Island / Rakiura . It includes Southland District , Gore District and the city of Invercargill . The region covers over 3.1 million hectares and spans over 3,400 km of coast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Intercollegiate_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference ( SIAC ) is a collegiate athletic conference consisting mostly of historically black colleges and universities ( HBCUs ) , with all but one member located in the Southern United States . Formed in 1913 , the SIAC is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and competes in Division II . Only three charter members are still part of the conference - Clark Atlanta University ( formerly Clark College ) , Tuskegee University , and Morehouse ( which briefly left before returning ) . Before 2014 , all members had been southern HBCUs , but two of the SIAC 's three newest members include its only non-HBCU , Spring Hill College ( joined in 2014 ) , and its only member outside the South , Central State University of Ohio ( joined in 2015 ) . The newest member , Savannah State University , returned to the SIAC in 2019 after a nearly 20-year absence . The U.S. Army 's 24th Infantry Division teams competed as members of the SIAC from 1930 until 1935 . The SIAC leads all NCAA Division II conferences in football attendance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKXL-FM", "text": "CKXL-FM ( 91.1 MHz ) is a French language community radio station licensed to Saint Boniface , Manitoba and serving the Winnipeg Capital Region . It broadcasts a public radio format that has 80% Manitoba content . It uses the branding Envol 91 FM . CKXL-FM is owned by La Radio Communautaire du Manitoba Inc . It broadcasts from the Franco-Manitoban Cultural Centre ( CCFM ) in the Winnipeg district of Saint Boniface . The station 's transmitter is located on Provincial Trunk Highway 2 in Springstein , Manitoba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_All_American_Rejects", "text": "The All-American Rejects is an American rock band formed in Stillwater , Oklahoma in 1999 . The band consists of lead vocalist and bassist Tyson Ritter , lead guitarist and backing vocalist Nick Wheeler , rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Mike Kennerty , and drummer Chris Gaylor . Wheeler and Ritter are the band 's songwriters ; Wheeler is the primary composer and Ritter is the main lyricist . Although Kennerty and Gaylor are not founding members , they have appeared in all of the band 's music videos and on all studio releases except for the band 's self-titled debut . The group achieved mainstream success with their debut self-titled studio album The All-American Rejects , released in 2003 on the Dreamworks Records label . The album was certified platinum by the RIAA and spawned the single Swing , Swing . The band 's second studio album Move Along brought the group further mainstream success in 2005 , producing the hit singles , Dirty Little Secret , Move Along and It Ends Tonight , all of which charted in the top fifteen on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , while Move Along was certified double platinum by the RIAA . Their third studio album When the World Comes Down was released in 2008 and was later certified gold by the RIAA . Its lead single Gives You Hell became The All-American Rejects ' most successful song to date , peaking at number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and the top 5 in many other countries . Gives You Hell was certified 4× multi-platinum for sales of over 4 million in the United States by the RIAA . Kids in the Street , the band 's fourth studio album , was released March 26 , 2012 and debuted at number 18 on the US Billboard 200 chart . On October 30 , 2015 , the group released a new single named There 's a Place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Associação_Portuguesa_de_Desportos", "text": "Associação Portuguesa de Desportos , usually called Portuguesa or Lusa , is a sports club , and a Brazilian football team from São Paulo in São Paulo state , founded on August 14 , 1920 by the Portuguese population of the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uchkuduk", "text": "Uchquduq ( sometimes spelled as Uchkuduk , Uzbek : Uchquduq , Учқудуқ ; Russian : Учкудук ) is a city ( pop est 27,000 ) in the north of Navoiy Region , Uzbekistan . The city 's name means three draw-wells in Uzbek . It is located at 42°9′24″N 63°33′20″E / 42.15667°N 63.55556°E / 42.15667 ; 63.55556 , at an altitude of 193 meters in the middle of the Kyzyl Kum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008–09_Euroleague", "text": "The 2008-09 Euroleague was the 9th season of the professional basketball competition for elite clubs throughout Europe , organised by Euroleague Basketball Company , and it was the 52nd season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs overall . The season , which featured 24 teams from 13 different countries , culminated in the 2008-09 Euroleague Final Four at the new O2 World arena in Berlin , Germany . It was won by Panathinaikos , who defeated in the final , the defending champions , CSKA Moscow . While the general structure of the competition was identical to that used in recent seasons , changes were made to the format for two of its phases , the Regular Season and Quarterfinals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cattier", "text": "Cattier ( or Champagne Cattier ) is a family-owned Champagne house located in Chigny-les-Roses , a Premier Cru village of the Montagne de Reims , part of Champagne , France . The Cattier family has owned vineyards since 1625 , and has been running the House for over 13 generations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freeman_Chapel_C.M.E._Church", "text": "Freeman Chapel C.M.E . Church is a historic Christian Methodist Episcopal church at 137 S. Virginia Street in Hopkinsville , Kentucky which was built during 1923-25 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . It was deemed significant both for its history and its architecture . It is a two-story brick Classical Revival-style building on a tall basement foundation . It has arched clerestory windows ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Proctor", "text": "Proctor , a variant of procurator , is a person who takes charge of , or acts for , another . The title is used in England and some other English-speaking countries in three principal contexts :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Third_baseman", "text": "A third baseman , abbreviated 3B , is the player in baseball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base - the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run . In the scoring system used to record defensive plays , the third baseman is assigned the number ' 5 ' . The third baseman requires good reflexes in reacting to batted balls , as he is often the closest infielder ( roughly 90-120 feet ) to the batter . The third base position requires a strong and accurate arm , as the third baseman often makes long throws to first base . The third baseman sometimes must throw quickly to second base in time to start a double play . The third baseman must also field fly balls in fair and foul territory . Third base is known as the hot corner , because the third baseman is relatively close to the batter and most right-handed hitters tend to hit the ball hard in this direction . A third baseman must possess good hand-eye coordination and quick reactions in order to catch hard line drives sometimes in excess of 125 miles per hour ( 201 km/h ) . Third basemen often must begin in a position even closer to the batter if a bunt is expected , creating a hazard if the ball is instead hit sharply . As with middle infielders , right-handed throwing players are standard at the position because they do not need to turn their body before throwing across the infield to first base . Mike Squires , who played fourteen games at third base in 1982 and 1983 , is a very rare example of a third baseman who threw lefty . Some third basemen have been converted from middle infielders or outfielders because the position does not require them to run as fast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1880_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1880 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Rono", "text": "Henry Rono ( born 12 February 1952 in Kapsabet ) is a Kenyan retired track and field athlete who specialised in various long-distance running events . Although he never made the Olympics , Rono is remembered as one of the most prolific collegiate competitors in the history of track in the United States , as well as being the former record holder for the 3000 metres steeplechase for over a decade . Rono also set the world record for the 5000 metres twice , first in 1978 , and again in 1981 ( breaking his own record that he had set in 1978 . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia's_at-large_congressional_district", "text": "From 1793 to 1827 and again from 1829 to 1845 , Georgia elected all its Representatives in Congress from a single multi-member at-large congressional district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/U-Carmen_eKhayelitsha", "text": "U-Carmen eKhayelitsha is a 2005 South African operatic film directed and produced by Mark Dornford-May ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yoshi's_Cookie", "text": "Yoshi 's Cookie [ a ] is a 1992 tile-matching puzzle video game developed by Tose and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy . The Super Nintendo Entertainment System version was developed and published by Bullet-Proof Software . Yoshi 's Cookie was remade and included in the compilation game Nintendo Puzzle Collection , released in 2003 for the GameCube in Japan . The NES version was re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in 2008 and available until October 18 , 2013 in North America and October 11 , 2013 in Japan and Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Istiklol", "text": "Football Club Istiklol ( Tajik : Дастаи Футболи Истиқлол , Dastayi Futboli Istiqlol ) is a professional football club based in Dushanbe , Tajikistan . They currently play in the top division of the country . The club is named after the independence of Tajikistan . Istiklol from Tajik to English is translated as Independence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kaduqli", "text": "Kaduqli or Kadugli ( Arabic : كادوقلي Kādūqlī Sudanese pronunciation : [ kaːˈduɢli ] ) is the capital city of South Kordofan State , Sudan . It is located 240 kilometres ( 150 mi ) south of El-Obeid , at the northern edge of the White Nile plain in the Nuba Mountains . It contains Hilal Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burbank,_California", "text": "Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of Southern California , United States , 12 miles ( 19 km ) northwest of downtown Los Angeles . The population at the 2010 census was 103,340 . Billed as the Media Capital of the World and only a few miles northeast of Hollywood , numerous media and entertainment companies are headquartered or have significant production facilities in Burbank , including Warner Bros. Entertainment , The Walt Disney Company , Nickelodeon Animation Studios , The Burbank Studios , Cartoon Network Studios with the West Coast branch of Cartoon Network , and Insomniac Games . The Hollywood Burbank Airport was the location of Lockheed 's Skunk Works , which produced some of the most secret and technologically advanced airplanes , including the U-2 spy planes that uncovered the Soviet Union missile components in Cuba in October 1962 . Burbank consists of two distinct areas : a downtown/foothill section , in the foothills of the Verdugo Mountains , and the flatland section . The city was referred to as Beautiful Downtown Burbank on Rowan & Martin 's Laugh-In and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson . The city was named after David Burbank , a New Hampshire-born dentist and entrepreneur who established a sheep ranch there in 1867 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulfstream_Park", "text": "Gulfstream Park is a racetrack and county-approved casino in Hallandale Beach , Florida . During its annual meet , which spans December through October , it is one of the most important venues for horse racing in the USA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daan_van_Haarlem", "text": "Daan van Haarlem ( born 15 March 1989 ) is a Dutch male volleyball player . He is part of the Netherlands men 's national volleyball team . On club level he plays for VK ČEZ Karlovarsko , Karlovy Vary ( Czech Republic ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991_World_Snooker_Championship", "text": "The 1991 World Snooker Championship ( also referred to as the 1991 Embassy World Snooker Championship for the purposes of sponsorship ) was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 20 April and 6 May 1991 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield , England . Stephen Hendry was the defending champion , but he lost in quarter finals and fell to the Crucible curse , becoming another champion who was unable to defend his first world title . John Parrott won his only World Championship title by defeating Jimmy White 18-11 in the final . It was the third time that White had lost in the final after 1984 and 1990 . The tournament was sponsored by cigarette manufacturer Embassy . The highest break of the tournament was 140 , made by Jimmy White ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clark_Atlanta_University", "text": "Clark Atlanta University is a private historically black university in Atlanta , Georgia . It was formed in 1988 with the consolidation of Clark College ( founded in 1869 ) and Atlanta University ( founded in 1865 ) . Clark Atlanta University is a member of the United Negro College Fund ( UNCF ) and is the largest collegiate institution in the Atlanta University Center Consortium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Coxe", "text": "Dr. Daniel Coxe ( c. 1640 - January 19 , 1730 ) FRS was an English physician and governor of West Jersey from 1687-1688 and 1689-1692 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Motorcycle_racing", "text": "Motorcycle racing ( also called moto racing and motorbike racing ) is the motorcycle sport of racing motorcycles . Major varieties include motorcycle road racing and off-road racing , both either on circuits or open courses , and track racing . Other categories include hill climbs , drag racing and land speed record trials ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pleymo", "text": "Pleymo is a French nu metal band formed by Mark Maggiori , Benoît Julliard , Fred Ceraudo , and Mathias Borronquet in Fontainebleau in 1997 . Pleymo has sold over 100,000 albums to date . The band 's name apparently originates from the lead singer once having a haircut as a child that was similar to that of Playmobil figures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Łozina", "text": "Łozina [ wɔˈʑina ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland . Prior to 1945 it was in Germany . It lies approximately 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) north of Długołęka , and 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław . The village has a population of 450 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Hartack_Memorial_Handicap", "text": "The Bill Hartack Memorial Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run at Hawthorne Race Course in Stickney/Cicero , Illinois in the early spring of the year . The ungraded stakes race is for horses three-year-olds and older , and is set at a distance of one and one-eighth of a mile . The race offers a purse of $ 200,000 . In 2009 , the race was downgraded from a Grade III event to ungraded status , but as of 2015 had once again been awarded Grade III status . Formerly known as the National Jockey Club Handicap , the race was inaugurated as the Bill Hartack Memorial Handicap in 2008 to honor the Hall of Fame jockey Bill Hartack who died in November 2007 . Hartack won the Kentucky Derby fives times : 1957 on Iron Liege , 1960 on Venetian Way , 1962 on Decidedly , 1964 on Northern Dancer , and 1969 on Majestic Prince . ( In 2000 , 2001 and 2002 , the race was held at Sportsman 's Park Racetrack in Cicero , Illinois . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Watertown,_New_York", "text": "Watertown is a city in the U.S. state of New York and the county seat of Jefferson County . It is situated approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the Thousand Islands , and along the Black River about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) east of its mouth at Lake Ontario . It lies 180 miles ( 290 km ) northwest of Albany , the state capital , and 328 miles ( 530 km ) northwest of New York City . As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 27,023 , an increase of 1.2% since 2000 . The U.S. Army post Fort Drum is near the city . Named after the many falls on the Black River , the city developed early in the 19th century as an industrial and manufacturing center . From years of generating industrial wealth , by the early 20th century the city was said to have more millionaires per capita than any other city in the nation . Geographically , Watertown is located in the central part of Jefferson County . It lies 70 miles ( 110 km ) north of Syracuse and 31 miles ( 50 km ) south of the Ontario border . The city is served by Watertown International Airport . The city claims to be the origin of the five and dime store and the safety pin , and it is the home of Little Trees air fresheners . It manufactured the first portable steam engine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bletchley,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Bletchley is a constituent town of Milton Keynes , ( ceremonial ) Buckinghamshire , England . It is situated in the south-west of Milton Keynes , and is split between the civil parishes of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford and West Bletchley . Bletchley is best known for Bletchley Park , the headquarters of Britain 's World War II codebreaking organisation , and now a major tourist attraction . The National Museum of Computing is also located on the Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1948_Philadelphia_Eagles_season", "text": "The 1948 Philadelphia Eagles season was the franchise 's 16th season in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The Eagles repeated as Eastern Division champions and returned to the NFL Championship game , this time defeating the Chicago Cardinals to win their first NFL title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhosymedre_(hymn_tune)", "text": "Rhosymedre is the name of a hymn tune written by the 19th-century Welsh Anglican priest John David Edwards . Edwards named the tune after the village of Rhosymedre in the County Borough of Wrexham , Wales , where he was the vicar from 1843 until his death in 1885 . The hymn tune is seven lines long , with a metrical index of 6.6.6.6.8.8.8 . It appears in a number of hymnals and is sung to a variety of words . The tune was used by Ralph Vaughan Williams as the basis of the second movement of his organ composition Three Preludes on Welsh Hymn Tunes . Although best known in this original version for solo organ , it is also well known as an orchestral arrangement by Arnold Foster published in 1938 . The prelude has been arranged for other instruments or combinations of instruments , including solo piano , piano duet , clarinet choir and four recorders . The Prelude on the hymn tune 'Rhosymedre ' by Ralph Vaughan Williams was played at the Funeral of Diana , Princess of Wales by the request of Lady Sarah McCorquodale . It was also played at the weddings of her two sons : Prince William ( in April 2011 ) and Prince Harry ( in May 2018 ) . In 2008 , to mark the 50th anniversary of the death of Vaughan Williams , Richard Morrison ( chief music critic of The Times ) arranged the piece for string quartet and solo tenor . The first performance took place in May 2008 , with James Gilchrist singing the words of the hymn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yorkshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Yorkshire was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England from 1290 , then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1832 . It was represented by two Members of Parliament , traditionally known as Knights of the Shire , until 1826 , when the county benefited from the disfranchisement of Grampound by taking an additional two members . The constituency was split into its three historic ridings , for Parliamentary purposes , under the Reform Act 1832 . Each riding returned two MPs . The county was then represented by the Yorkshire East Riding , Yorkshire North Riding and Yorkshire West Riding constituencies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forward_(association_football)", "text": "Forwards are the players on a football ( soccer ) team who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals . Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals on behalf of their team than other players . Modern team formations generally include one to three forwards ; for example , the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward . Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards , or none ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1877_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1877 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swimming_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics", "text": "Swimming at the 2012 Paralympic Games was held from 30 August to 8 September 2012 at the London Aquatics Centre in London , UK . The competition consisted of 148 events , across multiple classifications , and all swum in a long course ( 50m ) pool . Up to 600 swimmers ( 340 males , 260 females ) swum in the Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DuckTales_(2017_TV_series)", "text": "DuckTales is an American animated television series , developed by Matt Youngberg and Francisco Angones originally for Disney XD , and then later for Disney Channel . Produced by Disney Television Animation , the series is a reboot of the original 1987 series of the same name . DuckTales was officially announced in February 2015 and premiered on August 12 , 2017 with a 44-minute special titled Woo-oo ! The first season , which resumed on September 23 , 2017 , consisted of 21 further twenty-two minute episodes and a 44-minute season finale special . Before the series was released , it was renewed for a second season on March 2 , 2017 . The second season premiered on October 20 , 2018 . On September 21 , 2018 , DuckTales was renewed for a third season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013–14_ISU_Speed_Skating_World_Cup_–_World_Cup_5", "text": "The fifth competition weekend of the 2013-14 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in Eisstadion Inzell in Inzell , Germany , from Friday , 7 March , until Sunday , 9 March 2014 . By winning the men 's 1000 meters race , Shani Davis of the United States secured the men 's 1000 metres World Cup , as he extended his lead to 210 points , with only 150 points available for the winner on the last competition weekend ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jobcentre_Plus", "text": "Jobcentre Plus ( Welsh : Canolfan byd Gwaith ; Scottish Gaelic : Ionad Obrach is Eile ) is the part of the Department for Work and Pensions which delivers working-age support service in the United Kingdom . From 2002 to 2011 , it was an executive agency which reported directly to the Minister of State for Employment . It was formed by the amalgamation of two agencies , the Employment Service , which operated Jobcentres , and the Benefits Agency , which ran social security offices ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donghak_Peasant_Revolution", "text": "The Donghak Peasant Revolution ( 동학 농민 혁명 ; 東學農民革命 ; donghak nongmin hyeogmyeong ) , also known as the Donghak Peasant Movement ( 동학 농민 운동 ; 東學農民運動 ; donghak nongmin undong ) , Donghak Rebellion , Peasant Revolt of 1894 , Gabo Peasant Revolution , and a variety of other names , was an armed rebellion in Korea led by aggravated peasants and followers of the Donghak religion , a panentheistic religion viewed by many rebels as a political ideology . In 1894 , the magistrate of Gobu , Jo Byeonggap , had created various bogus laws and forced the peasants to build reservoirs and settle in unowned lands in order to get rich from taxes and fines . In March , angered peasants allied under Jeon Bongjun and Kim Gaenam , beginning the Gobu Revolt . However , the Gobu revolt was suppressed by Yi Yongtae , and Jeon Bongjun fled to Taein . In April , Jeon gathered an army in Mount Baek and recaptured Gobu . The rebels then proceeded to defeat governmental forces in Hwangto Pass and the Hwangryong River . Jeon then captured Jeonju Fortress and fought in a siege with Hong Gyehun 's Joseon forces . In May , however , the rebels had signed a truce with the governmental forces , and built agencies called Jibgangso that handled affairs in rebel-controlled areas . This somewhat unsteady peace continued throughout the summer . The frightened government asked the Qing dynasty for help , and it sent 2,700 soldiers to Korea . Japan , angered that the Qing government , had not informed Japan ( as promised in the Convention of Tientsin ) , started the First Sino-Japanese War . The war resulted in an expulsion of Chinese influence in Korea and also signaled an end for the Self-Strengthening Movement in China itself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Töölö_Sports_Hall", "text": "Töölö Sports Hall ( Finnish : Töölön kisahalli , Swedish : Tölö sporthall ) is a sports venue located in the Töölö district of Helsinki , Finland . It was designed by Aarne Hytönen and Risto-Veikko Luukkonen and built in 1935 as Messuhalli ( Exhibition Hall ) . It is located near the Olympic Stadium , the Opera House , and the Sonera Stadium . The hall was originally a venue for concerts , banquets and sporting events , but is now used only for training and competition in various sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erik_Ågren_(boxer)", "text": "Erik Alfred Ågren ( 3 January 1916 - 3 July 1985 ) was a Swedish amateur boxer . He won a bronze medal in the lightweight division at the 1936 Summer Olympics and a silver medal as a welterweight at the 1939 European Amateur Boxing Championships . Ågren 's three brothers , Carl , Oscar and Ture Ågren , were also elite boxers who competed at the European level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LD_350-1", "text": "Ledi-Geraru is a paleoanthropological research area in Mille district , Afar Region , northeastern Ethiopia , along the Ledi and Geraru rivers ( two left tributaries of the Awash , south of the Mille river ) . It stretches for about 50 km , located just to the northeast of the Hadar paleoanthropological area . Early research was conducted in 1972-1974 The Ledi-Geraru Research Project was launched in 2002 . The site is known for its early stone tools , dated about 2.6 million years old . A hominin mandible was found in 2013 , known as LD 350-1 and dated 2.8 million years old , which may qualify as a very early specimen of the genus Homo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polycom", "text": "Polycom , Inc. is an American multinational corporation that develops video , voice and content collaboration and communication technology . Polycom was co-founded in 1990 by Brian L Hinman and Jeffrey Rodman . In 2018 it was acquired by Plantronics . In 2014 , it was the largest pure-play collaboration company in its industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ebenezer_Baptist_Churches", "text": "The Ebenezer Baptist Churches are two Baptist churches in Loudoun County , Virginia , the Old Ebenzer Church , built before 1769 , and the New Ebenezer Church , built about 1855 . The churches are associated with corresponding old and new cemeteries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archibald_Hall", "text": "Archibald Thomson Hall , also known as Roy Fontaine ( 17 June 1924 - 16 September 2002 ) was a Scottish serial killer and thief . Born in Glasgow , Scotland , he became known as the Killer Butler or the Monster Butler after committing crimes while working in service to members of the British aristocracy . At the time of his death he was the oldest person serving a whole life tariff in prison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sonning_Common", "text": "Sonning Common is a village and civil parish in a relatively flat , former common land part of the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire , centred 3.5 miles ( 6 km ) west south-west of Henley-on-Thames and 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north of Reading ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rising_Damp", "text": "Rising Damp is a British sitcom produced by Yorkshire Television for ITV . ITV originally broadcast the programme from 2 September 1974 until 9 May 1978 . It was adapted for television by Eric Chappell from his 1971 stage play The Banana Box ( retained as the working title early in the series ) . The series was the highest-ranking ITV sitcom in the BBC 's 100 Best Sitcoms poll of 2004 . The show was recorded entirely before a studio audience at The Leeds Studios of Yorkshire Television in Leeds , West Yorkshire and featured no scenes shot on location ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Allison_Perkins", "text": "Allison Perkins is a fictional character on the American soap opera One Life to Live . Barbara Garrick originated the role from 1986 to 1987 , returning from August 15 , 2001 to August 27 , 2002 and then making brief appearances from October 24 to October 28 , 2002 and January 10 to January 31 , 2003 . Garrick once again returned to the role from January 25 , 2008 to March 3 , 2008 . She reappeared on February 26 , 2010 until April 13 , 2010 . She escaped Statesville and returned to Llanview during the blackout on January 5 , 2012 and remained until the broadcast finale January 13 , 2012 . Under secrecy , Garrick returned for the first-season finale of Prospect Park 's version of One Life to Live on August 19 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mubende_District", "text": "Mubende is a district in the Central Region of Uganda . The town of Mubende is the site of the district headquarters . The district was reduced in size in July 2005 with the creation of the Mityana District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UAE_Team_Emirates", "text": "UAE Team Emirates ( UCI team code : UAD ) is an Emirati road bicycle racing team . The team competes at UCI WorldTeam level and has done so since the UCI World Tour was formed as the top category of road cycling in 2005 . However the team was temporarily suspended from the ProTour in 2010 , missing one ProTour event . The general manager , Giuseppe Saronni , was himself a famous professional cyclist , a world champion and winner of two editions of the Giro d'Italia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Macon,_Georgia", "text": "Macon ( /ˈmeɪkən/ ) , officially Macon-Bibb County , is a consolidated city-county located in the U.S. state of Georgia . Macon lies near the geographic center of the state , approximately 85 miles ( 137 km ) south of Atlanta , hence the city 's nickname The Heart of Georgia . Located near the fall line of the Ocmulgee River , Macon had a 2017 estimated population of 152,663 . Macon is the principal city of the Macon metropolitan area , which had an estimated population of 228,914 in 2017 . Macon is also the largest city in the Macon-Warner Robins Combined Statistical Area ( CSA ) , a larger trading area with an estimated 420,693 residents in 2017 ; the CSA abuts the Atlanta metropolitan area just to the north . In a 2012 referendum , voters approved the consolidation of the governments of the City of Macon and Bibb County , and Macon became Georgia 's fourth-largest city ( just after Columbus ) . The two governments officially merged on January 1 , 2014 . Macon is served by three interstate highways : I-16 ( connecting the city to Savannah and coastal Georgia ) , I-75 ( connecting the city with Atlanta to the north and Valdosta to the south ) , and I-475 ( a city bypass highway ) . The city has several institutions of higher education , as well as numerous museums and tourism sites . The area is served by the Middle Georgia Regional Airport and the Herbert Smart Downtown Airport . The mayor of Macon is Robert Reichert , a former Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives . Reichert was elected mayor of the newly consolidated city of Macon-Bibb , and he took office on January 1 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennis_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Six tennis events were contested at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom . Indoor tennis events , on what were officially called 'covered courts ' , were held for the first time , along with the usual outdoor events . Women 's tennis returned , with women 's singles ( but not women 's doubles or mixed doubles ) and indoor women 's singles . The indoor events were held at the covered courts of the Queens Club and began on May 6 , 1908 , ahead of the official start of the Games while the outdoor tournament was played on grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club at Worple Road from July 6 through July 11 , 1908 . In total 50 players , 40 men and 10 women , competed . Five nations made their tennis debuts , while five more returned to competition for a total of ten nations . Two players , Les Poidevin and Wimbledon champion Anthony Wilding were nominated for Australasia but through administrative bungling they were not entered ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puget_Sound", "text": "Puget Sound /ˈpjuːdʒɪt/ is a sound of the Pacific Northwest , an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and part of the Salish Sea . It is located along the northwestern coast of the U.S. state of Washington . It is a complex estuarine system of interconnected marine waterways and basins , with one major and two minor connections to the open Pacific Ocean via the Strait of Juan de Fuca - Admiralty Inlet being the major connection and Deception Pass and Swinomish Channel being the minor . Water flow through Deception Pass is approximately equal to 2% of the total tidal exchange between Puget Sound and the Strait of Juan de Fuca . Puget Sound extends approximately 100 miles ( 160 km ) from Deception Pass in the north to Olympia , Washington in the south . Its average depth is 450 feet ( 140 m ) and its maximum depth , off Jefferson Point between Indianola and Kingston , is 930 feet ( 280 m ) . The depth of the main basin , between the southern tip of Whidbey Island and Tacoma , Washington , is approximately 600 feet ( 180 m ) . In 2009 , the term Salish Sea was established by the United States Board on Geographic Names as the collective waters of Puget Sound , the Strait of Juan de Fuca , and the Strait of Georgia . Sometimes the terms Puget Sound and Puget Sound and adjacent waters are used for not only Puget Sound proper but also for waters to the north , such as Bellingham Bay and the San Juan Islands region . The term Puget Sound is used not just for the body of water but also the Puget Sound region centered on the sound . Major cities on the sound include Seattle , Tacoma , Olympia , and Everett , Washington . Puget Sound is also the third-largest estuary in the United States , after the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland and Virginia , and San Francisco Bay in northern California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Weather_Girls", "text": "The Weather Girls are an American female duo whose best-known line-up comprised Martha Wash and Izora Armstead . Formed in 1976 in San Francisco , California , The Weather Girls members began their musical career as Two Tons O ' Fun , the female backup duo for disco singer Sylvester . After years of limited success singing background for Sylvester , the duo were signed in 1979 to Fantasy Records . The Weather Girls was launched into mainstream recognition following the release of their best-selling single , It 's Raining Men ( 1982 ) , which became their first number-one Dance song . Despite critical and commercial success , the duo struggled to repeat the success of It 's Raining Men and ultimately disbanded after the release of their self-titled fifth album The Weather Girls in 1988 . In 1991 , Armstead reformed the duo with her daughter Dynelle Rhodes . Over the course of a decade , the duo released three albums : Double Tons of Fun ( 1993 ) , Think Big ! , and Puttin ' On The Hits ( 1999 ) . In 2004 , Armstead died and was replaced with Ingrid Arthur in 2005 . Following the release of two albums Totally Wild ! ( 2005 ) and The Woman I Am ( 2009 ) , Arthur left the group and was replaced with Dorrey Lin Lyles in 2012 . The group received a Grammy Award nomination for Best R & B Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal in 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UTEP_Miners_football", "text": "The UTEP Miners football program represents University of Texas at El Paso ( UTEP ) in the sport of American football . The Miners compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the West Division of Conference USA ( CUSA ) . They are currently coached by Dana Dimel . UTEP has produced a Border Conference championship team in 1956 and a Western Athletic Conference championship team in 2000 , along with 14 postseason bowl appearances . The Miners play their home games at the Sun Bowl which has a seating capacity of 51,500 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Loretana", "text": "La Loretana is a Peruvian football club , playing in the city of Pucallpa . The club were founded 1 May 1971 and play in the Copa Perú which is the third division of the Peruvian league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Festival_Trophy", "text": "The Ryanair Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older . It is run on the New Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 2 miles and 4½ furlongs ( 2 miles 4 furlongs and 127 yards , or 4,139 metres ) , and during its running there are seventeen fences to be jumped . The race is scheduled to take place each year during the Cheltenham Festival in March . It was one of several new races introduced at the Festival when a fourth day was added to the meeting in 2005 . Prior to this there had been a similar event at the Festival called the Cathcart Challenge Cup , but this was restricted to first and second-season chasers only . The registered ( non-sponsored ) title of the race is the Festival Trophy , and it was initially classed at Grade 2 level . The inaugural running was sponsored by the Daily Telegraph , and since then it has been backed by Ryanair . The event has held Grade 1 status since 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giacomo_Leone", "text": "Giacomo Leone ( born 10 April 1971 in Francavilla Fontana , Brindisi ) is a retired male long-distance runner from Italy . He set his personal best ( 2:07:52 ) in the marathon on 4 March 2001 in Otsu , Japan . Leone is best known for winning the 1996 edition of the New York City Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catcher", "text": "Catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player . When a batter takes his/her turn to hit , the catcher crouches behind home plate , in front of the ( home ) umpire , and receives the ball from the pitcher . In addition to this primary duty , the catcher is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field the position well . The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket , but in cricket , wicketkeepers are increasingly known for their batting abilities . Positioned behind home plate , the catcher can see the whole field , and is therefore in the best position to direct and lead the other players in a defensive play . The catcher typically calls for pitches using hand signals . The calls are based on the pitcher 's mechanics and strengths , as well as the batter 's tendencies and weaknesses . Foul tips , bouncing balls in the dirt , and contact with runners during plays at the plate are all events to be handled by the catcher , necessitating the use of protective equipment . This includes a mask , chest and throat protectors , shin guards , and a heavily padded catcher 's mitt . Because the position requires a comprehensive understanding of the game 's strategies , the pool of former catchers yields a disproportionate number of managers in both Major League Baseball and Minor League Baseball , including such prominent examples as Connie Mack , Steve O'Neill , Al López , Mike Scioscia , and Joe Torre . The physical and mental demands of being involved on every defensive play can wear catchers down over a long season , and can have a negative effect on their offensive output . Because of the strategic defensive importance of catching , if a catcher has exceptional defensive skills , teams are often willing to overlook their relative offensive weaknesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northampton", "text": "Northampton /nɔːrˈθæmptən/ ( listen ) is a large market town and the county town of Northamptonshire in the East Midlands of England . It lies on the River Nene , 60 miles ( 97 km ) north-west of London and 50 miles ( 80 km ) south-east of Birmingham . One of the largest towns in England , it had a population of 212,100 at the 2011 census ( 223,000 est . 2019 ) . Northampton is also home to Northampton Cathedral which is an established cathedral for the Diocese of Northampton . Archaeological evidence of settlement in the area dates to the Bronze Age , Romans and Anglo-Saxons . In the Middle Ages , the town rose to national significance with the establishment of Northampton Castle , an occasional royal residence which regularly hosted the Parliament of England . Medieval Northampton had many churches , monasteries and the University of Northampton , all enclosed by the town walls . It was granted a town charter by Richard I in 1189 and a mayor was appointed by King John in 1215 . The town was also the site of two medieval battles , in 1264 and 1460 . Northampton supported the Parliamentary Roundheads in the English Civil War , and Charles II ordered the destruction of the town walls and most of the castle . The Great Fire of Northampton in 1675 destroyed much of the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Radio_LaB", "text": "Radio LaB , formerly Luton FM is a student radio station , managed , produced and presented by students at the Luton town centre campus of the University of Bedfordshire in Luton , Bedfordshire ( formerly known as the University of Luton ) . Radio LaB stands for Radio Luton and Bedfordshire . Radio LaB is now a full-time radio station with a community licence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vienna", "text": "Vienna ( /viˈɛnə/ ( listen ) ; German : Wien [ viːn ] ( listen ) ) is the national capital , largest city , and one of nine states of Austria . Vienna is Austria 's most populous city , with about 1.9 million inhabitants ( 2.6 million within the metropolitan area , nearly one third of the country 's population ) , and its cultural , economic , and political centre . It is the 6th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union . Until the beginning of the 20th century , it was the largest German-speaking city in the world , and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I , the city had 2 million inhabitants . Today , it is the second-largest German-speaking city after Berlin . Vienna is host to many major international organizations , including the United Nations , OPEC , and the OSCE . The city is located in the eastern part of Austria and is close to the borders of Czechia , Slovakia , and Hungary . These regions work together in a European Centrope border region . Along with nearby Bratislava , Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants . In 2001 , the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site . In July 2017 it was moved to the list of World Heritage in Danger . Additionally to being known as the City of Music due to its musical legacy , Vienna is also said to be the City of Dreams , because of it being home to the world 's first psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lighter_Than_Hare", "text": "Lighter Than Hare is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short that Friz Freleng wrote and directed . It was originally released on December 17 , 1960 . The title is a play on the phrase lighter than air . It was one of three Bugs cartoons that Freleng both wrote and directed , the others being From Hare to Heir ( 1960 ) and Devil 's Feud Cake ( 1963 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coronation_Street", "text": "Coronation Street ( often referred to as Corrie ) is a British soap opera created by Granada Television and shown on ITV since 9 December 1960 . The programme centres on Coronation Street in Weatherfield , a fictional town based on inner-city Salford . In the show 's fictional history , the street was built in 1902 and named in honour of the coronation of King Edward VII . The series typically airs six times a week : Monday , Wednesday and Friday 7:30-8 pm and 8:30-9 pm . Since 2017 , ten sequential classic episodes of the series dated from 1986 onwards have been broadcast weekly on ITV3 . The programme was conceived in 1960 by scriptwriter Tony Warren at Granada Television in Manchester . Warren 's initial proposal was rejected by the station 's founder Sidney Bernstein , but he was persuaded by producer Harry Elton to produce the programme for 13 pilot episodes . Within six months of the show 's first broadcast , it had become the most-watched programme on British television , and is now a significant part of British culture . Coronation Street is made by ITV Granada at MediaCityUK and shown in all ITV regions , as well as internationally . On 17 September 2010 , it became the world 's longest-running television soap opera and was listed in Guinness World Records . On 23 September 2015 , Coronation Street was broadcast live to mark ITV 's sixtieth anniversary . Influenced by the conventions of kitchen sink realism , Coronation Street is noted for its depiction of a down-to-earth , working-class community , combined with light-hearted humour and strong characters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amuria_District", "text": "Amuria District is a district in the Eastern Region of Uganda . The town of Amuria is the site of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australia", "text": "Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania , and numerous smaller islands . It is the largest country in Oceania and the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The population of 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest city is Sydney . The country 's other major metropolitan areas are Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . Indigenous Australians inhabited the continent for about 65,000 years prior to the first arrival of Dutch explorers in the early 17th century , who named it New Holland . In 1770 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 , a date which became Australia 's national day . The population grew steadily in subsequent decades , and by the time of an 1850s gold rush , most of the continent had been explored and an additional five self-governing crown colonies established . On 1 January 1901 , the six colonies federated , forming the Commonwealth of Australia . Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy , comprising six states and ten territories . Australia is the oldest , flattest , and driest inhabited continent , with the least fertile soils . It has a landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometres ( 2,941,300 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulsan_Munsu_Football_Stadium", "text": "The Ulsan Munsu Stadium , nicknamed Big Crown Stadium , is a stadium in Ulsan in South Korea . It is home to the Ulsan Hyundai FC . The stadium was built from 18 December 1998 to 28 April 2001 and its total cost was 151.4 billion won ( US $ 116.5 million ) . Located in a major industrial city , the Ulsan Munsu football Stadium contains both mechanical and environment-friendly imagery . The overall shape of the stadium is in the shape of skull crown that symbolizes Silla and Bangudae Petroglyphs . The stadium has three floors and 2 basement floors and a seating capacity of 44,102 . There is also an auxiliary stadium with 2,590 seats . Next to the stadium is Munsu Park with a lake , a fountain and bicycle courses , lakeside square . It replaced Ulsan Complex Stadium . The venue hosted several 2002 FIFA World Cup matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas", "text": "Texas ( /ˈtɛksəs/ , locally /ˈtɛksɪz/ ; Spanish : Texas or Tejas , pronounced [ ˈtexas ] ( listen ) ) is the second largest state in the United States by area ( after Alaska ) and population ( after California ) . Located in the South Central region , Texas shares borders with the states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , and has a coastline with the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast . Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth largest in the U.S. , while San Antonio is the second-most populous in the state and seventh largest in the U.S. Dallas-Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country , respectively . Other major cities include Austin , the second-most populous state capital in the U.S. , and El Paso . Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State for its former status as an independent republic , and as a reminder of the state 's struggle for independence from Mexico . The Lone Star can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal . The origin of Texas 's name is from the word taysha , which means friends in the Caddo language . Due to its size and geologic features such as the Balcones Fault , Texas contains diverse landscapes common to both the U.S. Southern and Southwestern regions . Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10% of Texas 's land area is desert . Most of the population centers are in areas of former prairies , grasslands , forests , and the coastline . Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend . The term six flags over Texas [ note 1 ] refers to several nations that have ruled over the territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tactical_RPG", "text": "Tactical role-playing games ( abbreviated as TRPG ) are a genre of video game which incorporates elements of traditional role-playing video games with that of tactical games , emphasizing tactics rather than high-level strategy . The format of a tactical RPG video game is much like a traditional tabletop role-playing game in its appearance , pacing and rule structure . Likewise , early tabletop role-playing games are descended from skirmish wargames like Chainmail , which were primarily concerned with combat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Falcón", "text": "Falcón State ( Spanish : Estado Falcón , IPA : [ esˈtaðo falˈkon ] ) is one of the 23 states ( estados ) that constitute Venezuela . The state capital is Coro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ghetuputra_Komola", "text": "Ghetuputra Komola ( Bengali : ঘেটুপুত্র কমলা , Gheṭuputro Kômola , Pleasure Boy Komola ) is a 2012 Bangladeshi musical film written and directed by Humayun Ahmed and produced by Impress Telefilm Limited . The film is Humayan Ahmed 's last film before his death . The film was selected as the Bangladeshi entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards , but it did not make the final shortlist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Ridgely", "text": "Fort Ridgely was a United States Army outpost ( 1853-1867 ) near the Dakota reservation in southwestern Minnesota ( located near Fairfax ) . Built between 1853-1854 , it was named for three officers named Ridgely who were killed in the Mexican-American War . The fort played an important role in the Dakota War of 1862 . The Battle of Fort Ridgely was fought there in two engagements over August 20-22 , 1862 between Army volunteers and refugees from the Minnesota River valley , and Dakota forces . The Army abandoned the fort in 1867 and moved westward . Civilians occupied the remaining buildings and later dismantled the structures for their own use . Today the building foundations are preserved by the Nicollet County Historical Society and owned by the Minnesota Historical Society within the boundaries of Fort Ridgely State Park . The old commissary building ( partially reconstructed by the Veteran Conservation Corps in the 1930s ) now houses the museum . The fort was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 , while much of the park was added in 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBN-FM", "text": "CBN-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador at 106.9 MHz . The station was launched in 1975 . It is part of the CBC 's CBC Music network . Local programming is limited to weather updates and a pre-broadcast of the local Radio One station 's Saturday afternoon cultural program , The Performance Hour , on Saturdays at 11:30 a.m . The latter airs primarily to fill time , as some Saturday afternoon programs are timed to air live in both the Atlantic and Eastern time zones . Among CBC Music stations , only CBN-FM and Halifax 's CBH-FM air any long-form local programming of this type ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBW_(AM)", "text": "CBW is the call sign of the CBC Radio One station in Winnipeg , Manitoba . The station broadcasts at 990 kHz ( AM ) . CBW is a Class A Clear-channel station reserved for Canada under the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement allocations . CBW 's studios are located on Portage Avenue in Downtown Winnipeg , while its transmitters are located near Beaudry Provincial Park in Springstein . Due to the station 's transmitter power and Manitoba 's mostly flat land ( with near-perfect ground conductivity ) , it reaches almost all of southern Manitoba during the day and much of the middle portion of North America at night . In addition , the station is simulcast on a low-power FM station at 89.3 MHz ( with a transmitter atop Bell MTS Place Main , also in Downtown Winnipeg ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charleston_Southern_Buccaneers_men's_basketball", "text": "The Charleston Southern Buccaneers men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents Charleston Southern University in North Charleston , South Carolina , United States . The school 's team currently competes in the Big South Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avro_Anson", "text": "The Avro Anson is a British twin-engined , multi-role aircraft built by the aircraft manufacturer Avro . Large numbers of the type served in a variety of roles for the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) , Fleet Air Arm ( FAA ) , Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) and numerous other air forces before , during , and after the Second World War . Initially known as the Avro 652A , the Anson was developed during the mid-1930s from the earlier Avro 652 airliner in response to a request for tenders issued by the British Air Ministry for a maritime reconnaissance aircraft . Having suitably impressed the Ministry , a single prototype was ordered , which conducted its maiden flight on 24 March 1935 . Following an evaluation in which the Type 652A bettered the competing de Havilland DH.89 , it was selected as the winner , leading to Air Ministry Specification 18/35 being written around the type and an initial order for 174 aircraft being ordered in July 1935 . The Type 652A was promptly named after British Admiral George Anson . The type was placed into service with the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) and was initially used in the envisioned maritime reconnaissance operation alongside the larger flying boats . After the outbreak of the Second World War the Anson was soon found to have become obsolete in front line combat roles . Large numbers of the type were instead put to use as a multi-engined aircrew trainer , having been found to be suitable for the role , and became the mainstay of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan . The type continued to be used in this role throughout and after the conflict , remaining in RAF service as a trainer and communications aircraft until 28 June 1968 . During the post-war climate , the Anson was increasingly produced for the civil market , being used as a light transport and executive aircraft . By the end of production in 1952 , a total of 8,138 Ansons had been constructed by Avro in nine variants ; in addition , a further 2,882 aircraft were manufactured by Federal Aircraft Ltd in Canada from 1941 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baltimore", "text": "Baltimore ( /ˈbɔːltɪmɔːr/ BAWL-tim-or , locally : /ˈbɔːlmər/ ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maryland , as well as the 30th most populous city in the United States , with a population of 602,495 in 2018 and also the largest such independent city in the country . Baltimore was established by the Constitution of Maryland as an independent city in 1729 . As of 2017 , the population of the Baltimore metropolitan area was estimated to be just under 2.802 million , making it the 21st largest metropolitan area in the country . Baltimore is located about 40 miles ( 64 km ) northeast of Washington , D.C. , making it a principal city in the Washington-Baltimore combined statistical area ( CSA ) , the fourth-largest CSA in the nation , with a calculated 2018 population of 9,797,063 . The city 's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States . In addition , Baltimore was a major manufacturing center . After a decline in major manufacturing , heavy industry , and restructuring of the rail industry , Baltimore has shifted to a service-oriented economy . Johns Hopkins Hospital ( founded 1889 ) and Johns Hopkins University ( founded 1876 ) are the city 's top two employers . With hundreds of identified districts , Baltimore has been dubbed a city of neighborhoods . Famous residents have included writers Edgar Allan Poe , Edith Hamilton , Frederick Douglass , W.E.B . Du Bois , Ogden Nash , Gertrude Stein , F. Scott Fitzgerald , Dashiell Hammett , Upton Sinclair , Tom Clancy , Ta-Nehisi Coates , and H. L. Mencken ; musicians James Eubie Blake , Billie Holiday , Cab Calloway , Tori Amos , Frank Zappa , Tupac Shakur , Dan Deacon , Robbie Basho , Bill Frisell , Philip Glass , Cass Elliot , and Ric Ocasek ; actors and filmmakers John Waters , Barry Levinson , Divine , David Hasselhoff , Don Messick , John Kassir , Jada Pinkett Smith , and Mo'Nique ; artist Jeff Koons ; baseball player Babe Ruth ; swimmer Michael Phelps ; radio host Ira Glass ; television host Mike Rowe ; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ; Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi ; and United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson . During the War of 1812 , Francis Scott Key wrote The Star-Spangled Banner in Baltimore after the bombardment of Fort McHenry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics_–_Men's_individual_pursuit", "text": "The Men 's individual pursuit events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 30 August-1 September at London Velopark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix", "text": "Jordan Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor that competed from 1991 to 2005 . The team is named after Irish businessman and founder Eddie Jordan . Jordan and his team were well known for an easygoing attitude which added colour and character to Formula One in the 1990s . The team was based at Silverstone , UK but raced with the Irish licence . In early 2005 , the team was sold to Midland Group , who competed for one final season as 'Jordan ' , before renaming the team as MF1 Racing for the 2006 season , before being sold later in 2006 to Dutch car manufacturer Spyker to become Spyker F1 for 2007 , and then sold again to become Force India in 2008 . In 2018 , as a result of the financial collapse of the Force India team , and its subsequent buyout by a consortium led by Lawrence Stroll , the team 's FIA entry was not transferred , and the Jordan Grand Prix 's original entry was finally excluded from the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pahang_FA", "text": "Pahang Football Club ( Malay : Kelab Bolasepak Pahang ) is a Malaysian professional football club based in Kuantan , Pahang . The association was found in 1959 to represent the state itself and has traditionally worn a yellow home kit since . In the beginning , their early home matches were held around the city public fields and outside Kuantan , predominantly around districts of Pahang . The lowest point of the club was in 2012 , as they association had been relegated to the Liga Premier . With the collective morale support from the players and the fans , Pahang FA came back from the abyss to the Liga Super in 2013 after winning the play-off match against Kedah FA , just one season after being relegated . Pahang FA nominated Abdul Azim to challenge Hamidin Amin for the FAM Presidency , as reported in a FOX Sports Asia article ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barsaat_Ki_Raat", "text": "Barsaat Ki Raat ( transl . A Rainy Night ) is a 1960 Bollywood film starring Bharat Bhushan , Madhubala , Shyama , Mumtaz Begum and K.N . Singh . It was directed by P. L. Santoshi . This film was released in black-and-white . It became particularly popular for its qawwali songs and was one of the biggest hits at the box office in 1960 . This was music director Roshan 's biggest musical success ; almost all the film songs became hits . Barsaat Ki Raat was also one of the last films to star celebrated actress Madhubala ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winx_Club_(season_6)", "text": "The sixth season of Winx Club premiered on Nickelodeon in the United States on 29 September 2013 and on Rai 2 in Italy on 6 January 2014 . This season focuses mainly on the Trix allying with Selina , a young witch from Earth who has just enrolled at Cloud Tower as a freshman student , and who is an old childhood best friend of Bloom 's . The Winx must earn two new fairy transformations : Bloomix ( which is derived from Bloom 's almighty Dragon Fire powers ) , and Mythix to lock the Legendarium book once and for all . In order to do so , they must also find Eldora , the fairy godmother , who , like Bloom , has quite a close connection with Selina , and the only one who knows how to seal the Legendarium for eternity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BSU_Pavilion", "text": "ExtraMile Arena ( formerly BSU Pavilion from 1982 to 2004 and Taco Bell Arena from 2004 to 2019 ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the western United States , on the campus of Boise State University in Boise , Idaho . The arena is located on the east end of campus , between West Campus Lane and César Chávez Circle , immediately northwest of Albertsons Stadium . It is home to the Broncos basketball , wrestling , and gymnastics teams , with a current seating capacity of 12,644 for basketball . The elevation of its floor is approximately 2,700 feet ( 825 m ) above sea level . The venue is also used for concerts ( capacity 13,390 ) , community events , and trade shows ( 17,000 square feet ( 1,580 m2 ) of arena floor space plus 10,000 sq ft ( 930 m2 ) in the auxiliary gym ) . It hosted a Davis Cup tennis match in April 2013 , a second-round tie between the U.S. and Serbia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Academy_Award_for_Best_Actress", "text": "The Academy Award for Best Actress is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) . It is given in honor of an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry . The award is traditionally presented by the previous year 's Best Actor winner . The 1st Academy Awards ceremony was held in 1929 with Janet Gaynor receiving the award for her roles in 7th Heaven , Street Angel , and Sunrise . Currently , nominees are determined by single transferable vote within the actors branch of AMPAS ; winners are selected by a plurality vote from the entire eligible voting members of the Academy . In the first three years of the awards , actresses were nominated as the best in their categories . At that time , all of their work during the qualifying period ( as many as three films , in some cases ) was listed after the award . However , during the 3rd ceremony held in 1930 , only one of those films was cited in each winner 's final award , even though each of the acting winners had two films following their names on the ballots . The following year , this unwieldy and confusing system was replaced by the current system in which an actress is nominated for a specific performance in a single film . Starting with the 9th ceremony held in 1937 , the category was officially limited to five nominations per year . One actress has been nominated posthumously , Jeanne Eagels . Since its inception , the award has been given to 76 actresses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicole_O'Brian", "text": "Claudia Nicole O'Brian ( born August 10 , 1982 ) is a former beauty queen and reality television show contestant from Friendswood , Texas , who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants . O'Brian was crowned Miss Texas Teen USA 2000 in a state pageant held Thanksgiving weekend 1999 in Houston , Texas . She had placed third runner-up to Misty Giles the year previously . In August 2000 , O'Brian competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant held in Shreveport , Louisiana , where she became the third Texas teen in succession to make the semi-finals . O'Brian won the swimsuit portion of the semi-final competition ( 9.34 ) , and was third in evening gown ( 9.33 ) , and had the highest average combined score going into the final round . In that section , she slipped to third behind Kristen Johnson of Kentucky and Jillian Parry of Pennsylvania . At the conclusion of the competition , O'Brian finished 1st runner-up to Parry , Texas ' highest placement since 1996 when Christie Lee Woods was crowned Miss Teen USA . She gave up her Texas title to Katherine Perallo later that year . Only eight months later , O'Brian competed in the Miss Texas USA 2002 pageant as Miss Southeast Texas USA but did not place . The following year won the Miss Bay Area USA title and went on to win the Miss Texas USA 2003 crown , in Lubbock , Texas , on July 15 , 2002 . She was only 19 at the time , one of the youngest titleholders in the history of the pageant . She was only the third person to win both the Teen and Miss titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea", "text": "South Korea ( Korean : 한국/韓國 ; RR : Hanguk or literally 남한/南韓 ; RR : Namhan ) , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국/大韓民國 ; RR : Daehan Minguk ) is a country in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea . The name Korea is derived from Goguryeo , which was one of the great powers in East Asia during its time , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula , Manchuria , parts of the Russian Far East and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Its capital , Seoul , is a major global city and half of South Korea 's over 51 million people live in the Seoul Capital Area , the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world . The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period . Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BC . Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century , Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty ( 918-1392 ) and the Joseon dynasty ( 1392-1897 ) . The succeeding Korean Empire was annexed into the Empire of Japan in 1910 . After World War II , Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S.-administered zones , with the latter becoming the Republic of Korea in August 1948 . In 1950 , a North Korean invasion began the Korean War and after its end in 1953 , the country 's economy began to soar , recording the fastest rise in average GDP per capita in the world between 1980 and 1990 . Authoritarian rule ended in 1987 and the country is now the most advanced democracy with the highest level of press freedom in Asia . South Korea is a member of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , the G20 and the Paris Club . South Korea is a highly developed country and the world 's 12th-largest economy by nominal GDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Huskies_women's_basketball", "text": "The Washington Huskies women 's basketball team represents the University of Washington in NCAA Division I college basketball competing in the Pac-12 Conference . Their home games are played at Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion , located in Seattle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/President_of_Kiribati", "text": "The president of Kiribati ( Beretitenti in I-Kiribati ) is the head of state and head of government of Kiribati . Following a general election , by which citizens elect the members of the House of Assembly , members select from their midst not less than 3 nor more than 4 candidates for the presidency . No other person may stand as candidate . The citizens of Kiribati then elect the president from among the proposed candidates with first-past-the-post voting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Girl", "text": "New Girl is an American television sitcom created by Elizabeth Meriwether for the Fox Broadcasting Company that originally aired between 2011 and 2018 . Under the working title Chicks & Dicks , the series revolves around a kooky teacher , Jess ( Zooey Deschanel ) , after she moves into a Los Angeles loft with three men , Nick ( Jake Johnson ) , Schmidt ( Max Greenfield ) , and Winston ( Lamorne Morris ) ; Jess ' best friend Cece ( Hannah Simone ) is also part of the series . The show combines comedy and drama elements as the characters , who are in their early thirties , deal with maturing relationships and career choices . New Girl is a joint production between Elizabeth Meriwether Pictures and 20th Century Fox Television and syndicated by 20th Television . Produced in Los Angeles as a single-camera comedy , New Girl is an ensemble show aimed at a general audience . Most episodes are anchored around Jess , who , according to series creator Meriwether , would have played a side character on other shows . The show 's first marketing push was on Zooey Deschanel and the promotional tagline Simply Adorkable . The producers rejected early criticism of Jess 's girlishness , insisting that Jess was not meant to be emblematic of all women . Instead , they aimed to portray realistic , emotionally driven characters and to approach the show from that angle rather than simply firing off punchlines . New Girl received favorable responses from critics and was named one of the best new comedies of the 2011 fall season . The pilot episode drew 10.28 million U.S. viewers and a 4.8 adults 18-49 demo rating , making it the highest-rated fall debut for a Fox scripted show since 2001 . Particular praise has been given to the performances of Deschanel , Greenfield , Johnson and Morris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joannie_Rochette", "text": "Joannie Rochette ( born January 13 , 1986 ) is a Canadian figure skater . She is the 2010 Olympic bronze medallist , the 2009 World silver medallist , the 2008 and 2009 Four Continents silver medallist , the 2004 Grand Prix Final bronze medallist , and a six-time ( 2005-10 ) Canadian national champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_George's_Church,_Carrington", "text": "St George 's Church is in the village of Carrington , Trafford , Greater Manchester , England . It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building , but is now redundant and in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust . It stands in a relatively isolated position south of the Manchester Ship Canal , along the northern edge of the Carrington Moss industrial estate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goat_Rock_Lake", "text": "Goat Rock Lake is a 940-acre ( 3.8 km2 ) reservoir on the Chattahoochee River , which lies directly south of Bartlett 's Ferry Dam ( Lake Harding ) and north of Lake Oliver . The lake is created by the Goat Rock Dam and Generating Plant . The name of the dam and lake date to the construction of the dam in 1912 . Reportedly , construction workers saw goats jumping onto rocks in the river . The reservoir is extremely riverine and little more than a holding lake for hydroelectric generation for Georgia Power . Access to the lake is limited with one marina on the Georgia side and one on the Alabama side . Goat Rock has almost no recreational activity , but it is well-known among locals for fishing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Appalachian_State_University", "text": "Appalachian State University /ˌæpəˈlætʃən/ ( Appalachian , App State , App , or ASU ) is a public university in Boone , North Carolina . It was founded as a teachers college in 1899 by brothers B.B . and D.D . Dougherty and D.D.s wife , Lillie Shull Dougherty . The university expanded to include other programs in 1967 and joined the University of North Carolina System in 1971 . The university is part of the University of North Carolina System and enrolls more than 19,000 students . It offers more than 150 bachelor 's degrees and 70 graduate degree programs , including two doctoral programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2002", "text": "The 3rd Annual Latin Grammys were held in Los Angeles at the Kodak Theatre on Wednesday , September 18 , 2002 . Alejandro Sanz was the night 's big winner winning a total of three awards including Album of the Year . The ceremony returned in style after the 2001 ceremony was cancelled because of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks across America , and all presenters apologized to viewers during the broadcast for such ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China", "text": "China ( Chinese : 中国 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó ) , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a country in East Asia and is the world 's most populous country , with a population of around 1.428 billion in 2017 . Covering approximately 9,600,000 square kilometers ( 3,700,000 sq mi ) , it is the third largest country by area . [ j ] Governed by the Communist Party of China , the state exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , [ k ] five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau . China emerged as one of the world 's first civilizations , in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain . For millennia , China 's political system was based on hereditary monarchies , or dynasties , beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty in 21st century BCE . Since then , China has expanded , fractured , and re-unified numerous times . In the 3rd century BCE , the Qin reunited core China and established the first Chinese empire . The succeeding Han dynasty , which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE , saw some of the most advanced technology at that time , including papermaking and the compass , along with agricultural and medical improvements . The invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) and Northern Song ( 960-1127 ) completed the Four Great Inventions . Tang culture spread widely in Asia , as the new Silk Route brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa . Dynastic rule ended in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution , when the Republic of China ( ROC ) replaced the Qing dynasty . China , as a whole , was ravaged by feudal warlordism and Japan during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edinburgh_Central_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Edinburgh Central was a burgh constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( at Westminster ) from 1885 to 2005 . It elected one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election . In 1999 , a Scottish Parliament constituency was created with the same name and boundaries , and continues in use . See Edinburgh Central ( Scottish Parliament constituency ) . From 1925 until 1999 , the Member of Parliament for the Westminster constituency was an ex officio member of the Board of Trustees of the National Library of Scotland . Since 1999 , that role has been taken by the Member of the Scottish Parliament ( MSP ) for the Scottish Parliament constituency . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_(U.S._state)", "text": "Georgia ( /ˈdʒɔːrdʒə/ ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . Georgia is the 24th largest in area and 8th-most populous of the 50 United States . Georgia is bordered to the north by Tennessee and North Carolina , to the northeast by South Carolina , to the southeast by the Atlantic Ocean , to the south by Florida , and to the west by Alabama . Its 2019 estimated population was 10,617,423 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Atlanta , a beta ( + ) global city , is both the state 's capital and its largest city . The Atlanta metropolitan area , with an estimated population of 5.9 million people in 2018 , is the 9th most populous metropolitan area in the United States and contains about 56% of the entire state population . Founded in 1733 as a British colony , Georgia was the last and southernmost of the original Thirteen Colonies to be established . Named after King George II of Great Britain , the Colony of Georgia covered the area from South Carolina south to Spanish Florida and west to French Louisiana at the Mississippi River . On January 2 , 1788 , Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the United States Constitution . From 1802 to 1804 , western Georgia was split to form the Mississippi Territory , which later was admitted as the U.S. states of Alabama and Mississippi . Georgia declared its secession from the Union on January 19 , 1861 , and was one of the original seven Confederate States . Following the Civil War , it was the last state to be restored to the Union , on July 15 , 1870 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gospel_of_Thomas", "text": "The Gospel of Thomas ( also known as the Coptic Gospel of Thomas ) is a non-canonical sayings gospel . It was discovered near Nag Hammadi , Egypt , in December 1945 among a group of books known as the Nag Hammadi library . Scholars speculate that the works were buried in response to a letter from Bishop Athanasius declaring a strict canon of Christian scripture . Scholars have proposed dates of composition as early as 60 AD and as late as 140 AD . The Coptic-language text , the second of seven contained in what modern-day scholars have designated as Codex II , is composed of 114 sayings attributed to Jesus . Almost half of these sayings resemble those found in the canonical gospels , while it is speculated that the other sayings were added from Gnostic tradition . Its place of origin may have been Syria , where Thomasine traditions were strong . The introduction states : These are the hidden words that the living Jesus spoke and Didymos Judas Thomas wrote them down . Didymus ( Greek ) and Thomas ( Aramaic ) both mean twin . The text 's authorship by Thomas the Apostle is rejected by modern scholars . It is possible that the document originated within a school of early Christians , possibly proto-Gnostics . Some critics further state that even the description of Thomas as a gnostic gospel is based upon little other than the fact that it was found along with gnostic texts at Nag Hammadi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silliman_College", "text": "Silliman College is a residential college at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , named for scientist and Yale professor Benjamin Silliman . It opened in September 1940 as the last of the original ten residential colleges , and contains buildings constructed as early as 1901 . Silliman is Yale 's largest residential college by its footprint , occupying most of a city block . Due to its size , the college is able to house its freshmen in the college instead of on Yale 's Old Campus . The college 's architecture is eclectic : though architect Otto Eggers completed most of the college with Georgian buildings , the college also incorporates two early-20th century buildings in the French Renaissance and Gothic Revival styles . The College has links to Harvard 's Pforzheimer House and Dudley House , as well as Trinity College , Cambridge and Brasenose College , Oxford . Its rival college at Yale is Timothy Dwight College , located directly across Temple Street ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bang_Bang_(will.i.am_song)", "text": "Bang Bang is a song recorded by American producer and rapper will.i.am featuring the vocals of Shelby Spalione . The single features as the third track on the soundtrack album of the 2013 Baz Luhrmann film The Great Gatsby . Bang Bang is also featured on the deluxe edition of will.i.am 's fourth studio album # willpower . The song peaked within the top ten of the charts in Belgium ( Wallonia ) and the United Kingdom . In the latter country , will.i.am is a coach on the country 's version of The Voice and an alternate version of the song featuring vocals from Leah McFall - the runner-up on season two of the show - is included on the compilation Now 86 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guadalajara_metropolitan_area", "text": "The Guadalajara metropolitan area ( officially , in Spanish : Zona Metropolitana de Guadalajara ) is the most populous metropolitan area of the Mexican state of Jalisco and the second largest in the country after Greater Mexico City . It includes the core municipality of Guadalajara and the surrounding municipalities of Zapopan , Tlaquepaque , Tonalá , Tlajomulco de Zúñiga , El Salto , Ixtlahuacán de los Membrillos and Juanacatlán ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Folk_rock", "text": "Folk rock is a hybrid music genre combining elements of folk music and rock music , which arose in the United States , Canada , and the United Kingdom in the mid-1960s . In the U.S. , folk rock emerged from the folk music revival and the influence that the Beatles and other British Invasion bands had on members of that movement . Performers such as Bob Dylan and the Byrds - several of whose members had earlier played in folk ensembles - attempted to blend the sounds of rock with their pre-existing folk repertoire , adopting the use of electric instrumentation and drums in a way previously discouraged in the U.S. folk community . The term folk rock was initially used in the U.S. music press in June 1965 to describe the Byrds ' music . The commercial success of the Byrds ' cover version of Dylan 's Mr. Tambourine Man and their debut album of the same name , along with Dylan 's own recordings with rock instrumentation - on the albums Bringing It All Back Home ( 1965 ) , Highway 61 Revisited ( 1965 ) , and Blonde on Blonde ( 1966 ) - encouraged other folk acts , such as Simon & Garfunkel , to use electric backing on their records and new groups , such as Buffalo Springfield , to form . Dylan 's controversial appearance at the Newport Folk Festival on 25 July 1965 , where he was backed by an electric band , was also a pivotal moment in the development of the genre . During the late 1960s in Britain and Europe , a distinct , eclectic British folk rock style was created by Pentangle , Fairport Convention and Alan Stivell . Inspired by British psychedelic folk and the North American style of folk rock , British folk rock bands began to incorporate elements of traditional British folk music into their repertoire , leading to other variants , including the overtly English folk rock of the Albion Band and Celtic rock ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Faizol_Nazlin_Sayuti", "text": "Faizol Nazlin bin Sayuti ( born 27 October 1992 ) is a Malaysian footballer who mainly plays as centre-back but sometimes as a defensive midfielder . He is also the captain of 2013 Kelantan President Cup Team that is the champion Malaysia President Cup after winning in the final against Perak President Cup Team 2-1 . He later loaned to Sabah on 2015 for a season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Masonic_Temple_(Salina,_Kansas)", "text": "The Masonic Temple in Salina , Kansas is a monumental Classical Revival-style building completed in 1927 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 . It is 125 by 170 feet ( 38 m × 52 m ) in plan and is built of reinforced concrete . It is clad in limestone and marble . It was designed by Oklahoma City architect William T. Schmitt . Two years into its construction , the structure collapsed , and Schmitt was replaced by Isaac L. Zerbe of the firm Wilmarth & Zerbe , and apparently the contractor freely consulted both plans in completing the construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1996 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , began on April 16 , 1996 . The 16 teams that qualified ( 8 from each conference ) played best-of-seven series for conference quarterfinals , semifinals and championships , and then the conference champions played a best-of-seven series for the Stanley Cup . These playoffs are noted as being the first playoffs in which all Canadian teams were eliminated during the first round . The New Jersey Devils , who had won the Stanley Cup the year before , failed to qualify for these playoffs . This was the first time that both Florida teams - the Florida Panthers and Tampa Bay Lightning - made it to the playoffs . The playoffs ended on June 10 with the Colorado Avalanche sweeping the Florida Panthers in both teams ' first-ever Finals appearance . It was Colorado 's first-ever Stanley Cup championship in their inaugural season after relocating from Quebec City prior to the start of the regular season ; in the previous years , they were known as the Quebec Nordiques . Joe Sakic was named playoff MVP and awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy . For the second time in three years and the last time until 2013 , all of the Original Six teams reached the playoffs . This is also the last time all three California-based teams missed the playoffs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chalti_Ka_Naam_Gaadi", "text": "Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi ( transl . That Which Moves Is Called a Car ) is a 1958 Indian comedy film . The film featured Kishore Kumar , his two brothers Anoop Kumar and Ashok Kumar , and Madhubala . Kishore Kumar sang many of the songs in the film , along with Asha Bhosle . The music was composed by S. D. Burman , and the lyrics were written by Majrooh Sultanpuri . The success of the film led the brothers to act in another comedy titled Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi ( That Which Grows Is a Beard ) to rhyme with the name of this film . The film was remade in Marathi in 2006 as Saade Maade Teen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996_NFL_season", "text": "The 1996 NFL season was the 77th regular season of the National Football League and the season was marked by notable controversies from beginning to end . The season ended with Super Bowl XXXI when the Green Bay Packers defeated the New England Patriots 35-21 at the Louisiana Superdome ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Chinese_Super_League", "text": "The 2004 Chinese Super League is the debut season of the establishment of the Chinese Football Association Super League ( 中国足球协会超级联赛 or 中超 ) , also known as the Chinese Super League . Sponsored by Siemens Mobile it is the eleventh season of professional association football league and the 43rd top-tier league season in China . The premier football league in China under the auspices of the Chinese Football Association the season started on May 15 and ended December 4 where it was planned that no teams would be relegated at the end of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thure_Andersson", "text": "Thure Andersson ( 1907 - 1976 ) was a Swedish wrestler . He was born in Ölme . He won an Olympic silver medal in Freestyle wrestling in 1936 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bukhara", "text": "Bukhara ( Uzbek : Buxoro ; Persian : بخارا ) is a city in Uzbekistan . Bukhara is rich in historical sites , with about 140 architectural monuments . The nation 's fifth-largest city , it had a population of 247,644 as of 31 August 2016 [ update ] . But according to the Statistics of OzStatQom Department the City is the second largest after Tashkent by number of people who migrate . Number of daily migrants is 4,752,000 as of 22nd April 2018 . People have inhabited the region around Bukhara for at least five millennia , and the city has existed for half that time . The mother tongue of the majority of people of Bukhara is Tajik . Located on the Silk Road , the city has long served as a center of trade , scholarship , culture , and religion . UNESCO has listed the historic center of Bukhara ( which contains numerous mosques and madrasas ) as a World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raziel_Reid", "text": "Raziel Reid is a Canadian writer , whose debut young adult novel When Everything Feels Like the Movies won the Governor General 's Award for English-language children 's literature at the 2014 Governor General 's Awards . The novel , inspired in part by the 2008 murder of gay teenager Lawrence Fobes King , was published by Arsenal Pulp Press in 2014 . Its launch was marked with a national book tour with Vivek Shraya , who was simultaneously promoting her new book She of the Mountains . A graduate of the New York Film Academy , Reid is a former blogger and columnist for Xtra Vancouver . When Everything Feels Like the Movies was selected for inclusion in the 2015 edition of Canada Reads , where it was defended by blogger and broadcaster Elaine Lui . It was also nominated for a Lambda Literary Award for LGBT Children's/Young Adult Literature at the 27th Lambda Literary Awards , and for Publishing Triangle 's Ferro-Grumley Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Sylvina", "text": "Santa Sylvina is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Fray Justo Santa María del Oro Department . The town was established in 1944 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Long_(baseball)", "text": "Robert Earl Long is a former Major League Baseball pitcher . He had two separate stints in the majors , four years apart . Long appeared in five games for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1981 , then after three seasons in the minors , made 28 appearances for the Seattle Mariners in 1985 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/On_the_Road_(2012_film)", "text": "On the Road ( French : Sur la route ) is a 2012 adventure drama film directed by Walter Salles . It is an adaptation of Jack Kerouac 's 1957 novel On the Road and stars an ensemble cast featuring Garrett Hedlund , Sam Riley , Kristen Stewart , Alice Braga , Amy Adams , Tom Sturridge , Danny Morgan , Elisabeth Moss , Kirsten Dunst , and Viggo Mortensen . The executive producers were Francis Ford Coppola , Patrick Batteux , Jerry Leider , and Tessa Ross . Filming began on August 4 , 2010 , in Montreal , Quebec , with a $ 25 million budget . The story is based on the years Kerouac spent travelling the United States in the late 1940s with his friend Neal Cassady and several other Beat Generation figures who would go on to fame in their own right , including William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg . On May 23 , 2012 , the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival . The film received mixed early reviews after it premiered at the film festival . The film also premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival in September ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herodotus_(crater)", "text": "Herodotus is a lunar impact crater located on a low shelf in the midst of the Oceanus Procellarum . To the east is the slightly larger crater Aristarchus . West across the mare is Schiaparelli . Almost due south on the mare surface is a solitary lunar dome designated Herodotus Omega ( ω ) . The crater Herodotus has a slightly irregular , narrow rim that appears somewhat oblong due to foreshortening . The inner floor has been flooded with lava , and has a lower albedo than its brighter and more prominent neighbor Aristarchus . There is a small craterlet overlapping the northwest rim , but otherwise the outer wall has not suffered significant wear . Nevertheless , the rim is unusually thin in relation to its size . To the north of Herodotus is the start of the Vallis Schröteri , a valley that has a length of 160 kilometers and a maximum depth of nearly a kilometer . It begins at a small crater 25 km north of the rim , then winds across the surface to the north , before turning northwest and finally to the southwest before coming to a precipitous end at the edge of the raised shelf on which Herodotus is located . The valley is wider at its crater head than elsewhere , which has given it the nickname of the Cobra Head ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahalingapura", "text": "Mahalingpur or Mahalingapura in Kannada is a town of Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka . Agriculture , weaving and jaggery production are the primary industries here . In the past , town was called as Naragatti . Later renamed as Mahalingpur after the gracious appearance of Lord Shri Mahalingeshwara . People speak typical Kannada , understand English and Hindi . The town is known for its picturesque surroundings and pleasant climate . The Ghataprabha River flows through nearby Nandagaon village from its source , which lies to the southwest of the town , and in Kudala sangama gets merge with Krishna . Mahalingpur is one of the major commercial towns in the Bagalkot district . Jaggery and Saari 's are common export marketing stuffs here ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Register_of_Historic_Places_listings_in_Le_Sueur_County,_Minnesota", "text": "This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Le Sueur County , Minnesota . It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Le Sueur County , Minnesota , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in an online map . There are 26 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county . A supplementary list includes two additional sites that were formerly on the National Register ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bombsight", "text": "A bombsight is a device used by military aircraft to drop bombs accurately . Bombsights , a feature of combat aircraft since World War I , were first found on purpose-designed bomber aircraft and then moved to fighter-bombers and modern tactical aircraft as those aircraft took up the brunt of the bombing role . A bombsight has to estimate the path the bomb will take after release from the aircraft . The two primary forces during its fall are gravity and air drag , which make the path of the bomb through the air roughly parabolic . There are additional factors such as changes in air density and wind that may be considered , but they are concerns only for bombs that spend a significant portion of a minute falling through the air . Those effects can be minimized by reducing the fall time by low-level bombing or by increasing the speed of the bombs . Those effects are combined in the dive bomber . However , low-level bombing also increases the danger to the bomber from ground-based defences , and accurate bombing from higher altitudes has always been desired . That has led to a series of increasingly sophisticated bombsight designs , dedicated to high-altitude level bombing . Since their first application prior to World War I , bombsights have gone through several major revisions . The earliest systems were iron sights , which were pre-set to an estimated fall angle . In some cases , they consisted of nothing more than a series of nails hammered into a convenient spar , lines drawn on the aircraft , or visual alignments of certain parts of the structure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacred_Sites_and_Pilgrimage_Routes_in_the_Kii_Mountain_Range", "text": "Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located on the Kii Peninsula in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kédougou_Region", "text": "Kédougou Region is a region of Senegal . It was created in 2008 . Formerly it was a department in the Region of Tambacounda . Kedougou has a number of ecotourism attractions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lodge_Freeway", "text": "M-10 is a north-south state trunkline highway in the Metro Detroit area of Michigan in the United States . The southernmost portion follows Jefferson Avenue in downtown Detroit , and the southern terminus is at the intersection of Jefferson and M-3 ( Randolph Street ) next to the entrance to the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel . The northern terminus is in West Bloomfield Township at the intersection with Orchard Lake Road . The highway has several names as it runs through residential and commercial areas of the west side of Detroit and into the suburb of Southfield . It is called the John C. Lodge Freeway ( The Lodge ) , James Couzens Highway , and Northwestern Highway . One segment has also been named the Aretha Franklin Memorial Highway . M-10 was built in segments through the late 1950s and early 1960s . It carried several different names before the entire route was finally officially named the John C. Lodge Freeway in 1987 . The freeway has carried a few other highway designations . The southern segment was part of US Highway 12 ( US 12 ) and the whole road was later renumbered Business Spur Interstate 696 ( BS I-696 ) . From 1970 until 1986 , it was part of US 10 , and the freeway has been M-10 since . The non-freeway segment that runs between I-696 in Southfield and Orchard Lake Road was previously numbered M-4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drydock", "text": "A dry dock ( sometimes dry-dock or drydock ) is a narrow basin or vessel that can be flooded to allow a load to be floated in , then drained to allow that load to come to rest on a dry platform . Dry docks are used for the construction , maintenance , and repair of ships , boats , and other watercraft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Schwyz", "text": "The canton of Schwyz ( German : Kanton Schwyz [ ʃviːts ] ( listen ) ) is a canton in central Switzerland between the Alps in the south , Lake Lucerne to the west and Lake Zürich in the north , centered on and named after the town of Schwyz . It is one of the founding cantons of Switzerland ; Switzerland 's name is derived from the name of the canton , and the flag of Switzerland from its coat of arms . For the history of the name , see Schwyz . The Swiss Federal Charter is on display in Schwyz . Northeast of the town of Schwyz is the Einsiedeln Abbey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicolas_Penneteau", "text": "Nicolas Penneteau ( born 20 February 1981 ) is a French football goalkeeper who plays for Sporting Charleroi in the Belgian Pro League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KV_Mechelen", "text": "Yellow Red Koninklijke Voetbalclub Mechelen ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˌjɛloː ˈrɛt ˌkoːnɪŋkləkə ˌvudbɑlklʏp ˈmɛxələ ( n ) ] ) , often simply called KV Mechelen ( Dutch pronunciation : [ kaːˌveː ˈmɛxələ ( n ) ] ) or KVM , or by their former French name FC Malinois , is a Belgian professional football club based in Mechelen in the Antwerp province . KV Mechelen plays in the Belgian First Division A . They have won four Belgian championships and twice the Belgian Cup , as well as the 1987-88 European Cup Winners ' Cup and the 1988 European Super Cup . They collected most of their honours in the 1940s and in the 1980s . KV Mechelen was founded in 1904 and , in 1921-22 , promoted to the first division . After two successive relegation and promotion , they were back for good between 1928-29 and 1955-56 . In the 1960s and 1970s , the club had several promotions and relegations between the first and second division . From 1983-84 to 1996-97 , they had a successful first division spell , with a title and several second- and third-place finishes . During that period , they also won a European Cup Winners ' Cup and they reached the same competition semi-finals as well as the European Cup quarter-finals . KV Mechelen declined in the late 1990s though they had two more spells at the highest level from 1999-2000 to 2000-01 and in 2002-03 . At the end of that season , the club did not receive their Belgian professional football license . They were therefore relegated to the third division with a nine-point penalty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Columbia_Southern_Interior", "text": "British Columbia Southern Interior ( formerly known as Southern Interior , Kootenay - Boundary - Okanagan and West Kootenay - Okanagan ) was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that had been represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ragnhild_Mowinckel", "text": "Ragnhild Mowinckel ( born 12 September 1992 ) is a Norwegian World Cup alpine ski racer , representing the club SK Rival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mid-City,_Los_Angeles,_California", "text": "Mid-City is a neighborhood in Central Los Angeles , California . Attractions include restaurants and a post office named for singer Ray Charles , who had his recording studio in Mid-City . The neighborhood hosts eleven public and private schools . The Crenshaw/LAX Line from north-south is proposed to serve this area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boise_State_Broncos", "text": "The Boise State Broncos are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Boise State University , located in Boise , Idaho . The Broncos compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I level as a member of the Mountain West Conference ( MWC ) . The Broncos have a successful athletic program overall , winning the WAC commissioner 's cup for the 2005-06 and 2009-10 years . Boise State joined the MWC on July 1 , 2011 . Boise State 's best-known program is football , which attained a perfect 13-0 record in 2006 , capped by an overtime win in the Fiesta Bowl over the Oklahoma Sooners . They finished the season as the only major undefeated college football team . BSU 's football team has won the Fiesta Bowl two more times , following the 2009 and 2014 seasons . The school 's Albertsons Stadium , introduced its famous blue artificial turf ( now FieldTurf ) thirty-four years ago in 1986 . Other notable programs at BSU include the nationally ranked women 's gymnastics team , which competes in the Mountain Rim Gymnastics Conference , the men 's and women 's basketball team , and the tennis teams which have consistently had nationally ranked players . In April 2017 , Boise State announced the cessation of its wrestling program with the potential return of baseball , although no time frame was given ; BSU baseball was discontinued after the 1980 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roshan_(music_director)", "text": "Roshan Lal Nagrath ( 14 July 1917 - 16 November 1967 ) , better known by his first name Roshan , was an Indian esraj player and music director . He was the father of the actor and film director Rakesh Roshan and music director Rajesh Roshan and paternal grandfather of Hrithik Roshan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_Creek_Methodist_Church", "text": "Little Creek Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located on Main Street in Little Creek , Kent County , Delaware . It was built in 1883 , and is an ell-shaped , one-story frame building in the Late Gothic Revival style . It has a gable roof and square bell tower topped with a tapered , pyramidal cupola housing the bell . The bell tower has a circular , recessed , stained glass rose window . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kansas_Jayhawks", "text": "The Kansas Jayhawks , commonly referred to as KU , are the athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas . KU is one of three schools in the state of Kansas that participate in NCAA Division I . The Jayhawks are also a member of the Big 12 Conference . KU athletic teams have won eleven NCAA Division I championships : three in men 's basketball , one in men 's cross country , three in men 's indoor track and field , three in men 's outdoor track and field , and one in women 's outdoor track and field . The name Jayhawks comes from the Kansas Jayhawker freedom fighter and anti-slavery movement during the Bleeding Kansas era of the American Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelantan", "text": "Kelantan ( Malay pronunciation : [ kəˈlantan ] ; Jawi : کلنتن ; Kelantanese : Kelaté ) is a state of Malaysia . The capital and royal seat is Kota Bharu . The honorific name of the state is Darul Naim ( Jawi : دار النعيم , The Blissful Abode ) . Kelantan is located in the north-eastern corner of the peninsula . Kelantan , which is said to translate as the Land of Lightning ( see alternate theories below ) , is an agrarian state with green paddy fields , rustic fishing villages and casuarina-lined beaches . Kelantan is home to some of the most ancient archaeological discoveries in Malaysia , including several prehistoric aboriginal settlements . Due to Kelantan 's relative isolation and largely rural lifestyle , Kelantanese culture differs somewhat from Malay culture in the rest of the peninsula ; this is reflected in the cuisine , arts and the unique Kelantanese Malay language , which is unintelligible even for some speakers of standard Malay . Kelantan is positioned in the north-east of Peninsular Malaysia . It is bordered by Narathiwat Province of Thailand to the north , Terengganu to the south-east , Perak to the west and Pahang to the south . To the north-east of Kelantan is the South China Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kannada", "text": "Kannada ( /ˈkɑːnədə , ˈkæn-/ ; ಕನ್ನಡ , [ ˈkɐnnɐɖaː ] ) , also known as Kanarese , is a Dravidian language spoken predominantly by people of Karnataka in southwestern India , and by significant linguistic minorities in the states of Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Telangana , Kerala and abroad . The language has roughly 44 million native speakers , who are called Kannadigas . Kannada is also spoken as a second and third language by over 12.9 million non-Kannada speakers in Karnataka , which adds up to 56 million speakers . It is one of the scheduled languages of India and the official and administrative language of the state of Karnataka . The Kannada language is written using the Kannada script , which evolved from the 5th-century Kadamba script . Kannada is attested epigraphically for about one and a half millennia , and literary Old Kannada flourished in the 6th-century Ganga dynasty and during the 9th-century Rashtrakuta Dynasty . Kannada has an unbroken literary history of over a thousand years . Kannada literature has been presented with 8 Jnanapith awards , the most for any Dravidian language and the second highest for any Indian language . Based on the recommendations of the Committee of Linguistic Experts , appointed by the ministry of culture , the government of India designated Kannada a classical language of India . In July 2011 , a center for the study of classical Kannada was established as part of the Central Institute of Indian Languages at Mysore to facilitate research related to the language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diogo_Nogueira", "text": "Diogo Nogueira ( born Rio de Janeiro , 1981 ) is a singer and songwriter from Brazil . He is the son of composer João Nogueira and Ângela Maria Nogueira . He was a samba musician throughout childhood and adolescence , but became a football player . After a serious knee injury , Nate decided to venture into the already well-known path of samba and released the CD and DVD Live , recorded at the Teatro João Caetano in Rio de Janeiro . In 2015 , his album Bossa Negra , a partnership with Hamilton de Holanda , was nominated for the 16th Latin Grammy Awards in the Best Samba/Pagode Album category . The title track of the album was also nominated for the same award , in the Best Brazilian Song category . In the 2017 Award , his album Alma Brasileira was nominated in the same category as Bossa Negra and his song Pé na Areia was nominated in the same category ( now renamed as Best Portuguese Language Song ) as Bossa Negra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mining", "text": "Mining is the extraction of valuable minerals or other geological materials from the Earth , usually from an ore body , lode , vein , seam , reef or placer deposit . These deposits form a mineralized package that is of economic interest to the miner . Ores recovered by mining include metals , coal , oil shale , gemstones , limestone , chalk , dimension stone , rock salt , potash , gravel , and clay . Mining is required to obtain any material that can not be grown through agricultural processes , or feasibly created artificially in a laboratory or factory . Mining in a wider sense includes extraction of any non-renewable resource such as petroleum , natural gas , or even water . Mining of stones and metal has been a human activity since pre-historic times . Modern mining processes involve prospecting for ore bodies , analysis of the profit potential of a proposed mine , extraction of the desired materials , and final reclamation of the land after the mine is closed . Mining operations usually create a negative environmental impact , both during the mining activity and after the mine has closed . Hence , most of the world 's nations have passed regulations to decrease the impact . Work safety has long been a concern as well , and modern practices have significantly improved safety in mines . Levels of metal recycling are generally low . Unless future end-of-life recycling rates are stepped up , some rare metals may become unavailable for use in a variety of consumer products ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1973", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1973 took place in Oberhof , East Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MRT_Sungai_Buloh–Kajang_line", "text": "The MRT Sungai Buloh-Kajang line , or known as SBK Line , is the ninth rail transit line and the second fully automated and driverless rail system in the Klang Valley area , Malaysia after the Kelana Jaya Line . It is a part of Klang Valley Integrated Transit System . The line is numbered 9 and Green on official transit maps . It is one of three planned rail lines under Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit Project by MRT Corp . The Phase 1 between Sungai Buloh and Semantan commenced service on 16 December 2016 . Phase 2 between Muzium Negara and Kajang was opened on 17 July 2017 , as a free shuttle service , by former Malaysian Prime Minister , Dato ' Seri Najib Tun Razak in a ceremony at the Tun Razak Exchange station . Full revenue service between Sungai Buloh and Kajang began the following day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Collector_(TV_series)", "text": "The Collector is a Canadian supernatural drama television series about a man attempting to help save people who have bargained their souls with the Devil . After over 600 years of collecting the souls of people at the end of their 10-year deals , Morgan Pym ( Chris Kramer ) negotiates with the Devil for the ability to aid the damned in redeeming themselves rather than sending them to Hell . Under the Devil 's mocking gaze , Morgan assists his clients in undoing the damage their deals have done because of the devil shifting good luck towards the client and away from others . The series is set in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , where it was also filmed . CHUM cancelled the program after three seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago,_Illinois", "text": "Chicago ( /ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ ) , officially the City of Chicago , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois , and the third-most-populous city in the United States . With an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States . Chicago is the county seat of Cook County , the second-most-populous county in the US , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city extending into DuPage County near O'Hare Airport . Chicago is the principal city of the Chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as Chicagoland . At nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the United States . Located on the shores of freshwater Lake Michigan , Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed and grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , which destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a concerted effort to rebuild . The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world . Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the Chicago School of architecture ) , the development of the City Beautiful Movement , and the steel-framed skyscraper . Chicago is an international hub for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . It is the site of the creation of the first standardized futures contracts , issued by the Chicago Board of Trade , which today is the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world , generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures alone . Depending on the particular year , the city 's O'Hare International Airport is routinely ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport according to tracked data by the Airports Council International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sultan_Mizan_Zainal_Abidin_Stadium", "text": "Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Kuala Nerus District , Terengganu , Malaysia . Together with the adjacent Mini Stadium , it forms the centrepiece of Terengganu Sports Complex . It was used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 50,000 people and is named after the reigning Terengganu Ruler , Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin . The biggest stadium in the East Coast region of Peninsular Malaysia , it was built to replace Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah Stadium as the state 's main stadium . It is the current home ground of Terengganu FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fengate,_Peterborough", "text": "Fengate is a predominantly industrial area of the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . For electoral purposes it forms part of Peterborough East ward . The industrial estate is known as Eastern Industry . Peterborough Power Station is located here . Flag Fen , the Bronze Age archaeological site , was discovered here in 1982 when a team led by Dr. Francis Pryor carried out a survey of dykes in the area . Probably religious , it comprises many poles arranged in five long rows , connecting Whittlesey with Peterborough across the wet fenland . This structure has been compared in rarity and importance to the Balbridie site in Aberdeenshire . The museum exhibits many of the artefacts found , including what is believed to be the oldest wheel in Britain . An exposed section of the Roman road known as the Fen Causeway also crosses the site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solva_Saal", "text": "Solva Saal ( English : Sixteenth Year ) is a 1958 Hindi movie . Produced by Chandrakant C. Desai , the film is directed by Raj Khosla . The film stars Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman . The film 's music is by Sachin Dev Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri . This film also contains the song Hai Apna Dil To Awaara picturized on Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman in the train , sung by Hemant Kumar , with mouth organ by Rahul Dev Burman . Director Raj Khosla makes a cameo appearance in the movie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Games_Workshop", "text": "Games Workshop Group PLC ( often abbreviated as GW ) is a British manufacturer of miniature wargames , based in Nottingham , England . Its best-known products are Warhammer Age of Sigmar and Warhammer 40,000 . It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huesca-Pirineos_Airport", "text": "Huesca-Pirineos Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Huesca-Pirineos ) ( IATA : HSK , ICAO : LEHC ) , also known as Huesca Airport , is the airport serving the province of Huesca in Spain . The airport is located 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) southeast of the city of Huesca , near the villages of Monflorite-Lascasas and Alcalá del Obispo . The airport is intended to support skiing resorts in the Aragonese Pyrenees , but the closest ski station is more than 100 kilometers away . In 2013 , 279 passengers passed through the airport , a decrease of 79.2% from 2012 . Aircraft movements fell by 33.1% to 1,637 . Data for 2016 indicated that passenger usage had fallen to a total of 95 for the year ( 49 arrivals and 46 departures ) , making Huesca-Pirineos the airport with the least passenger traffic in the AENA network . . However , by 2018 passenger numbers had improved , as in that year the airport handled 1,473 passengers and 9,477 flight operations"}
{"title": "/wiki/Neanderthals_of_Gibraltar", "text": "The Neanderthals in Gibraltar were among the first to be discovered by modern scientists and have been among the most well studied of their species according to a number of extinction studies which emphasize regional differences , usually claiming the Iberian Peninsula partially acted as a refuge for the shrinking Neanderthal populations and the Gibraltar community of Neanderthals as having been one of many dwindling communities of archaic human populations , existing just until around 42,000 years ago . Many other Neanderthal communities went extinct around the same time . The skull of a Neanderthal woman , discovered in a quarry in 1848 , was only the second Neanderthal skull ever found and the first adult Neanderthal skull to be discovered , eight years before the discovery of the skull for which the species was named in Neandertal , Germany ; had it been recognised as a separate species , it might have been called Calpican ( or Gibraltarian ) rather than Neanderthal Man . The skull of a Neanderthal child was discovered nearby in 1926 . The Neanderthals are known to have occupied ten sites on the Gibraltar peninsula at the southern tip of Iberia , which may have had one of the densest areas of Neanderthal settlement of anywhere in Europe , although not necessarily the last place of possible habitation . The caves in the Rock of Gibraltar that the Neanderthals inhabited have been excavated and have revealed a wealth of information about their lifestyle and the prehistoric landscape of the area . The peninsula stood on the edge of a fertile coastal plain , now submerged , that supported a wide variety of animals and plants which the Neanderthals exploited to provide a highly varied diet . Unlike northern Europe , which underwent massive swings in its climate and was largely uninhabitable for long periods , the far south of Iberia enjoyed a stable and mild climate for over 125,000 years . It became a refuge from the ice ages for animals , plants and Neanderthals , the latter of which most certainly did not survive there for thousand years longer than any other habitation site . Around 42,000 years ago , the climate underwent cycles of abrupt change which would have greatly disrupt the Gibraltar Neanderthals ' food supply and may have stressed their population beyond recovery , leading to their aggregated extinction in areas of Europe with similar climates . In Gibraltar , but also in other less well studied areas , did the Homo Neanderthalensis leave its last footprint of existence circa 40,000 BCE ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_FITA_Archery_World_Cup", "text": "The 2007 Archery World Cup was the second edition of the Archery World Cup , organised by the World Archery Federation . The first leg was held in Ulsan , South Korea , the second leg in Varese , Italy , the third at Antalya Centennial Archery Field in Antalya , Turkey and the final leg was held in Dover , United Kingdom . The best individual and mixed performers in each discipline over the three legs then joined host representatives in qualifying for the World Cup Finals , which were contested on in Dubai , UAE ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eden_District", "text": "Eden is a local government district in Cumbria , England . Its council is based in Penrith . It is named after the River Eden which flows north through the district toward Carlisle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norway", "text": "Norway ( Norwegian : Norge ( Bokmål ) or Noreg ( Nynorsk ) ; Northern Sami : Norga ; Lule Sami : Vuodna ; Southern Sami : Nöörje ) , officially the Kingdom of Norway , is a Nordic country in Northwestern Europe whose territory comprises the western and northernmost portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula ; the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard are also part of the Kingdom of Norway . [ note 2 ] The sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island is a dependent territory and thus not considered part of the kingdom . Norway also lays claim to the Antarctic territories of Queen Maud Land and Peter I Island . Norway has a total area of 385,207 square kilometres ( 148,729 sq mi ) and a population of 5,312,300 ( as of August 2018 ) . The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden ( 1,619 km or 1,006 mi long ) . Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east , and the Skagerrak strait to the south , with Denmark on the other side . Norway has an extensive coastline , facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea . The maritime influence also dominates Norway 's climate with mild lowland temperatures on the sea coasts , whereas the interior , while colder , is also a lot milder than areas elsewhere in the world on such northerly latitudes . Even during polar night in the north , temperatures above freezing are commonplace on the coastline . The maritime influence brings high rainfall and snowfall to some areas of the country . Harald V of the House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway . Erna Solberg has been prime minister since 2013 when she replaced Jens Stoltenberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guarani_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Guarani Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football club located in Campinas , São Paulo . It is also known as Bugre , a popular term for an Indigenous Brazilian , and its supporters are known as bugrinos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexisonfire", "text": "Alexisonfire ( pronounced Alexis on fire ) is a five-piece Canadian post-hardcore band that formed in St. Catharines , Ontario in 2001 . They describe their music as the sound of two Catholic high-school girls in mid-knife-fight ( a reference to their song A Dagger Through the Heart of St. Angeles , also the inspiration for their debut album cover art ) . When the band emerged in late 2001 , it was enough to impress critics as well as earning their self-titled debut album a platinum certification in Canada . The band has released three subsequent successful studio albums since then : Watch Out ! in 2004 , Crisis in 2006 , and Old Crows/Young Cardinals in 2009 , each achieving platinum certification in their native country . Plus three special edition live albums from Manchester Academy , Birmingham Academy , and Brixton Academy . Their accolades include a 2005 Juno Award for New Group of the Year . In August 2011 , front man George posted a message to fans on the band 's official website stating that , following the departure of two members , that they would issue several special releases and complete a farewell tour before parting ways . On March 9 , 2015 the band announced a reunion tour , their first since their farewell tour in 2012 , including dates at Reading and Leeds festivals , Sonic Boom , Heavy Montréal , X-Fest and Riot Fest . On September 19 , 2015 , at Riot Fest in Toronto , the band announced their official reunion , although in a post on their official Facebook page afterwards , the band clarified that despite the fact they were as good friends as they had ever been , there were no immediate plans for the future . In June 2016 , the band was announced to headline the UNIFY gathering 2017 in Australia and later announced a small tour across Australia and New Zealand with The Dirty Nil set to take place January 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malibu_Shores", "text": "Malibu Shores is an American primetime teen drama/soap opera that aired on Saturday Night at 8:00PM EST from March to June 1996 for ten episodes on NBC . Created by Aaron Spelling and starring Keri Russell and Tony Lucca , the program followed the exploits of Southern California teens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympia_Towers_(Los_Angeles)", "text": "Olympia Towers , is a proposed development consisting of a three-tower residential and retail complex in Downtown Los Angeles , California , immediately north of Staples Center , L.A. Live and the Los Angeles Convention Center . The Olympia Towers development is currently proposed as three towers . Olympia Tower I is currently proposed as 65 floors of residential , Olympia Tower II as 53 and Olympia Tower III as 43 . The site bordering the 110 Harbor Freeway is currently a parking lot ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronald_Cannan", "text": "Ronald D. E. Ron Cannan ( born May 8 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a self-employed business consultant . On April 1 , 2016 Ron was appointed as Board Director of The Land Title and Survey Authority of British Columbia ( LTSABC ) . Ron was a Canadian Member of Parliament and member of the Conservative Party of Canada . Cannan was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2006 federal election and represented the riding of Kelowna - Lake Country . Previously , he sat on Kelowna City Council from 1996 to 2005 . Ron was elected as Member of Parliament of Kelowna in 2006 , 2008 and 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/JD_Natasha", "text": "JD Natasha ( born Natasha Jeannette Dueñas on February 27 , 1988 in Kendall , Florida ) is an American rock musician . She began her musical career as a solo singer-songwriter , singing and accompanying her music on the guitar . Later , she began to co-found other ensembles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts's_7th_congressional_district", "text": "Massachusetts 's 7th congressional district is a congressional district located in eastern Massachusetts , including roughly three-fourths of the city of Boston and a few of its northern and southern suburbs . Massachusetts congressional redistricting after the 2010 census changed the borders of the district starting with the elections of 2012 , with most of the old 7th district redistricted to the new 5th district . Most of the old 8th district now comprises the new 7th district . The seat is currently held by Ayanna Pressley . According to The Boston Globe and the latest census data , approximately 33 percent of the population of the district were born outside of the United States , with approximately 34 percent of the population white , 26 percent African American , and 21 percent Latino ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Throb", "text": "Throb is an American sitcom that aired in syndication from September 6 , 1986 to May 21 , 1988 . The series , created by Fredi Towbin , was produced by Procter & Gamble Productions in association with Taft Entertainment Television , and was distributed by Worldvision Enterprises . The series ' rights are currently held by CBS Television Distribution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBC_Radio_One", "text": "CBC Radio One is the English-language news and information radio network of the publicly owned Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . It is commercial-free and offers local and national programming . It is available on AM and FM to 98 percent of Canadians and overseas over the Internet , and through mobile apps . A modified version of Radio One , with local content replaced by additional airings of national programming , is available on Sirius XM Satellite Radio channel 169 . It is downlinked to subscribers via SiriusXM Canada and its U.S.-based counterpart , Sirius XM Satellite Radio . In 2010 , Radio One reached 4.3 million listeners each week . It was the largest radio network in Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia_at_the_2014_Winter_Paralympics", "text": "Russia competed as the host nation at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi , held between 7-16 March 2014 . Russia 's 80 medals count is the highest medals ever recorded . The previous record was held by Austria with 70 medals in 1984 . In December 2014 , German public broadcaster ARD aired a documentary which made wide-ranging allegations that Russia organized a state-run doping program which supplied their athletes with performance-enhancing drugs . In November 2015 , Russia 's track and field team was provisionally suspended by the IAAF . In May 2016 , The New York Times published allegations by the former director of Russia 's anti-doping laboratory , Grigory Rodchenkov , that a conspiracy of corrupt anti-doping officials , FSB intelligence agents , and compliant Russian athletes used banned substances to gain an unfair advantage during the Games . On 9 December 2016 , Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren published the second part of his independent report . The investigation found that from 2011 to 2015 , more than 1,000 Russian competitors in various sports ( including summer , winter , and Paralympic sports ) benefited from the cover-up . Emails indicate that they included five blind powerlifters , who may have been given drugs without their knowledge , and a fifteen-year-old ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2016", "text": "The 2016 UEFA European Football Championship , commonly referred to as UEFA Euro 2016 or simply Euro 2016 , was the 15th UEFA European Championship , the quadrennial international men 's football championship of Europe organised by UEFA . It was held in France from 10 June to 10 July 2016 . Spain were the two-time defending champions , having won the 2008 and 2012 tournaments , but were eliminated in the round of 16 by Italy . Portugal won the tournament for the first time , following a 1-0 victory after extra time over the host team , France , in the final played at the Stade de France . For the first time , the European Championship final tournament was contested by 24 teams , having been expanded from the 16-team format used since 1996 . Under the new format , the finalists contested a group stage consisting of six groups of four teams , followed by a knockout phase including three rounds and the final . Nineteen teams - the top two from each of the nine qualifying groups and the best third-placed team - joined France in the final tournament , who qualified automatically as host ; a series of two-legged play-off ties between the remaining third-placed teams in November 2015 decided the last four finalist spots . France was chosen as the host nation on 28 May 2010 , after a bidding process in which they beat Italy and Turkey for the right to host the 2016 finals . The matches were played in ten stadiums in ten cities : Bordeaux , Lens , Lille Métropole , Décines-Charpieu , Marseille , Nice , Paris , Saint-Denis , Saint-Étienne , and Toulouse . It was the third time that France hosted the finals , after the inaugural tournament in 1960 and the 1984 finals . As the winners , Portugal earned the right to compete at the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup in Russia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hoàng_Anh_Tuấn", "text": "Hoàng Anh Tuấn ( born 12 February 1985 in Bắc Ninh Province ) is a Vietnamese weightlifter . At the 2005 Junior World Championships , he won the silver medal in the men 's -56 kg class , with a total of 276 kg . He participated in the men 's -56 kg class at the 2005 World Weightlifting Championships and won the bronze medal , with a total of 279 kg . Tuấn participated in the mens -56 kg class at the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships and won the bronze medal , finishing behind Li Zheng and Sergio Álvarez Boulet . He snatched 124 kg and jerked an additional 152 kg for a total of 276 kg , 4 kg behind winner Li . He also won a silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games , at 56 kg , lifting 128 kg in the snatch and 157 kg in the clean and jerk , for a total of 285 kg . At the 2008 Asian Weightlifting Championships , he won the gold medal in the men 's -56 kg class , with a total of 279 kg . He won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics after lifting a total of 290 kg . In some weightlifting statistics , he appears misspelled as Anh Tuan Hoang . Hoàng Anh Tuấn was named 2008 Vietnam Sportsman of the Year . From 18 September 2010 , he was handed a two year ban for testing positive with oxilofrine , a substance banned by World Anti-Doping Agency in competitive sports . After retiring from competitive weightlifting , he became a coach , training his fellow athletes to participate in international competitions such as Asian Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tashkent", "text": "Tashkent ( /ˌtɒʃˈkɛnt/ ; Russian pronunciation : [ tɐʂˈkʲent ] ; Russian : Ташкент , tr . Tashkent ) , or Toshkent ( [ tɒʃˈkent ] ; Uzbek : Toshkent , Тошкент , تاشكینت ) , is the capital and largest city of Uzbekistan , as well as the most populated city in ex-Soviet Central Asia with a population in 2018 of 2,485,900 . It is located in the north-east of the country close to the border with Kazakhstan . Before Islam influence started in the 8th century AD , Tashkent was influenced by the Sogdian and Turkic cultures in its early history . After its destruction by Genghis Khan in 1219 , the city was rebuilt and profited from the Silk Road . From 18th to 19th century , the city became an independent city-state , before being re-conquered by the Khanate of Kokand . In 1865 , it fell to the Russian Empire , and became the capital of Russian Turkestan . In Soviet times , Tashkent witnessed major growth and demographic changes due to forced deportations from throughout the Soviet Union . Much of the city was destroyed in the 1966 Tashkent earthquake , though it was rebuilt afterwards as a model Soviet city . It was the fourth-largest city of the Soviet Union at the time , after Moscow , Leningrad and Kiev . Today , as the capital of an independent Uzbekistan , Tashkent retains a multi-ethnic population , with ethnic Uzbeks as the majority . In 2009 , the city celebrated its 2,200 years of written history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1872_Cleveland_Forest_Citys_season", "text": "The Cleveland Forest Citys played their second and final season in 1872 as a member of the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players . They finished seventh in the league with a record of 6-16 . The team folded at the conclusion of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Damon_Hill", "text": "Damon Graham Devereux Hill , OBE ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a British former racing driver . He is the son of Graham Hill , and , along with Nico Rosberg , one of only two sons of a Formula One world champion to also win the title . He started racing on motorbikes in 1981 , and after minor success moved on to single-seater racing cars . Despite progressing steadily up the ranks to the International Formula 3000 championship by 1989 , and often being competitive , he never won a race at that level . Hill became a test driver for the Formula One title-winning Williams team in 1992 . He was promoted to the Williams race team the following year after Riccardo Patrese 's departure and took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 Hungarian Grand Prix . During the mid-1990s , Hill was Michael Schumacher 's main rival for the Formula One Drivers ' Championship , which saw the two clash several times on and off the track . Their collision at the 1994 Australian Grand Prix gave Schumacher his first title by a single point . Hill became champion in 1996 with eight wins , but was dropped by Williams for the following season . He went on to drive for the less competitive Arrows and Jordan teams , and in 1998 gave Jordan their first win . Hill retired from racing after the 1999 season . He has since launched several businesses and has made appearances playing the guitar with celebrity bands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nimirndhu_Nil", "text": "Nimirndhu Nil ( transl . Stand upright ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Samuthirakani featuring Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead roles . It was produced by KS Sreenivasan 's Vaasan Visual Ventures . The film 's soundtrack and background score were composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar . Ravi played a revolutionist for a social cause . The film , which was simultaneously made in Telugu as Janda Pai Kapiraju ( dubbed into Hindi as Lion - The King in 2015 ) with Nani in place of Jayam Ravi , released on 8 March 2014 and received mostly positive reviews . The film was also dubbed into Hindi as Daring Mard in 2014 and later into Telugu as Pourudu in 2018 despite the simultaneously shot Telugu version ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loschbour_man", "text": "The Loschbour man ( also Loschbur man ) is a skeleton of Homo sapiens from the European Mesolithic discovered in 1935 in Mullerthal , in the commune of Waldbillig , Luxembourg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MOULINAKA", "text": "The MOULINAKA ( Khmer : ម៉ូលីណាកា ; Mouvement pour la Liberation Nationale du Kampuchea ; Movement for the National Liberation of Kampuchea ) was a pro-Sihanouk military organization formed in August 1979 by an armed group on the Thai-Cambodian border ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shōsōin", "text": "The Shōsō-in ( 正倉院 ) is the treasure house that belongs to Tōdai-ji in Nara , Nara , Japan . The building is in the azekura log-cabin style , with a raised floor . It lies to the northwest of the Daibutsuden ( which houses the Great Buddha ) . The Shōsō-in houses artifacts connected to Emperor Shōmu ( 701-756 ) and Empress Kōmyō ( 701-760 ) , as well as arts and crafts of the Tempyō period of Japanese history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joseph_Roswell_Hawley", "text": "Joseph Roswell Hawley ( October 31 , 1826 - March 18 , 1905 ) was the 42nd Governor of Connecticut , a U.S. politician in the Republican and Free Soil parties , a Civil War general , and a journalist and newspaper editor . He served two terms in the United States House of Representatives and was a four-term U.S . Senator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claire_Danes", "text": "Claire Catherine Danes ( born April 12 , 1979 ) is an American actress . She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards . In 2012 , Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world , and she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2015 . Danes gained early recognition as Angela Chase in the 1994 teen drama series My So-Called Life . The role won her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series . She made her film debut the same year in Little Women ( 1994 ) . Her other films include Home for the Holidays ( 1995 ) , Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) , The Rainmaker ( 1997 ) , Les Misérables ( 1998 ) , Brokedown Palace ( 1999 ) , the 1999 English dub of Princess Mononoke ( 1997 ) , The Hours ( 2002 ) , Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines ( 2003 ) , Shopgirl ( 2005 ) , Stardust ( 2007 ) , and A Kid Like Jake ( 2018 ) . From 1998 to 2000 , Danes attended Yale University before dropping out to return to acting . She appeared in an Off-Broadway production of The Vagina Monologues in 2000 , and made her Broadway debut playing Eliza Doolittle in the 2007 revival of Pygmalion . In 2010 , she portrayed Temple Grandin in the highly acclaimed HBO TV film Temple Grandin , which won her a second Golden Globe and her first Primetime Emmy Award for the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie . Since 2011 , she has starred as Carrie Mathison in the Showtime drama series Homeland , for which she has won two Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series , two Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Television Series Drama , and the Television Critics Association Award for Individual Achievement in Drama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Li_Jing_(gymnast)", "text": "Li Jing ( Chinese : 李敬 ; born February 23 , 1970 ) is a Chinese gymnast , world champion and Olympic medalist . He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where he received silver medals in rings , in parallel bars , and in team combined exercises ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muzaffarpur_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Muzaffarpur Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in the Indian state of Bihar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edmund_Gosse", "text": "Sir Edmund William Gosse CB ( /ɡɒs/ ; 21 September 1849 - 16 May 1928 ) was an English poet , author and critic . He was strictly brought up in a small Protestant sect , the Plymouth Brethren , but broke away sharply from that faith . His account of his childhood in the book Father and Son has been described as the first psychological biography . His friendship with the sculptor Hamo Thornycroft inspired a successful career as a historian of late-Victorian sculpture . His translations of Henrik Ibsen helped to promote that playwright in England , and he encouraged the careers of W. B. Yeats and James Joyce . He also lectured in English literature at Cambridge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SIG-Sauer_SSG_3000", "text": "The SIG Sauer SSG 3000 ( Scharfschützengewehr 3000 , literally Sharpshooter Rifle 3000 ) is a bolt-action , magazine fed rifle chambered in 7.62×51mm NATO . It was developed in Germany . It is a common law enforcement sniper rifle in both Europe and the United States . The SSG 3000 was developed by SIG Sauer GmbH and is well renowned for its high quality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_FAI_Cup", "text": "The Football Association of Ireland Senior Challenge Cup ( FAI Cup ) , known as the Extra.ie FAI Cup for sponsorship reasons , is a knock-out association football competition contested annually by teams from the Republic of Ireland ( as well as Derry City from Northern Ireland ) . Organised by the FAI ( Football Association of Ireland ) , the competition is currently sponsored by Extra.ie . It was known as the Free State Cup from 1923 to 1936 . Shamrock Rovers hold the record of most wins with 25 . As of November 2019 , the current holders are Shamrock Rovers"}
{"title": "/wiki/Listed_building", "text": "A listed building , or listed structure , is one that has been placed on one of the four statutory lists maintained by Historic England in England , Historic Environment Scotland in Scotland , Cadw in Wales , and the Northern Ireland Environment Agency in Northern Ireland . The term has also been used in Ireland , where buildings are surveyed for the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage in accordance with the country 's obligations under the Granada Convention . However , the preferred term in Ireland is protected structure . A listed building may not be demolished , extended , or altered without special permission from the local planning authority , which typically consults the relevant central government agency , particularly for significant alterations to the more notable listed buildings . In England and Wales , a national amenity society must be notified of any work to a listed building which involves any element of demolition . Exemption from secular listed building control is provided for some buildings in current use for worship , but only in cases where the relevant religious organisation operates its own equivalent permissions procedure . Owners of listed buildings are , in some circumstances , compelled to repair and maintain them and can face criminal prosecution if they fail to do so or if they perform unauthorised alterations . When alterations are permitted , or when listed buildings are repaired or maintained , the owners are often required to use specific materials or techniques . Although most sites appearing on the lists are buildings , other structures such as bridges , monuments , sculptures , war memorials , and even milestones and mileposts and The Beatles ' Abbey Road pedestrian crossing are also listed . Ancient , military , and uninhabited structures , such as Stonehenge , are sometimes instead classified as scheduled monuments and protected by much older legislation , whilst cultural landscapes such as parks and gardens are currently listed on a non-statutory basis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fear_Files", "text": "Fear Files : Darr Ki Sacchi Tasvirein is an Indian horror anthology television series which started on 30 June 2012 on Zee TV and last aired on 17 August 2014 after two seasons which were co-produced by Deepak Pandey 's Dreamzz Images and Contiloe Entertainment . Season 3 started on 22 July 2017 and was produced by Essel Vision Productions . The series focuses on stories of paranormal incidents and investigations into the strange events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bernd_Schneider_(racing_driver)", "text": "Bernd Schneider ( born 20 July 1964 in St. Ingbert ) is a racing driver from Germany . He is a five-time Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters champion , and a Mercedes Brand Ambassador ."}
{"title": "/wiki/General_Pinedo,_Chaco", "text": "General Pinedo is a town in the south of the province of Chaco , Argentina . It has about 16,000 inhabitants as per the 2001 census [ INDEC ] , and is the head town of the 12 de Octubre Department ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reik", "text": "Reik are a Mexican band from Mexicali , Baja California , formed by Jesús Alberto Navarro Rosas ( lead vocals ) , Julio Ramírez Eguía ( guitar , background vocals ) , and Gilberto Marín Espinoza ( guitar ) . In 2003 , Abelardo Vazquez ended their then-nascent musical project , tentatively called Reik . Abelardo Vazquez invited Jesús Navarro and Julio Ramirez to record their first demos , which were released through the Mexican underground club scene . Two of the most successful demos - Levemente and Ahora Sin Ti - brought more widespread coverage across Mexico . In early 2004 , Reik invited Gilberto to join the band . They have been famous ever since , mainly in Latin America and the United States . Their videos have been broadcast on famous music television channels , such as MTV and HTV . Their second studio album , Secuencia , was released on December 12 , 2006 , which featured the first single , Invierno ( released on September 18 ) , which gained a lot of popularity based Latin American airplay . On September 30 , 2008 Reik released their third studio album Un Día Más , for which they won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2009 . Reik confirmed their participation in the Viña del Mar International Song Festival in February 2015 , and won the Silver and Golden Seagull after their presentation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mandaue_City", "text": "Mandaue , officially the City of Mandaue ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Mandaue ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Mandaue ) or simply known as Mandaue City , is a 1st class highly urbanized city in the island province of Cebu in the region of Central Visayas , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 362,654 people . Mandaue City is located on the central-eastern coastal region of Cebu . Its southwest coast borders Mactan Island where Lapu-Lapu City is located and is connected to the island via two bridges : the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridge . Mandaue City is bounded on the north by the town of Consolacion , to the east by the Camotes Sea , and to the west and south by Cebu City . It is one of three highly urbanized cities on Cebu island and forms a part of the Cebu Metropolitan area and is part of the Sixth District of Cebu joined with the municipalities of Consolacion and Cordova . Although qualified for a lone district since 1991 , this was neglected by lawmakers . However , as of 5 April 2019 , President Duterte recently signed a law declaring this city as a lone legislative district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palm_islands", "text": "Palm Islands are three artificial islands , Palm Jumeirah , Deira Island and Palm Jebel Ali , on the coast of Dubai , United Arab Emirates . Creation of the islands started in 2001 . Only Palm Jumeirah and Palm Jebel Ali has been completed . This island takes the form of a palm tree , topped by a crescent . After completion , Deira Island will likely take a similar shape , Like Palm Jumeirah and Palm Jebel Ali . each island will host many residential , leisure and entertainment centers and will add a total of 520 kilometers of non-public beaches to the city of Dubai ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greece", "text": "Greece ( Greek : Ελλάδα ) , officially the Hellenic Republic ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ) , historically also known as Hellas , is a country located in Southeast Europe . Its population is approximately 10.7 million as of 2018 ; Athens , the nation 's capital , is its largest city , followed by Thessaloniki . Situated on the southern tip of the Balkan Peninsula , Greece is located at the crossroads of Europe , Asia , and Africa . It shares land borders with Albania to the northwest , North Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north , and Turkey to the northeast . The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland , the Ionian Sea to the west , the Cretan Sea and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Greece has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean Basin and the 11th longest coastline in the world at 13,676 km ( 8,498 mi ) in length , featuring many islands , of which 227 are inhabited . Eighty percent of Greece is mountainous , with Mount Olympus being the highest peak at 2,918 metres ( 9,573 ft ) . The country consists of nine traditional geographic regions : Macedonia , Central Greece , the Peloponnese , Thessaly , Epirus , the Aegean Islands ( including the Dodecanese and Cyclades ) , Thrace , Crete , and the Ionian Islands . Greece is considered the cradle of Western civilisation , being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , Western literature , historiography , political science , major scientific and mathematical principles , Western drama and the Olympic Games . From the eighth century B.C. , the Greeks were organised into various independent city-states , known as poleis ( singular polis ) , which spanned the entire Mediterranean region and the Black Sea . Philip of Macedon united most of the Greek mainland in the fourth century BC , with his son Alexander the Great rapidly conquering much of the ancient world , from the eastern Mediterranean to India . Greece was annexed by Rome in the second century B.C. , becoming an integral part of the Roman Empire and its successor , the Byzantine Empire , which adopted the Greek language and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_Valley", "text": "The Delaware Valley is the valley through which the Delaware River flows . By extension , this toponym is commonly used to refer to Greater Philadelphia or Philadelphia metropolitan area ( the [ Lower ] Delaware Valley Metropolitan Area ) . The Delaware Valley is coterminous with a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) and broader combined statistical area ( CSA ) , and is composed of counties located in Southeastern Pennsylvania , South Jersey , Delaware , and the Eastern Shore of Maryland . As of the 2010 Census , the MSA has a population of over 6 million , while the CSA has a population of over 7.1 million . Philadelphia is by far the largest municipality in the Delaware Valley , and serves as the region 's major commercial , cultural , and industrial center . Other municipalities in the MSA include Camden , New Jersey and Wilmington , Delaware , while the larger CSA also includes municipalities such as Reading , Pennsylvania and Atlantic City , New Jersey . The Delaware Valley Metropolitan Area is located in the Northeastern United States and forms part of a larger urbanized area known as the Northeast megalopolis . According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis , the Philadelphia metropolitan area has a gross domestic product of $ 431 billion , the ninth-largest among U.S. metropolitan areas . 2016 Census Bureau estimates rank the Delaware Valley CSA as the ninth-largest CSA in the United States . The Delaware Valley has been influential in American history and industry ; its citizens have become leaders in higher education , biotechnology , medicine , tourism , and other fields . The area has hosted many people and sites significant to American culture , history , and politics . Philadelphia is sometimes known as The Birthplace of America , as both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were drafted and signed in Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2011_FAI_Cup", "text": "The 2011 FAI Senior Challenge Cup , also known as the 2011 FAI Ford Cup , is the 91st season of the national football competition of the Republic of Ireland . The winners of the competition will earn spots in both the second qualifying round of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League and the 2012 Setanta Sports Cup . A total of 45 teams competed in the 2011 competition which commenced on the weekend ending on 20 March 2011 . [ citation needed ] The 21 teams entered from the 2011 League of Ireland Premier and First divisions received byes into the Third round stage while the remaining 24 teams entered at the First and Second round stages with all but four of these teams receiving byes into the Second round . These 24 teams composed of four 2011 A Championship non-reserve clubs , the sixteen clubs from the Fourth round of the 2010-11 FAI Intermediate Cup and the semifinalists of the 2010-11 FAI Junior Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Notre_Dame_Fighting_Irish_men's_basketball", "text": "The Notre Dame Fighting Irish men 's basketball team is the intercollegiate men 's basketball program representing the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame , Indiana , United States . The program competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference of NCAA Division I . On September 12 , 2012 , Notre Dame announced they would be moving to the Atlantic Coast Conference ; they joined the conference on July 1 , 2013 . The school holds two retroactively awarded national championships in basketball from the Helms Foundation : for the 1927 ( 19-1 overall record ) and 1936 ( 22-2-1 overall record ) seasons . They have also played in the NCAA Tournament 36 times , good for 9th all time , and reached the Final Four in 1978 . The Irish hold the record for most Tournament appearances without a championship or championship game appearance , one of five teams ( along with Texas , Temple , Illinois and Oklahoma ) to have 30 or more appearances without a title and one of three teams ( along with Texas and Temple ) to have more than 30 appearances without either . They are also the first Big East team to go undefeated at home two straight seasons . They play their home games in the Purcell Pavilion at the Edmund P. Joyce Center . Since moving to the Purcell Pavilion in 1968 , they have had 44 winning seasons at the Purcell Pavilion , including 5 undefeated seasons at home ( 1973 , 1985 , 2006 , 2007 , and 2010 ) and have had only 4 losing seasons at the Purcell Pavilion ( 1971 , 1981 , 1992 , and 1995 ) . Jeff Sagarin and ESPN listed the program 12th in the college basketball all-time rankings in the ESPN College Basketball Encyclopedia . The Fighting Irish are currently coached by Mike Brey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenix_Kwok", "text": "Kenix Kwok Ho-ying ( born 27 November 1969 ) is a Hong Kong actress with family roots in Zhongshan , Guangdong , China . Along with Maggie Cheung Ho-yee , Ada Choi , Flora Chan and Jessica Hsuan , Kenix is known as one of the Top 5 Fa Dans ( term used for actresses with high popularity ) of TVB from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josh_Groban", "text": "Joshua Winslow Groban ( born February 27 , 1981 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actor , and record producer , who is known for his unusually dusky tenor voice . His first four solo albums have been certified multi-platinum , and he was charted in 2007 as the number-one best selling artist in the United States , with over 22.3 million records . As of 2012 [ update ] , he had sold over 25 million records worldwide . Groban originally studied acting , but moved to singing as his voice developed . Groban attended the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts , a free public school on the campus of California State University , Los Angeles , where students receive a conservatory-style education . David Foster called Groban to stand in for an ailing Andrea Bocelli to rehearse a duet , The Prayer , with Celine Dion at the rehearsal for the 1998 Grammy Awards . Rosie O'Donnell immediately invited him to appear on her talk show . Foster asked him to sing at the California Governor 's Gray Davis ' 1999 inauguration . He was cast on Ally McBeal by the show 's creator , David E. Kelley , performing You 're Still You for the 2001 season four finale . In 2017 , he made his Broadway debut as Pierre Bezukhov in Natasha , Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 , to critical acclaim and a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical nomination . His performance at the 72nd Tony Awards earned him two Primetime Emmy nominations , one for Outstanding Live Variety Special and one for Original Music and Lyrics for the song This One 's for You . Groban co-starred as Tony Caruso Jr. in the Netflix original series , The Good Cop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cowbit", "text": "Cowbit ( locally pronounced Cubbit ) is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 1,220 . It is situated 3 miles ( 5 km ) south from Spalding and 5 miles ( 8 km ) north from Crowland . Cowbit falls within the drainage area of the Welland and Deepings Internal Drainage Board . Cowbit Grade I listed Anglican parish church is dedicated to St Mary . The church was built on a small scale in the 14th century by Prior de Moulton of Spalding . A chancel and Perpendicular tower were added by Bishop Russell of Lincoln in 1487 . Restoration was carried out in 1882 . A Wesleyan chapel was built in 1842 , and rebuilt in 1861 . To the south , on the road to the hamlet of Peak Hill , is a stone named after St Guthlac , being a boundary marker for the earlier lands of Crowland Abbey . The village contains a Grade II listed early 19th-century mill , a Church of England primary school , public play area , village hall , a garage , and a village store . On 16 October 2011 work was completed on a new bypass for the A1073 , which previously ran through the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harbonnières", "text": "Harbonnières is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asturias", "text": "Asturias ( /æˈstʊəriəs , ə-/ , Spanish : [ asˈtuɾjas ] ; Asturian : Asturies [ asˈtuɾjes ; -ɾjɪs ] ; Eonaviego : Asturias ) , officially the Principality of Asturias ( Spanish : Principado de Asturias ; Asturian : Principáu d'Asturies ) , is an autonomous community in north-west Spain . It is coextensive with the province of Asturias and contains some of the territory that was part of the larger Kingdom of Asturias in the Middle Ages . Divided into eight comarcas ( counties ) , the autonomous community of Asturias is bordered by Cantabria to the east , by León ( Castile and León ) to the south , by Lugo ( Galicia ) to the west , and by the Bay of Biscay ( Cantanbric sea ) to the north . Asturias is situated in a mountainous setting with vast greenery and lush vegetation , making it part of Green Spain . The region has a maritime climate . It receives plenty of annual rainfall and little sunshine by Spanish standards and has very moderated seasons , most often averaging in the lower 20 's celsius . Heat waves are rare due to mountains blocking southerly winds . Winters are very mild for the latitude , especially near sea level . The most important cities are the communal capital , Oviedo ( Uviéu ) , the seaport and largest city Gijón ( Xixón ) , and the industrial town of Avilés . Other municipalities in Asturias include Cangas de Onís ( Cangues d'Onís ) , Cangas del Narcea , Gozón , Grado ( Grau or Grao ) , Langreo ( Llangréu ) , Llanera , Laviana ( Llaviana ) , Lena ( Ḷḷena ) , Llanes , Mieres , Siero , Valdés , Vegadeo ( A Veiga ) , and Villaviciosa ( see also List of municipalities and comarcas in Asturias ) . Asturias is also home of the Princess of Asturias Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Staveley-in-Cartmel", "text": "Staveley-in-Cartmel is a small village and civil parish in South Lakeland district , Cumbria , England . It lies east of Newby Bridge , near the south end of Windermere , 9 miles ( 14 km ) northeast of Ulverston . It is sometimes known as Staveley-in-Furness . Both names distinguish it from another Staveley in Cumbria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aulis_Sallinen", "text": "Aulis Sallinen ( born 9 April 1935 ) is a Finnish contemporary classical music composer . His music has been variously described as remorselessly harsh , a beautifully crafted amalgam of several 20th-century styles , and neo-romantic . Sallinen studied at the Sibelius Academy , where his teachers included Joonas Kokkonen . He has had works commissioned by the Kronos Quartet , and has also written seven operas , eight symphonies , concertos for violin , cello , flute , horn , and English horn , as well as several chamber works . He won the Nordic Council Music Prize in 1978 for his opera Ratsumies ( The Horseman ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malaysia", "text": "Malaysia ( /məˈleɪziə , -ʒə/ ( listen ) mə-LAY-zee-ə , -⁠zhə ; Malay : [ məlejsiə ] ) is a country in Southeast Asia . The federal constitutional monarchy consists of 13 states and three federal territories , separated by the South China Sea into two similarly sized regions , Peninsular Malaysia and East Malaysia ( Malaysian Borneo ) . Peninsular Malaysia shares a land and maritime border with Thailand and maritime borders with Singapore , Vietnam , and Indonesia . East Malaysia shares land and maritime borders with Brunei and Indonesia and a maritime border with the Philippines and Vietnam . Kuala Lumpur is the national capital and largest city while Putrajaya is the seat of the federal government . With a population of over 30 million , Malaysia is the world 's 44th most populous country . The southernmost point of continental Eurasia , Tanjung Piai , is in Malaysia . In the tropics , Malaysia is one of 17 megadiverse countries , home to large numbers of endemic species . Malaysia has its origins in the Malay kingdoms which , from the 18th century , became subject to the British Empire , along with the British Straits Settlements protectorate . Peninsular Malaysia was unified as the Malayan Union in 1946 . Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948 and achieved independence on 31 August 1957 . Malaya united with North Borneo , Sarawak , and Singapore on 16 September 1963 to become Malaysia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Babbage", "text": "Charles Babbage KH FRS ( /ˈbæbɪdʒ/ ; 26 December 1791 - 18 October 1871 ) was an English polymath . A mathematician , philosopher , inventor and mechanical engineer , Babbage originated the concept of a digital programmable computer . Considered by some to be a father of the computer , Babbage is credited with inventing the first mechanical computer that eventually led to more complex electronic designs , though all the essential ideas of modern computers are to be found in Babbage 's Analytical Engine . His varied work in other fields has led him to be described as pre-eminent among the many polymaths of his century . Parts of Babbage 's incomplete mechanisms are on display in the Science Museum in London . In 1991 , a functioning difference engine was constructed from Babbage 's original plans . Built to tolerances achievable in the 19th century , the success of the finished engine indicated that Babbage 's machine would have worked ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leipzig", "text": "Leipzig ( /ˈlaɪpsɪɡ/ , also US : /- ( t ) sɪk/ , German : [ ˈlaɪptsɪç ] ( listen ) ; Upper and Lower Sorbian : Lipsk ; Upper Saxon : Leibzsch ) is the most populous city in the German federal state of Saxony . With a population of 600,000 inhabitants as of 2019 ( 1.1 million residents in the larger urban zone ) , it is Germany 's eighth most populous city as well as the second most populous city in the area of former East Germany after ( East ) Berlin . Together with Halle ( Saale ) , the largest city of the neighbouring state of Saxony-Anhalt , the city forms the polycentric conurbation of Leipzig-Halle . Between the two cities ( in Schkeuditz ) lies Leipzig/Halle International Airport . Leipzig is located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southwest of Berlin in the Leipzig Bay , which constitutes the southernmost part of the North German Plain , at the confluence of the White Elster River ( progression : Saale→ Elbe→ North Sea ) and two of its tributaries : the Pleiße and the Parthe . The name of the city as well as the names of many of its boroughs are of Slavic origin . Leipzig has been a trade city since at least the time of the Holy Roman Empire . The city sits at the intersection of the Via Regia and the Via Imperii , two important medieval trade routes . Leipzig was once one of the major European centres of learning and culture in fields such as music and publishing . After the Second World War and during the period of the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) Leipzig remained a major urban centre in East German terms , but its cultural and economic importance declined . Events in Leipzig in 1989 played a significant role in precipitating the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe , mainly through demonstrations starting from St. Nicholas Church . The immediate effects of the reunification of Germany included the collapse of the local economy , which had come to depend on highly polluting heavy industry , severe unemployment , and urban blight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Phillies", "text": "The Gulf Coast League ( GCL ) Phillies are a minor league baseball team located at the Carpenter Complex , in Clearwater , Florida . A member of the rookie-level Gulf Coast League , the Phillies are an affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball as either draftees or non-drafted free agents from the United States , Canada , Dominican Republic , Venezuela , and various other countries . The GCL Phillies played some games at the Joe DiMaggio Complex in Clearwater in 2009 while the Carpenter Complex was being renovated . The GCL Phillies also play some home games at Bright House Field . Beginning in the 2018 season , the Phillies have fielded two GCL teams , East and West , originally named for the divisions ( Northeast and Northwest ) in which they competed . In 2019 , both teams compete in the North division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Collyweston", "text": "Collyweston is a village and civil parish in East Northamptonshire , about three miles southwest of Stamford , Lincolnshire , on the road ( the A43 ) to Kettering . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 514 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Genoa_C.F.C.", "text": "Genoa Cricket and Football Club , commonly referred to as Genoa ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈdʒɛːnoa ] ) , is an Italian professional football club based in Genoa , Liguria . Established on 7 September 1893 , it is Italy 's fourth oldest football team ( after Torino F.C.C. , Nobili Torino and Internazionale Torino ) , and the oldest active Italian football team , with over 125 years of activity . During their long history , Genoa have won the Italian Championship nine times . Genoa 's first title came at the inaugural championship in 1898 and their most recent was in 1923-24 . They have also won the Coppa Italia once . Historically , Genoa are the fourth most successful Italian club in terms of championships won . This slew of early successes may lie at the origin of the love professed for the team by the godfather of Italian sports journalists Gianni Brera ( 1919-92 ) , who , despite having been born nowhere near Genoa , always declared himself a supporter of the team . Brera went as far as creating the nickname Vecchio Balordo ( Old Fool or Cranky Old One ) for Genoa . The club has played its home games at the 36,536 capacity Stadio Luigi Ferraris since 1911 . Since 1946 , the ground has been shared with local rivals Sampdoria . Genoa has spent most of its post-war history going up and down between Serie A and Serie B , with two brief spells in Serie C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Independence,_Kansas", "text": "Independence is a city in and the county seat of Montgomery County , Kansas , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 9,483 . It was named in commemoration of the Declaration of Independence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RML_9_inch_12_ton_gun", "text": "The RML 9-inch guns Mark I - Mark VI [ note 1 ] were large rifled muzzle-loading guns of the 1860s used as primary armament on smaller British ironclad battleships and secondary armament on larger battleships , and also ashore for coast defence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina_Tar_Heels_football", "text": "The North Carolina Tar Heels football team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the sport of American football . The Tar Heels play in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . North Carolina has played in 34 bowl games in its history and won three Southern Conference championships and five Atlantic Coast Conference titles . Thirty Tar Heel players have been honored as first-team All-Americas on 38 occasions . Carolina had 32 All-Southern Conference selections when it played in that league until 1952 and since joining the ACC in 1953 , has had 174 first-team All-ACC choices . Since joining the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953 , the team has won five conference championships , with the most recent title coming in 1980 . One very important contribution to the game of football by Carolina is the modern use of the forward pass ; they were the first college team to use the play in 1895 . Bob Quincy notes in his 1973 book They Made the Bell Tower Chime : John Heisman , a noted historian , wrote 30 years later that , indeed , the Tar Heels had given birth to the forward pass against the Bulldogs ( UGA ) . It was conceived to break a scoreless deadlock and give UNC a 6-0 win . The Tar Heels were in a punting situation and a Georgia rush seemed destined to block the ball . The punter , with an impromptu dash to his right , tossed the ball and it was caught by George Stephens , who ran 70 yards for a touchdown . The program has long been overshadowed by the school 's powerhouse men 's basketball team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santi_Mina", "text": "Santiago Santi Mina Lorenzo ( Spanish pronunciation : [ sanˈtjaɣo ˈsanti ˈmina loˈɾenθo ] ; born 7 December 1995 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RC Celta de Vigo as a forward . He began his career at Celta , scoring 12 goals in 56 games across three seasons before a €10 million move to Valencia in 2015 . Four years later , he returned to Celta ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Marie_Brackenridge", "text": "Henry Marie Brackenridge ( 1786-1871 ) was an American writer , lawyer , judge , superintendent and first federal forester ) and Congressman from Pennsylvania . He was born the son of the writer and judge Hugh Henry Brackenridge in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania on May 11 , 1786 . Educated by his father and private tutors , he attended a French academy at Ste . Genevieve , Louisiana ( now Missouri ) . He studied law and was admitted to the Pennsylvania bar in 1806 , then practiced in Somerset , Pennsylvania . He moved to St. Louis , Missouri , where he was a lawyer and journalist . In 1811 Brackenridge was the first recorded tourist to present-day South Dakota , hosted by fur trader Manuel Lisa . Henry was appointed deputy attorney general of the Territory of Orleans ( Louisiana ) , and district judge of Louisiana in 1812 . He played an intelligence role during the War of 1812 , and in 1814 published a history of the war . In 1817 he was appointed secretary of a mission to South America . He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1818 . Brackenridge in 1821 entered the diplomatic service of General Andrew Jackson , who was the new commissioner of Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/6th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 6th Infantry Division was an infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II , created on 1 March 1941 in Secunderabad . On 11 September 1941 it was shipped to the Iraq and later Iran . During 1942 and 1943 it was part of the Tenth Army . The division remained in the Middle East where it was disbanded on 15 October 1944 in Basra , Iraq . During World War II its commanders included Major-General James Noel Thomson , Major-General Arthur Holworthy , and Major-General B.H . Chappel . After the Partition of India , the post-independence Indian Army reraised the 6th Division as the 6th Mountain Division in 1963 . The division headquarters was initially at Naini Tal . The division is now headquartered at Bareilly and is part of the Central Command . The Garuda Division as it is known has been commanded amongst others by Maj Gen S K Korla , DSO and Maj Gen R Z Kabraji , AVSM , ADC . Kabraji succeeded Korla and was GOC from December 1966 to January 1969 . Maj Gen ( later Lt Gen ) D K Chandorkar took over from Kabraji ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lemsford_Ferry", "text": "The Lemsford Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The ferry carries Grid Road 649 across the South Saskatchewan River at Lemsford , Saskatchewan . The ferry is located near Lemsford Ferry Regional Park . The ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure and is free of toll . The ferry operates only while the river is free of ice , typically from mid April to mid November . During this time , the ferry runs on demand from 7:00 A.M. CST to midnight . The ferry is 16.7 metres ( 55 ft ) long , 6.7 metres ( 22 ft ) wide , and had a load limit of 18.5 tonnes ( 18.2 long tons ; 20.4 short tons ) . The capacity of the ferry is six cars . The ferry carries approximately 10,000 vehicles a year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Musuľbes", "text": "David Vladimirovich Musulbes ( Russian : Давид Владимирович Мусульбес ; born 28 May 1972 , Ordzhonikidze , North Ossetian ASSR ) is a retired Russian wrestler of Georgian origin who competed for Russia and later represented Slovakia . He is the 2000 Summer Olympics winner in freestyle 130 kg , the 2001 and 2002 World Champion in freestyle 120 kg . In 2007 , he gained Slovak citizenship and represented Slovakia at the 2008 Summer Olympics , winning the bronze medal in freestyle 120 kg . After Artur Taymazov , who defeated Musulbes in semifinals , was positively tested for banned substance in his urine sample and disqualified , Musulbes moved to second place and silver medal . Musulbes lives in Moscow , where he is the director of the Moscow Secondary Special Olympic Reserve School No . 1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Lee_(basketball)", "text": "David Lee ( born April 29 , 1983 ) is an American former professional basketball player . He played college basketball for the Florida Gators before he was drafted 30th overall by the New York Knicks in the 2005 NBA draft . In the 2009-10 season , Lee received his first All-Star selection with the Knicks . In the 2010 offseason , Lee was signed and traded to the Golden State Warriors . With the Warriors , Lee received a second All-Star selection , became an All-NBA Team member , and won an NBA championship in 2015 in his fifth and final season with the team . After short stints with three other NBA teams and becoming a free agent in June 2017 , Lee retired in November 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stoddard_County,_Missouri", "text": "Stoddard County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 29,968 . The county seat is Bloomfield . The county was officially organized on January 2 , 1835 , and is named for Amos Stoddard , the first American commandant ( an early term for governor ) of Upper Louisiana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Magic_School_Bus_(book_series)", "text": "The Magic School Bus is a series of children 's books about science , written by Joanna Cole and illustrated by Bruce Degen . They feature the antics of Ms. Valerie Frizzle and her class , who board a sentient anthropomorphic Type A school bus which takes them on field trips to impossible locations , including the solar system , clouds , the past , and the human body . The books are written in the first person from the point of view of an unnamed student in the Friz 's class . The class has a pet lizard named Liz , who accompanies the class on their field trips . Since the Magic School Bus books present scientific facts in the form of stories in which fantastic things happen ( for example , the bus turns into a spaceship , or children shrink to the size of blood cells ) , each book has a page at the end detailing in a humorous manner which parts of the book represented scientific fact and which were fanciful storytelling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avatar_(2009_film)", "text": "Avatar ( marketed as James Cameron 's Avatar ) is a 2009 American epic science fiction film directed , written , produced , and co-edited by James Cameron and stars Sam Worthington , Zoe Saldana , Stephen Lang , Michelle Rodriguez , and Sigourney Weaver . The film is set in the mid-22nd century when humans are colonizing Pandora , a lush habitable moon of a gas giant in the Alpha Centauri star system , in order to mine the mineral unobtanium , a room-temperature superconductor . The expansion of the mining colony threatens the continued existence of a local tribe of Na'vi - a humanoid species indigenous to Pandora . The film 's title refers to a genetically engineered Na'vi body operated from the brain of a remotely located human that is used to interact with the natives of Pandora . Development of Avatar began in 1994 , when Cameron wrote an 80-page treatment for the film . Filming was supposed to take place after the completion of Cameron 's 1997 film Titanic , for a planned release in 1999 , but , according to Cameron , the necessary technology was not yet available to achieve his vision of the film . Work on the language of the film 's extraterrestrial beings began in 2005 , and Cameron began developing the screenplay and fictional universe in early 2006 . Avatar was officially budgeted at $ 237 million . Other estimates put the cost between $ 280 million and $ 310 million for production and at $ 150 million for promotion . The film made extensive use of new motion capture filming techniques , and was released for traditional viewing , 3D viewing ( using the RealD 3D , Dolby 3D , XpanD 3D , and IMAX 3D formats ) , and for 4D experiences in select South Korean theaters . The stereoscopic filmmaking was touted as a breakthrough in cinematic technology . Avatar premiered in London on December 10 , 2009 , and was released in the United States on December 18 to positive reviews , with critics highly praising its groundbreaking visual effects ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Software_license", "text": "A software license is a legal instrument ( usually by way of contract law , with or without printed material ) governing the use or redistribution of software . Under United States copyright law , all software is copyright protected , in both source code and object code forms , unless that software was developed by the United States Government , in which case it can not be copyrighted . Authors of copyrighted software can donate their software to the public domain , in which case it is also not covered by copyright and , as a result , can not be licensed . A typical software license grants the licensee , typically an end-user , permission to use one or more copies of software in ways where such a use would otherwise potentially constitute copyright infringement of the software owner 's exclusive rights under copyright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Croatia", "text": "Croatia ( /kroʊˈeɪʃə/ ( listen ) , kroh-AY-shə ; Croatian : Hrvatska , pronounced [ xř̩ʋaːtskaː ] ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Croatian : Republika Hrvatska , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ d ] is a country in Southeast Europe . It borders Slovenia to the northwest , Hungary to the northeast , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Montenegro to the southeast , sharing a maritime border with Italy . Its capital , Zagreb , forms one of the country 's primary subdivisions , along with twenty counties . Croatia has an area of 56,594 square kilometres ( 21,851 square miles ) and a population of 4.28 million , most of whom are Roman Catholics . Croatia has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Age . The Croats arrived in the area in the 6th century and organised the territory into two duchies by the 9th century . Croatia was first internationally recognized as an independent state on 7 June 879 during the reign of duke Branimir . Tomislav became the first king by 925 , elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom , which retained its sovereignty for nearly two centuries . During the succession crisis after the Trpimirović dynasty ended , Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102 . In 1527 , faced with Ottoman conquest , the Croatian Parliament elected Ferdinand I of Austria to the Croatian throne . In October 1918 , in the final days of World War I , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , independent from Austria-Hungary , was proclaimed in Zagreb , and in December 1918 it was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) . Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , most of the Croatian territory was incorporated into a Nazi-backed client-state , the Independent State of Croatia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drayton_Parslow", "text": "Drayton Parslow is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England , about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) south of Bletchley . The 2011 Census recorded the parish 's population as 614 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saddleworth_Moor", "text": "Saddleworth Moor is a moorland in North West England . Reaching more than 1,312 feet ( 400 m ) above sea level , it is in the Dark Peak area of the Peak District National Park . It is crossed by the A635 road and the Pennine Way passes to its eastern side ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pleiku", "text": "Pleiku is a city in central Vietnam , located in that nation 's central highland region . It is the capital of the Gia Lai Province ; Many years ago , it was inhabited primarily by the Bahnar and Jarai ethnic groups , sometimes known as the Montagnards or Degar . But now , it is inhabited primarily by Kinh ethnic group . The town is the centre of the urban district of Pleiku which covers an area of 261 km² . As of 2003 the district had a population of 186,763 . The city sits at the junction of several national roads - National Route 14 to Kon Tum in the north and Buôn Ma Thuột in the south and National Route 19 to Stœng Trêng in Cambodia in the west ( via Ratanakiri Province ) and to Bình Định Province in the east . The city is home to the Hoàng Anh Gia Lai football club . Pleiku is served by Pleiku Airport in the near outskirts of the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alejandro_Sanz", "text": "Alejandro Sánchez Pizarro , better known as Alejandro Sanz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aleˈxandɾo ˈsanθ ] ; born December 18 , 1968 ) , is a Spanish musician , singer and composer . Sanz has won 17 Latin Grammy Awards and three Grammy Awards . He has received the Latin Grammy for Album of the Year three times , more than any other artist . The singer is notable for his flamenco-influenced ballads , and has also experimented with several other genres including pop , rock , funk , R & B and jazz . Born in Madrid to parents from Andalusia , Sanz began playing guitar at age seven , taking influence from his family 's flamenco roots . Sanz released his debut album at age nineteen , although he did not gain commercial success in Spain until his second release , Viviendo Deprisa . His next two records , Si Tú Me Miras ( 1993 ) and 3 ( 1995 ) also fared well commercially , but it was his 1997 breakthrough album Más that garnered international success . El Alma al Aire followed in 2000 , selling more than a million copies in its first week . In 2002 , he became the first Spanish artist to record an MTV Unplugged album . His collaboration with Shakira on the 2005 single La Tortura reached number one on several charts worldwide . He experimented with more diverse styles of music with the albums No Es lo Mismo ( 2003 ) and El Tren de los Momentos ( 2006 ) , while his 2009 release , Paraíso Express served as a return to form for the musician . Sanz signed to Universal Music Group in 2011 and released his tenth studio album , La Música No Se Toca , in 2012 , followed by Sirope in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_College_Eagles_baseball", "text": "The Boston College Eagles baseball team represents Boston College in NCAA Division I college baseball . The team participates in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference . The head coach of the Eagles is Mike Gambino , a 2000 alumnus of Boston College , and the team plays its home games at the newly constructed Brighton Field after having played at Shea Field from 1961 to 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Devon", "text": "Devon ( /ˈdɛvən/ ) , also known as Devonshire , is a county of England , reaching from the Bristol Channel in the north to the English Channel in the south . It is part of South West England , bounded by Cornwall to the west , Somerset to the north east , and Dorset to the east . The city of Exeter is the county town . The county includes the districts of East Devon , Mid Devon , North Devon , South Hams , Teignbridge , Torridge , and West Devon . Plymouth and Torbay are each geographically part of Devon , but are administered as unitary authorities . Combined as a ceremonial county , Devon 's area is 6,707 km2 ( 2,590 square miles ) and its population is about 1.1 million . Devon derives its name from Dumnonia . During the British Iron Age , Roman Britain , and the early Middle Ages , this was the homeland of the Dumnonii Brittonic Celts . ( The shift from M to V is a typical Celtic consonant shift . ) The Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain resulted in the partial assimilation of Dumnonia into the Kingdom of Wessex during the eighth and ninth centuries . The western boundary with Cornwall was set at the River Tamar by King Æthelstan in 936 . Devon was later constituted as a shire of the Kingdom of England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boulder_County,_Colorado", "text": "Boulder County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S. state of Colorado of the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 294,567 . The most populous municipality in the county and the county seat is Boulder . Boulder County comprises the Boulder , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Denver-Aurora , CO Combined Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bloomington,_Illinois", "text": "Bloomington is a city in and the county seat of McLean County , Illinois , United States . It is adjacent to Normal , and is the more populous of the two principal municipalities of the Bloomington-Normal metropolitan area . The 2010 Census showed the city had a population of 76,610 , making it the 12th most populated city in Illinois , and the fifth-most populous city in the state outside the Chicago Metropolitan Area . Combined with Normal , the twin cities have a population of roughly 130,000 . Bloomington is home to the corporate headquarters of State Farm Insurance and Country Financial ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_McIntyre_(actor)", "text": "William McIntyre , who was often credited as Bill McIntyre , ( September 2 , 1929 - March 19 , 2010 ) was an American actor , whose credits included roles in Newhart , Dallas and Murphy Brown . He also had a long career in theater , including Off Broadway and in regional productions . McIntyre was born in Rochester , New York , but raised in Grand Rapids , Michigan . He toured with numerous regional theater companies , including the Guthrie Theater company in Minnesota , Long Wharf Theatre in Connecticut , and the McCarter Theatre of Princeton , New Jersey . He also toured with the national company of The Great White Hope . His Broadway theater credits included The Secret Affairs of Mildred Wild , opposite actress Maureen Stapleton . McIntyre appeared in The Fantasticks off Broadway . McIntyre 's last public performance was in the New York City production of You Ca n't Take It with You . He died of natural causes in Englewood , New Jersey , at the age of 80 . He had been staying at the Actors Fund Home in Englewood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Owe_Wiktorin", "text": "Owe Erik Axel Wiktorin ( born 7 May 1940 ) , is a Swedish Air Force general . Wiktorin was Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1994 to 2000 . His time as Supreme Commander was marked by major cutbacks of the Swedish defense ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mabalacat", "text": "Mabalacat , officially the City of Mabalacat , ( Kapampangan : Lakanbalen ning Mabalacat ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Mabalacat ) , or simply referred to as Mabalacat City , is a 3rd class city in the province of Pampanga , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 250,799 people . The former municipality was officially converted into a city following a referendum on July 21 , 2012 and became the third in Pampanga after Angeles City and San Fernando . The city 's name is derived from indigenous Negrito word mabalacat meaning forest of balacats . Mabalacat has a land area of 83.18 square kilometres ( 32.12 sq mi ) . Roughly majority of the Clark Freeport Zone is located in Mabalacat , the rest in nearby Angeles City , where the main gate is located . The Clark International Airport , as well as the numerous hotels , casinos , golf courses , and resorts in Clark Freeport , are mostly situated in Mabalacat City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dame_Edna_Everage", "text": "Dame Edna Everage , often known simply as Dame Edna , is a character created and performed by Australian comedian Barry Humphries , known for her lilac-coloured or wisteria hue hair and cat eye glasses or face furniture , her favourite flower , the gladiolus ( gladdies ) and her boisterous greeting : Hello , Possums ! As Dame Edna , Humphries has written several books including an autobiography , My Gorgeous Life , appeared in several films and hosted several television shows ( on which Humphries has also appeared as himself and other alter-egos ) . Humphries has regularly updated Edna , originally a drab Melbourne housewife satirising Australian suburbia . Then he caused the Edna character to adopt an increasingly outlandish wardrobe after performances in London in the 1960s through which his Edna character grew in stature and popularity . She is also well-known for her outlandish spectacles . Barry Humphries has claimed that they were inspired by the glasses worn by Melbourne eccentric , beautician , radio broadcaster , actor and dancer Stephanie Deste , as were many other aspects of Dame Edna 's personality . Following film appearances and an elevation to damehood in the 1970s , the character evolved to Housewife and Superstar , then Megastar and finally Gigastar . Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , Dame Edna became increasingly known in North America after multiple stage and television appearances . Edna describes her chat-shows as an intimate conversation between two friends , one of whom is a lot more interesting than the other . The character has been used to satirise the cult of celebrity , class snobbery , and prudishness and is often used by Humphries to poke fun at the political leaders and fashions of the times . Her exuberant persona and scathing commentary on society and celebrity , as well as her habit of treating celebrities like ordinary people ( on her television shows ) and ordinary people like celebrities ( in her stage shows ) have become signatures . Although Humphries freely states that Edna is a character he plays , Edna refers to Humphries as her entrepreneur or manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hairspray_Live!", "text": "Hairspray Live ! is a television special that aired live on NBC on December 7 , 2016 . Produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron , and hosted by Darren Criss , it is a performance of a new adaptation of the 2002 Broadway musical Hairspray ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disparo_al_Corazón", "text": "Disparo al Corazón ( English : Shot to the Heart ) is a song recorded by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin , released on January 13 , 2015 as the second single from his Grammy Award-winning Spanish-language album , A Quien Quiera Escuchar ( 2015 ) . It was written by Ricky Martin , Pedro Capó , Yoel Henriquez and Rafael Esparza Ruiz , and produced by Julio Reyes Copello ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brother_Bear_2", "text": "Brother Bear 2 is a 2006 American animated direct-to-video road film and the sequel to the animated feature Brother Bear , which was released on August 29 , 2006 . Melissa Etheridge contributed three songs to the film . In the film , the adventures of bear brothers Kenai and Koda continue . While the first film dealt with Kenai 's relationship with Koda , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human of his past , Nita . Only five of the original characters return for the sequel ( excluding Denahi ) , including Kenai , Koda , Rutt , Tuke , and Tug , as Jason Raize passed in 2004 . Only four of those actors came back to do their original roles , which include Jeremy Suarez , Rick Moranis , Dave Thomas , and Michael Clarke Duncan . Producer Jim Ballantine was removed from the project and replaced with producer Carolyn Bates . Jason Marsden , as heard in the first trailer , was originally announced to voice Kenai , originally voiced by Joaquin Phoenix in the first film , but Patrick Dempsey ultimately voiced the character . However , the end credits still note Marsden as one of the additional voices ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Edinburgh", "text": "The University of Edinburgh ( abbreviated as Edin . in post-nominals ) , founded in 1582 , is the sixth oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of Scotland 's ancient universities . The university has five main campuses in the city of Edinburgh , with many of the buildings in the historic Old Town belonging to the university . The university played an important role in leading Edinburgh to its reputation as a chief intellectual centre during the Age of Enlightenment , and helped give the city the nickname of the Athens of the North . The University of Edinburgh is ranked 20th in the world by the 2020 QS World University Rankings . It is ranked as the 6th best university in Europe by the U.S. News ' Best Global Universities Ranking , and 7th best in Europe by the Times Higher Education Ranking . The Research Excellence Framework , a research ranking used by the UK government to determine future research funding , ranked Edinburgh ( joint submission with Heriot-Watt ) 4th in the UK for research power , and 11th overall . It is ranked the 48th most employable university in the world by the 2020 Global Employability University Ranking . It is a member of both the Russell Group , and the League of European Research Universities , a consortium of 21 research universities in Europe . It has the third largest endowment of any university in the United Kingdom , after the universities of Cambridge and Oxford . The annual income of the institution for 2018-19 was £1,080.6 million of which £285.7 million was from research grants and contracts , with an expenditure of £1,211.9 million . Alumni of the university include some of the major figures of modern history , including 3 signatories of the American declaration of independence and 9 heads of state and government ( including 3 Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doha", "text": "Doha ( Arabic : الدوحة , ad-Dawḥa or ad-Dōḥa , pronounced [ adˈdawħa ] ) is the capital and most populous city of the State of Qatar . It has a population of 956,460 ( 2015 ) . The city is located on the coast of the Persian Gulf in the east of the country . It is Qatar 's fastest growing city , with over 80% of the nation 's population living in Doha or its surrounding suburbs , [ citation needed ] and it is also the economic centre of the country . Doha was founded in the 1820s as an offshoot of Al Bidda . It was officially declared as the country 's capital in 1971 , when Qatar gained independence from being a British Protectorate . As the commercial capital of Qatar and one of the emergent financial centres in the Middle East , Doha is considered a beta-level global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . Doha accommodates Education City , an area devoted to research and education . The city was host to the first ministerial-level meeting of the Doha Development Round of World Trade Organization negotiations . It was also selected as host city of a number of sporting events , including the 2006 Asian Games , the 2011 Pan Arab Games and most of the games at the 2011 AFC Asian Cup . In December 2011 , the World Petroleum Council held the 20th World Petroleum Conference in Doha . Additionally , the city hosted the 2012 UNFCCC Climate Negotiations and is set to host many of the venues for the 2022 FIFA World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Shooting competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing were held from August 9 to August 17 , at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall ( rifle and pistol events ) and Beijing Shooting Range Clay Target Field ( shotgun events ) . Of the fifteen events , the host country won five . Highlights included :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Free_Agent", "text": "In professional sports , a free agent is a player who is eligible to sign freely with any club or franchise ; i.e. , not under contract to any specific team . The term is also used in reference to a player who is under contract at present but who is allowed to solicit offers from other teams . In some circumstances , the free agent 's options are limited by league rules ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A-League_Grand_Final", "text": "The A-League is the premier professional association football league in Australia . It is currently consists of ten teams ; nine based in Australia and one based in New Zealand . The league has been contested since 2005 . In its most recent form , the league includes a 27-round regular season and an end-of-season finals series playoff tournament involving the highest-placed teams , culminating in the Grand Final match . The winner of the A-League Grand Final is crowned champions , where as the regular season winners is dubbed premiers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golden_State_Warriors", "text": "The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in San Francisco . The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division . Founded in 1946 in Philadelphia , the Warriors moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1962 and took the city 's name , before changing its geographic moniker to Golden State in 1971 . [ b ] They play their home games at the Chase Center . The Warriors won the inaugural Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) championship in 1947 , [ c ] and won again in 1956 , led by Hall of Fame trio Paul Arizin , Tom Gola , and Neil Johnston . After a brief rebuilding period after the trade of star Wilt Chamberlain , the team moved to San Francisco . In 1975 , star players Jamaal Wilkes and Rick Barry powered the Warriors to their third championship , largely considered one of the biggest upsets in NBA history . The team struggled in the 1980s , then became playoff regulars at the turn of the decade with stars Tim Hardaway , Mitch Richmond , and Chris Mullin , nicknamed Run TMC . The team returned to championship glory in 2015 , led by Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , and Draymond Green ; they won again in 2017 and 2018 , with the help of former MVP Kevin Durant . Nicknamed the Dubs as a shortening of W 's , the Warriors hold several NBA records : best regular season , most wins in a season ( regular season and postseason combined ) , and best postseason run . Curry and Thompson are among the greatest backcourts of all time . Only the Los Angeles Lakers and Boston Celtics have more NBA championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bret_Michaels", "text": "Bret Michael Sychak ( born Friday , March 15 , 1963 ) , professionally known as Bret Michaels , is an American singer-songwriter and musician . He gained fame as the lead singer of the glam rock band Poison who have sold over 40 million records worldwide and 15 million records in the United States alone . The band has also charted 10 singles to the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100 , including six Top 10 singles and a number-one single , Every Rose Has Its Thorn . Besides his career as lead singer , he has several solo albums to his credit , including the soundtrack album to the movie A Letter from Death Row in which Michaels starred , wrote and directed in 1998 , and a Poison-style rock album , Songs of Life , in 2003 . Michaels has appeared in several movies and TV shows , including as a judge on the talent show Nashville Star which led to his country influenced rock album Freedom of Sound in 2005 . He starred in the hit VH1 reality show Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and its sequels , which inspired his successful solo album Rock My World . He was also the winning contestant on NBC 's reality show Celebrity Apprentice 3 and also featured in his own reality docu-series Bret Michaels : Life As I Know It , which inspired his highest charting album as a solo artist , Custom Built , reaching No . 1 on Billboard 's Hard Rock list . He is also known for hosting on the Travel Channel . In 2006 , Hit Parader ranked Michaels at # 40 on their list of greatest Heavy metal singers of all-time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caligula_(Glanert)", "text": "Caligula is 2006 German-language opera by Detlev Glanert in four acts to a libretto by Hans-Ulrich Treichel , freely adapted from the 1945 play by Albert Camus . The published version by Boosey & Hawkes also includes an English version by Amanda Holden . The opera premiered at the Oper Frankfurt , conducted by Markus Stenz , directed by Christian Pade [ de ] . The plot of Camus ' play tells of the last days of Caligula ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emblem_of_Thailand", "text": "The national emblem of Thailand ( ) is called the Phra Khrut Pha ( RTGS transcription ; ; Garuda as the vehicle ( of Vishnu ) ) . The Garuda was officially adopted as the national emblem by King Vajiravudh ( Rama VI ) in 1911 . However , the mythical creature had been used as a symbol of royalty in Thailand for centuries . The Garuda is depicted on seals , which are used by the King of Thailand and the Government of Thailand to authenticate official documents and as its primary emblem . The Garuda is a mythological beast of the Hindu and Buddhist tradition . According to Hindu mythology , the Garuda is the vahana ( vehicle ) of the god Vishnu ( more commonly known in Thailand as Narayana ) . The ancient kings of Thailand believed in divine kingship , and considered themselves the incarnation of the god Narayana . Thus , the Garuda came to symbolise the divine power and authority of the king . The Garuda also features in the national emblem of Indonesia and the emblem of the city of Ulaanbaatar ( the capital of Mongolia ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lillestrøm_SK", "text": "Lillestrøm Sportsklubb is a Norwegian professional football club from the city of Lillestrøm , just outside of the capital Oslo . Starting with the 2020 season , they will compete in OBOS-ligaen , the second tier of Norwegian football , following their 2019 relegation . The club was founded in 1917 , after the merger of two local football clubs . Their home ground is Åråsen Stadion , which has a capacity of 12,250 people , while the principal training ground is Lillestrøm stadion , or the indoor arena , LSK-Hallen . The club holds the Norwegian record for the most consecutive years without being relegated , having played 45 seasons from 1975 until 2019 . Over the years the club has had around 40 players who have represented the Norwegian national team . There has also been a number of foreigners who have represented the national teams of Sweden , Iceland , Senegal , Finland , Malta , Australia , South Africa , Slovenia , Tunisia , Canada , Somalia , and Nigeria . The club also have teams in bandy and futsal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CHAT-TV", "text": "CHAT-TV , VHF analogue channel 6 , is a Citytv-affiliated television station located in Medicine Hat , Alberta , Canada . The station is owned by the Jim Pattison Group . CHAT 's studios are located at 10 Boundary Road SE in the nearby town of Redcliff , and its transmitter is located near the Trans-Canada Highway and Range Road 80 , northwest of Redcliff . This station can also be seen locally on Shaw Cable channel 3 and regionally on Bell TV channel 248 . CHAT also operates rebroadcasters in Pivot ( CHAT-TV-1 , channel 4 ) and Maple Creek , Saskatchewan ( CHAT-TV-2 , channel 6 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Snapp", "text": "Henry Snapp ( June 30 , 1822 - November 26 , 1895 ) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois . He was the father of Howard Malcolm Snapp , also a U.S. Representative ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Vitality_(PG-100)", "text": "During the first year and more after the United States entered the war against the Axis powers , the United States Navy suffered from an acute shortage of warships , particularly of antisubmarine warfare and escort types . To fill that need , an extensive ship construction and acquisition program was inaugurated . Part of that program consisted of placing orders with British and Canadian firms already tooled up to produce Flower-class corvette . Vitality ( PG-100 ) was such a ship . However , before she was launched on 15 April 1943 by the Midland Shipyard in Canada , she was traded to the Royal Navy under the terms of the lend-lease agreement for a similar ship being constructed in Canada . The British renamed her HMS Willowherb , and she served in the Royal Navy for the duration of the war . On 11 June 1946 , she was returned to the custody of the United States Navy . Though carried on the Navy list as PG-100 following the war , Vitality never actively served the United States Navy . She remained idle until sold on 7 May 1947 . To whom she was sold and for what purpose is unknown , but one source indicates that she was not scrapped until 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cripple_Creek,_Colorado", "text": "Cripple Creek is the Statutory City that is the county seat of Teller County , Colorado , United States . The city population was 1,189 at the 2010 United States Census . Cripple Creek is a former gold mining camp located 44 miles ( 71 km ) southwest of Colorado Springs near the base of Pikes Peak . The Cripple Creek Historic District , which received National Historic Landmark status in 1961 , includes part or all of the city and the surrounding area . The city is now a part of the Colorado Springs , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ultimate_Fighting_Championship", "text": "The Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) is an American mixed martial arts ( MMA ) promotion company based in Las Vegas , Nevada , which is owned and operated by parent company William Morris Endeavor . It is the largest MMA promotion company in the world and features on its roster the highest-level fighters in the sport . The UFC produces events worldwide that showcase twelve weight divisions and abides by the Unified Rules of Mixed Martial Arts . As of 2019 , the UFC has held over 500 events . Dana White has been UFC president since 2001 . Under White 's stewardship , the UFC has grown into a globally popular multi-billion-dollar enterprise . The first event was held in 1993 at the McNichols Sports Arena in Denver , Colorado . The purpose of the early Ultimate Fighting Championship competitions was to identify the most effective martial art in a contest with minimal rules and no weight classes between competitors of different fighting disciplines like boxing , kickboxing , Brazilian jiu-jitsu , sambo , wrestling , Muay Thai , karate , and judo . In subsequent events , fighters began adopting effective techniques from more than one discipline , which indirectly helped create a separate style of fighting known as present-day mixed martial arts . In 2016 , UFC 's parent company , Zuffa , was sold to a group led by William Morris Endeavor ( WME-IMG ) , including Silver Lake Partners , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and MSD Capital for US $ 4.025 billion . With a TV deal and expansion in Australia , Asia , Europe , and new markets within the United States , the UFC has increased in popularity , and has achieved greater mainstream media coverage ; the promotion brought in a total revenue of US $ 609 million in 2015 , and its next domestic media rights agreement with ESPN was valued at $ 1.5 billion over a five-year term ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmel-by-the-Sea,_California", "text": "Carmel-by-the-Sea ( /kɑːrˈmɛl/ ) , often simply called Carmel , is a city in Monterey County , California , United States , founded in 1902 and incorporated on October 31 , 1916 . Situated on the Monterey Peninsula , Carmel is known for its natural scenery and rich artistic history . In 1906 , the San Francisco Call devoted a full page to the artists , writers and poets at Carmel-by-the-Sea , and in 1910 it reported that 60 percent of Carmel 's houses were built by citizens who were devoting their lives to work connected to the aesthetic arts . Early City Councils were dominated by artists , and several of the city 's mayors have been poets or actors , including Herbert Heron , founder of the Forest Theater , bohemian writer and actor Perry Newberry , and actor-director Clint Eastwood . The town is known for being dog-friendly , with numerous hotels , restaurants and retail establishments admitting guests with dogs . Carmel is also known for several unusual laws , including a prohibition on wearing high-heel shoes without a permit , enacted to prevent lawsuits arising from tripping accidents caused by irregular pavement . Carmel-by-the-Sea is located on the Pacific coast , about 330 miles ( 530 km ) north of Los Angeles and 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of San Francisco . Communities near Carmel-by-the-Sea include Carmel Valley and Carmel Highlands . The larger town of Monterey borders Carmel to the north . As of the 2010 census , the town had a total population of 3,722 , down from 4,081 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Heidfeld", "text": "Nick Lars Heidfeld ( born 10 May 1977 ) is a German professional racing driver . Despite scoring regular podium finishes in 2005 with Williams , and in 2007 and 2008 with BMW Sauber , Heidfeld never won a race after debuting in Formula One in 2000 . Heidfeld currently holds three Formula One records ; most podium finishes without a Grand Prix win ( 13 ) , most second-place finishes without a win ( 8 ) , and the most consecutive race classifications ( 41 ) . In 2011 , Heidfeld raced in Formula One for the Renault team as a replacement for the injured Robert Kubica , his former BMW Sauber teammate , before being replaced by Bruno Senna . He currently drives for the Rebellion Racing team in the FIA World Endurance Championship and for Mahindra Racing Formula E Team in Formula E ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juventus_(Belize)", "text": "Juventus FC was a Belizean football team , based in Orange Walk , which currently competes in the Belize Premier Football League ( BPFL ) of the Football Federation of Belize . Their home stadium is Orange Walk People 's Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Action_On_Film_International_Film_Festival", "text": "The Action On Film International Film Festival , also known as the Action On Film Festival , was founded in 2004 . It was held in California until 2017 when it moved to the Palms Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas . As a hub for many returning filmmakers , AOF has become an Official Distributor to SHORTS.TV as well as programming Feature Films for a number of Indie Theaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guerra_de_Titanes_(2006)", "text": "Guerra de Titanes ( War of the Titans ) was the tenth Guerra de Titanes professional wrestling show promoted by AAA . The show took place on December 8 , 2006 in Madero , Mexico . The Main event featured extreme coffin match between Cibernético and El Mesias , with Konnan serving as special referee in the match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anton_Schwarzkopf", "text": "Anton Schwarzkopf ( 8 July 1924 - 30 July 2001 ) was a German engineer of amusement rides , and founder of the Schwarzkopf Industries Company , which built numerous amusement rides and large roller coasters for both amusement parks and traveling funfairs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Pursey", "text": "James Timothy Pursey ( born 9 February 1955 ) is an English rock musician . He is the founder and frontman of the punk rock band Sham 69 , which he has performed with since 1976 , along with releasing material as a solo artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_2000", "text": "Miss Teen USA 2000 , the 18th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Shreveport , Louisiana on August 26 , 2000 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Jillian Parry of Pennsylvania was crowned by outgoing queen Ashley Coleman of Delaware . The pageant was hosted by newcomer Brian McFayden with color commentary by Ali Landry and Julie Moran for the third year . Landry held the Miss Louisiana Teen USA 1990 , Miss Louisiana USA 1996 and Miss USA 1996 titles , making the semi-finals at Miss Teen USA 1990 pageant before winning Miss USA 1996 . During the pageant there were performances by Rachel Lampa , 98 Degrees and Westlife ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ormoc", "text": "Ormoc , officially the City of Ormoc ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Ormoc ; Waray : Syudad han Ormoc ) or simply referred to as Ormoc City , is a 1st class independent component city in the province of Leyte in the region of Eastern Visayas of the Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 215,031 inhabitants , making it the second most-populous city in the province after the provincial capital , Tacloban City . Ormoc is the economic , cultural , commercial and transportation hub of western Leyte . Ormoc City is an independent component city , not subject to regulation from the Provincial Government of Leyte . However , the city is part of the 4th Congressional District of Leyte together with Albuera , Kananga , Merida , Palompon and Isabel , and statistically grouped under the province by the Philippine Statistics Authority . On November 8 , 2013 , the city was extensively damaged by Super Typhoon Yolanda ( Haiyan ) , having previously suffered severe destruction and loss of life in 1991 from torrential flooding during Tropical Storm Thelma ( Uring ) . The city 's name is derived from ogmok , an archaic Visayan term for lowland or depressed plain . The city also celebrates an annual thanksgiving festival called the Piña Festivalin honor to Sts . Peter and Paul for the bountiful harvest of Pineapple ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1975_South_Carolina_Gamecocks_football_team", "text": "The 1975 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina as an independent team in the 1975 NCAA Division I football season . The Gamecocks finished the season 7-5 overall , but lost the Tangerine Bowl to the Miami Redskins , 20-7 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polish_National_Road_Race_Championships", "text": "The Polish National Road Race Championships are held annually to decide the Polish cycling champions in the road race discipline , across various categories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Växjö", "text": "Växjö ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈvɛ̂kːɧœ ] ) is a city and the seat of Växjö Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden . It had 66,275 inhabitants ( 2016 ) out of a municipal population of 90,721 ( 2017 ) . It is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of Kronoberg County and the episcopal see of the Diocese of Växjö . The town is home to Linnaeus University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SJFA_West_Region_Championship", "text": "The SJFA West Region Championship ( known as the McBookie.com West Region Championship for sponsorship reasons ) is a Scottish semi-professional football competition run by the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association and is the second tier of league competition for its member clubs . Formerly known as the West of Scotland Super League First Division , the league began in 2002 when top sides from the former Ayrshire and Central Regions agreed to form two combined Super League divisions above the regional competitions . Originally comprising twelve clubs , it was expanded to fourteen after two years as promotion/relegation places were increased . West Region clubs voted in 2017 to organise all leagues on a regionwide basis and as a result , the second tier Super League First Division was rebranded as the Championship from 2018 onwards and now consists of sixteen clubs . Clubs are promoted to a rebranded Premiership and relegated to a regionwide League One instead of the previous Central and Ayrshire district divisions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Uri", "text": "The canton of Uri ( German : Kanton Uri [ ˈuːʁi ] ( listen ) ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland and a founding member of the Swiss Confederation . It is located in Central Switzerland . The canton 's territory covers the valley of the Reuss between the St. Gotthard Pass and Lake Lucerne . The official language of Uri is ( the Swiss variety of Standard ) German , but the main spoken dialect is the Alemannic Swiss German called Urner German [ de ] . Uri was the only canton where the children in school had to learn Italian as their first foreign language . But in the school year of 2005/2006 this was changed to English as in other Central and Northeastern Swiss cantons . The population is about 35,000 of which 3,046 ( or 8.7% ) are foreigners . The legendary William Tell is said to have hailed from Uri . The historical landmark Rütli lies within the canton of Uri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Société_Générale_de_Surveillance", "text": "SGS ( formerly Société Générale de Surveillance ( French for General Society of Surveillance ) ) is a multinational company headquartered in Geneva , Switzerland which provides inspection , verification , testing and certification services . It has more than 94,000 employees and operates over 2,600 offices and laboratories worldwide . It ranked on Forbes Global 2000 in 2015 , 2016 and 2017 . The core services offered by SGS include the inspection and verification of the quantity , weight and quality of traded goods , the testing of product quality and performance against various health , safety and regulatory standards , and to make sure that products , systems or services meet the requirements of standards set by governments , standardization bodies or by SGS customers . [ a ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Badgerys_Creek,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Badgerys Creek , also known as Badgery 's Creek , is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia , located approximately 41 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government areas of the City of Liverpool . It is part of the Greater Western Sydney region and is adjacent to the suburbs of Kemps Creek and Austral . The suburb is best known as being the most favoured site for a Second Sydney Airport . In April 2014 , the Abbott Government confirmed the construction of the Western Sydney Airport , initially scheduling construction in 2016 , but construction actually began in September 2018 and is scheduled for completion in 2026 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Highland_(council_area)", "text": "Highland ( Scottish Gaelic : A ' Ghàidhealtachd , pronounced [ ˈkɛːəl̪ˠt̪əxk ] ; [ a ] Scots : Heilan ) is a council area in the Scottish Highlands and is the largest local government area in the United Kingdom . It was the 7th most populous council area in Scotland at the 2011 census . It shares borders with the council areas of Aberdeenshire , Argyll and Bute , Moray and Perth and Kinross . Their councils , and those of Angus and Stirling , also have areas of the Scottish Highlands within their administrative boundaries . The Highland area covers most of the mainland and inner-Hebridean parts of the historic counties of Inverness-shire and Ross and Cromarty , all of Caithness , Nairnshire and Sutherland and small parts of Argyll and Moray ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ponce,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Ponce ( UK : /ˈpɒnseɪ/ , US : /ˈpɔːnseɪ , ˈpoʊn-/ , Spanish : [ ˈponse ] ( listen ) ) is both a city and a municipality on the southern coast of Puerto Rico . The city is the seat of the municipal government . Ponce , Puerto Rico 's most populated city outside the San Juan metropolitan area , was founded on 12 August 1692 [ note 1 ] and is named for Juan Ponce de León y Loayza , the great-grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León . [ note 2 ] Ponce is often referred to as La Perla del Sur ( The Pearl of the South ) , La Ciudad Señorial [ b ] ( The Manorial City [ c ] ) , and La Ciudad de las Quenepas ( Genip City ) . The city serves as the governmental seat of the autonomous municipality as well as the regional hub for various Government of Puerto Rico entities , such as the Judiciary of Puerto Rico . It is also the regional center for various other Commonwealth and Federal Government agencies . Ponce is a principal city of both the Ponce Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Ponce-Yauco-Coamo Combined Statistical Area . The Municipality of Ponce , officially the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce , is located in the southern coastal plain region of the island , south of Adjuntas , Utuado , and Jayuya ; east of Peñuelas ; west of Juana Díaz ; and bordered on the south by the Caribbean Sea . The municipality has a total of 31 barrios ( wards ) , including 19 outside the city 's urban area and 12 in the urban area of the city . The historic Ponce Pueblo district , located in the downtown area of the city , is shared by several of the downtown barrios , and is located approximately three miles ( 4.8 km ) inland from the shores of the Caribbean . The municipality of Ponce is the second largest in Puerto Rico by land area , and it was the first in Puerto Rico to obtain its autonomy , becoming the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Campeones_del_36", "text": "The Estadio Municipal Campeones del 36 is a multi-use stadium in Sullana , Peru . It is used by the football team Alianza Atlético . The stadium holds 8,000 people and was built in 2000 . It is a small stadium that is planned to be expanded . The venue name , Champions of 1936 , is misleading . No Peruvian League was actually played in 1936 as the national team was preparing itself to compete in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Germany . Alianza Atlético did , however , win a special national tournament ( representing their home region , Piura ) governed by the Peruvian Football Federation , and the name stuck despite not being recognized officially as national champions thereafter . The venue was remodeled and re-inaugurated in 2018 with an enlarged capacity of 12,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ainslie,_Australian_Capital_Territory", "text": "Ainslie ( postcode : 2602 ) is a leafy suburb of Canberra , Australia in the North Canberra district . The suburb is bounded by Limestone Avenue and Majura Avenue to the west and north , Phillip Avenue to the north-east , Mount Ainslie to the east and Quick Street to the south . Ainslie is within walking distance of the City , the nature trails of Mount Ainslie , the Australian War Memorial and the many restaurants of Dickson . It has many attractions : a central location , with equally easy access to the CBD and the bush trails of Mount Ainslie ; the abundance of charming early twentieth-century , heritage-listed houses ; mature deciduous street trees and general leafiness ; and a vibrant local shopping centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morgan_Township,_Harrison_County,_Indiana", "text": "Morgan Township is one of twelve townships in Harrison County , Indiana . As of the 2010 census , its population was 4,153 and it contained 1,735 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norfolk,_Virginia", "text": "Norfolk ( /ˈnɔːrfʊk/ ( listen ) NOR-fuuk ) is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States . At the 2010 census , the population was 242,803 ; in 2018 , the population was estimated to be 244,076 making it the second-most populous city in Virginia after neighboring Virginia Beach and the 91st largest city in the nation . Norfolk is located at the core of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area , named for the large natural harbor of the same name located at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay . It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area , officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA . The city is bordered to the west by the Elizabeth River and to the north by the Chesapeake Bay . It also shares land borders with the independent cities of Chesapeake to its south and Virginia Beach to its east . Norfolk is one of the oldest cities in Hampton Roads , and is considered to be the historic , urban , financial , and cultural center of the region . The city has a long history as a strategic military and transportation point . The largest naval base in the world , Naval Station Norfolk , is located in Norfolk along with one of NATO 's two Strategic Command headquarters . The city also has the corporate headquarters of Norfolk Southern Railway , one of North America 's principal Class I railroads , however the company is currently in the process of relocating their headquarters to Atlanta , Georgia . Norfolk is also home to Maersk Line , Limited , which manages the world 's largest fleet of US-flag vessels . As the city is bordered by multiple bodies of water , Norfolk has many miles of riverfront and bayfront property , including beaches on the Chesapeake Bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marcel_Vandewattyne", "text": "Marcel Vandewattyne ( 7 July 1924 - 18 September 2009 ) was a Belgian long-distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Top_Gear_(2002_TV_series)", "text": "Top Gear is a British motoring magazine , factual television series , conceived by Jeremy Clarkson and Andy Wilman , launched on 20 October 2002 , and broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two . The programme is a relaunched version of the original 1977 show of the same name , which looks at various motor vehicles , primarily cars . While the original format focused mainly on review of cars , the 2002 version expanded on this with motoring-based challenges , special races , timed laps of notable cars , and celebrity timed laps on a course specially-designed for the relaunched programme , with its format developing over time to focus on a more quirky , humorous and sometimes controversial style of presentation . The programme has received acclaim for its visual style and presentation , as well as criticism for its content . It has been announced that Top Gear will move to BBC One later this year . Since 2002 , the programme has been presented by several hosts . In its first series , the show 's line-up was Clarkson , Richard Hammond and Jason Dawe , with Wilman as the show 's executive producer , and introducing anonymous test driver The Stig , an individual played by numerous racing drivers over the course of the show 's history . Following the first series , Dawe was replaced by James May , with the line-up unchanged until the end of the twenty-second series , when the BBC chose to not renew Clarkson 's contract on 25 March 2015 , following an incident during filming . His dismissal from Top Gear prompted the departure of Hammond , May and Wilman from the programme , and led to them joining Clarkson in forming a new motoring series . For the twenty-third series , the programme was presented by Chris Evans and American Matt LeBlanc , with them joined by four co-presenters who would make occasional appearances during its run : Rory Reid , Sabine Schmitz , Chris Harris and Eddie Jordan . After negative feedback on this series led to Evans resigning from the programme , Harris and Reid became the main hosts alongside LeBlanc , with Schmitz and Jordan making occasional appearances as co-presenters , from the twenty-fourth series onwards . The twenty-seventh series features Chris Harris with new presenters Andrew Flintoff and Paddy McGuinness as the main presenters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Empire_ships_-_A", "text": "Hundreds of Empire ships were employed by the Government of the United Kingdom . They were acquired from a number of sources : many were built for the government ; others obtained from the United States ; still others were captured or seized from enemy powers . Empire ships were mostly used during World War II by the Ministry of War Transport ( MoWT ) , which owned the ships but contracted out their management to various shipping lines ; however , some ships requisitioned during the Suez Crisis were also named as Empire ships . Most Empire ships have since been lost or scrapped ; however a few still remain in active service or preserved ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luigi_Cocilovo", "text": "Luigi Cocilovo ( born 7 October 1947 , in Palermo ) is an Italian Member of the European Parliament and a University researcher in Law . He was elected on the Olive Tree ticket and sits with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group . On 20 July 2004 he was elected one of the 14 Vice-Presidents of the European Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nina_Grewal", "text": "Nina Grewal ( born October 20 , 1958 ) , is a Canadian politician of the Conservative Party . She represented the constituency of Fleetwood - Port Kells , British Columbia from her election in the 2004 federal election to her defeat in the 2015 federal election by Liberal MP Ken Hardie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MAC-11", "text": "The Ingram MAC-11 ( Military Armament Corporation Model 11 ) is a subcompact machine pistol developed by American gun designer Gordon Ingram at the Military Armament Corporation ( MAC ) during the 1970s in Powder Springs , Georgia . The weapon is a sub-compact version of the Model 10 ( MAC-10 ) , and is chambered to fire the smaller .380 ACP round . This weapon is sometimes confused with the Sylvia & Wayne Daniels M-11/9 or the Vulcan M-11-9 , both of which are later variants of the MAC chambered for 9 mm Luger Parabellum cartridge . Cobray also made a .380 ACP variant called the M12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AARP_The_Magazine", "text": "AARP The Magazine is an American bi-monthly magazine , published by the American Association of Retired People , AARP , which focuses on aging issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California", "text": "California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles ( 423,970 km2 ) , California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area . The state capital is Sacramento . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions , with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second-most populous , after New York City . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County . The City and County of San Francisco is both the country 's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . California 's economy , with a gross state product of $ 3.0 trillion , is the largest sub-national economy in the world . If it were a country , California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world ( larger than the United Kingdom , France , or India ) , and the 36th-most populous as of 2017 [ update ] . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and third-largest urban economies ( $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.0 trillion respectively as of 2018 [ update ] ) , after the New York metropolitan area . The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation 's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ( $ 106,757 ) among large primary statistical areas , and is home to three of the world 's ten largest companies by market capitalization and three of the world 's ten richest people . California culture is considered a global trendsetter in popular culture , communication , information , innovation , environmentalism , economics , politics , and entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhythmic_contemporary", "text": "Rhythmic contemporary , also known as Rhythmic Top 40 , Rhythmic CHR or rhythmic crossover , is a primarily American music-radio format that includes a mix of EDM , upbeat rhythmic pop , hip hop and upbeat R & B hits . Rhythmic contemporary never uses rock or country in its airplay , but it may occasionally use a reggae , Latin , reggaeton , or a Christian/gospel hit . Essentially , the format is a cross between mainstream radio and urban contemporary radio formats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Cartland", "text": "Sir George Barrington Cartland , CMG ( 22 September 1912 - 31 July 2008 ) served as the only deputy-governor of Uganda from 1961-62 . After retiring , he later became the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Tasmania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_brown_bat", "text": "The little brown bat ( Myotis lucifugus ) is a species of mouse-eared microbat found in North America . It has a small body size and glossy brown fur . It is similar in appearance to several other mouse-eared bats , including the Indiana bat , northern long-eared bat , and Arizona myotis , to which it is closely related . Despite its name , the little brown bat is not closely related to the big brown bat , which belongs to a different genus . Its mating system is polygynandrous , or promiscuous , and females give birth to one offspring annually . The offspring , called pups , are quickly weaned and reach adult size in some dimensions by three weeks old . The little brown bat has a mean lifespan of 6.5 years , though one individual in the wild reached 34 years old . It is nocturnal , foraging for its insect prey at night and roosting in hollow trees or buildings during the day , among less common roost types . It navigates and locates prey with echolocation . It has few natural predators , but may be killed by raptors such as owls , as well as terrestrial predators such as raccoons . Other sources of mortality include diseases such as rabies and white-nose syndrome . White-nose syndrome has been a significant cause of mortality since 2006 , killing over one million little brown bats by 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhamnus_purshiana", "text": "Rhamnus purshiana ( cascara , cascara buckthorn , cascara sagrada , bearberry , and in the Chinook Jargon , chittem stick and chitticum stick ; syn . Frangula purshiana , Rhamnus purshianus ) is a species of plant in the family Rhamnaceae . It is native to western North America from southern British Columbia south to central California , and eastward to northwestern Montana . The dried bark of cascara was used as a laxative in folk medicine by the indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Marta", "text": "Santa Marta ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˌsanta ˈmaɾta ] ) , officially Distrito Turístico , Cultural e Histórico de Santa Marta ( Touristic , Cultural and Historic District of Santa Marta ) , is a city in Colombia . It is the capital of Magdalena Department and the fourth-largest urban city of the Caribbean Region of Colombia , after Barranquilla , Cartagena , and Soledad . Founded on July 29 , 1525 , by the Spanish conqueror Rodrigo de Bastidas , it was the first Spanish settlement in Colombia , its oldest surviving city , and second oldest in South America . [ citation needed ] This city is situated on a bay by the same name and as such , it is a prime tourist destination in the Caribbean region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1956–57_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1956-57 Montreal Canadiens season was the club 's 48th season of play . The Canadiens would place second in the league to qualify for the playoffs . The Canadiens defeated the Boston Bruins to win the Stanley Cup for the ninth time in team history and for the second year in a row ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forward_(association_football)", "text": "Forwards are the players on a football ( soccer ) team who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals . Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals on behalf of their team than other players . Modern team formations generally include one to three forwards ; for example , the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward . Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards , or none ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hank_Bauer_(American_football)", "text": "Henry John Bauer ( born July 15 , 1954 ) is a former American football running back and current professional television and radio broadcaster . He was named NFL Special Teams Player of the Year three times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheikh_Kamal_International_Stadium,_Cox's_Bazar", "text": "Sheikh Kamal International Stadium ( Bengali : শেখ কামাল আন্তর্জাতিক স্টেডিয়াম ) , also known as Cox 's Bazar Cricket Stadium ( Bengali : কক্সবাজার ক্রিকেট স্টেডিয়াম ) , is a newly developed cricket stadium in the tourist town of Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh . It was built on leased land from Cox 's Bazar Golf Course . The stadium was a shortlisted venue for the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 , however it did not host any matches due to the construction of the ground not finishing in time for the tournament . The first match played at the stadium was a Women 's One Day International match between Bangladesh and Pakistan on 5 March 2014 . It hosted 2 matches of Under-19 One Day International between Bangladesh U-19 and South Africa U-19 . Those 2 matches won by one each . Currently the venue is being used to host Under-19 One Day and Unofficial test matches played by Bangladesh U-19 and Bangladesh A team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heath_McCormick", "text": "Heath McCormick ( born August 7 , 1976 ) is a Canadian-American curler from Sarnia , Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pat_Matzdorf", "text": "Patrick Clifford Pat Matzdorf ( born December 26 , 1949 ) is a former high jumper from the United States , who set a world record of 2.29 meters ( 7'-6 1/4 ) at a World All-Star Track Meet in Berkeley , California . Matzdorf , a Junior at the University of Wisconsin , entered the July 3 , 1971 meet against the Soviet Union with a personal best of 7'-3 ( 2.21 m. ) achieved earlier that year in March . He broke the world record that day on his third attempt at 2.29 meters . Matzdorf utilized the bent-leg straddle jumping style , a modification of the classic straight-leg straddle which dominated the sport in the 1950s and 1960s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bobby_Brennan_(soccer)", "text": "Robert Bobby Brennan is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USL A-League . Brennan attended American University . He was a four-year starter . However , he was forced to redshirt the 2000 season after dislocating his shoulder early in the season . In February 2002 , D.C. United selected Brennan in the fourth round ( 42nd overall ) of the 2002 MLS SuperDraft . D.C. United released him during the pre-season and Brennan signed with the Milwaukee Rampage of the USL A-League . The Rampage won the 2002 A-League title . In 2004 , he played one game with the Long Island Rough Riders of the USL Premier Development League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blackburn_Botha", "text": "The Blackburn B.26 Botha was a British four-seat reconnaissance and torpedo bomber . It was built by Blackburn Aircraft at its factories at Brough and Dumbarton , as a competitor to the Bristol Beaufort , entering service with the RAF in 1939 . The design was underpowered and it was quickly withdrawn from operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California", "text": "California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles ( 423,970 km2 ) , California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area . The state capital is Sacramento . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions , with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second-most populous , after New York City . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County . The City and County of San Francisco is both the country 's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . California 's economy , with a gross state product of $ 3.0 trillion , is the largest sub-national economy in the world . If it were a country , California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world ( larger than the United Kingdom , France , or India ) , and the 36th-most populous as of 2017 [ update ] . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and third-largest urban economies ( $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.0 trillion respectively as of 2018 [ update ] ) , after the New York metropolitan area . The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation 's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ( $ 106,757 ) among large primary statistical areas , and is home to three of the world 's ten largest companies by market capitalization and three of the world 's ten richest people . California culture is considered a global trendsetter in popular culture , communication , information , innovation , environmentalism , economics , politics , and entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Party_Central", "text": "Party Central is a 2014 computer animated short produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures and directed by Kelsey Mann . It premiered on May 29 , 2013 at the D23 Expo in Anaheim , California and was shown in theaters with Muppets Most Wanted on March 21 , 2014 . Party Central is the second short in the Monsters , Inc. franchise and takes place shortly after the events of Monsters University . The short involves Mike and Sulley helping their Oozma Kappa fraternity brothers make their party a success ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Infielder", "text": "An infielder is a baseball player stationed at one of four defensive infield positions on the baseball field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HC_Dynamo_Moscow", "text": "HC Dynamo Moscow ( Russian : ХК Динамо Москва ) is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Moscow . It is a member of the Bobrov Division in the Kontinental Hockey League . Dynamo has won the Gagarin Cup twice , in 2011-12 and 2012-13 seasons , and have won the regular season championship once , in 2013-14 , winning the Continental Cup . The club is one of the most successful teams in Russia , as well as the former Soviet Union ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slavko_Vinčić", "text": "Slavko Vinčić ( born 25 November 1979 ) is a Slovenian professional football referee . He has been full international for FIFA since 2010 . Vinčić went to UEFA Euro 2012 as additional assistant in the team of Damir Skomina . Slavko Vinčić was a referee during the match between the EA Guingamp and Dynamo ( K ) in the round of 32 of 2014-15 UEFA Europa League and showed two red cards to Dynamo Kyiv players . There was some controversy about the red cards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_NFL_season", "text": "The 2012 NFL season was the 93rd regular season of the National Football League , began on Wednesday , September 5 , 2012 , with the defending Super Bowl XLVI champion New York Giants falling to the Dallas Cowboys 24-17 in the 2012 NFL Kickoff game at MetLife Stadium , and ended with Super Bowl XLVII , the league 's championship game , on Sunday , February 3 , 2013 , at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans , with the Jim Harbaugh-coached San Francisco 49ers facing the John Harbaugh-coached Baltimore Ravens . The Ravens won 34-31 . Super Bowl XLVII marked the first time two brothers were head coaches for opposing teams in the championship game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moby_Dick_and_Mighty_Mightor", "text": "Moby Dick and Mighty Mightor is a science fiction animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions which ran on CBS from September 9 , 1967 to January 6 , 1968 , airing in reruns intil September 6 , 1969 . Despite Moby 's name coming first , he had only one short per half-hour episode , sandwiched between two with Mightor . The same structure was used the previous season for Frankenstein , Jr. and The Impossibles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Bull_Racing", "text": "Red Bull Racing ( currently sponsored name Aston Martin Red Bull Racing and also simply known as Red Bull or RBR ) is a Formula One racing team , racing a Honda powered car under an Austrian licence and based in the United Kingdom . The team raced under a British licence from 2005 to 2006 and has raced under an Austrian licence since 2007 . It is one of two Formula One teams owned by beverage company Red Bull GmbH , the other being Scuderia AlphaTauri ( previously Scuderia Toro Rosso ) . The team has been managed by Christian Horner since its formation in 2005 . Red Bull had Cosworth engines in 2005 and Ferrari engines in 2006 . The team used engines supplied by Renault between 2007 and 2018 ( from 2016 to 2018 the Renault engine was re-badged TAG Heuer following the breakdown in the relationship between Red Bull and Renault in 2015 ) . During this partnership they won four successive Drivers ' and Constructors ' Championship titles from 2010 to 2013 , becoming the first Austrian team to win the title . The team began using Honda engines in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/History_of_Test_cricket_from_1877_to_1883", "text": "Test matches in the period 1877 to 1883 were organised somewhat differently from international cricket matches today . All were between Australian and English sides , the teams were rarely representative , and the lengthy boat trip required was one that many cricketers ( especially amateurs ) were unable or unwilling to undertake . As such , the home teams enjoyed a great advantage . Thirteen Test Matches were played during the period between Australian and English sides . Most were not styled as representative England v. Australia contests , however : this description was only applied later by cricket statisticians . The same is true of their designation as Test matches , which did not enter into the vernacular until 1885 . [ citation needed ] Eleven of the thirteen matches played to 1883 were in Australia , where the colonials made the most of their home advantage , winning seven while England won four , and two matches were drawn . By 1883 , the tradition of England-Australia tours was well established , that year having concluded the first Ashes series . When England lost at home for the first time in 1882 , The Sporting Times lamented the death of cricket in the mother country and declared that the body will be cremated and the ashes taken to Australia . England captain Ivo Bligh promised that on the tour to Australia in 1882-83 he would regain the ashes and the term began to be established . During that tour a small terracotta urn was presented to Bligh by a group of Melbourne women . The urn is commonly , but erroneously , believed to be the trophy of the Ashes series , but it has never been formally adopted as such and Bligh always considered it to be a personal gift ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kids'_WB", "text": "Kids ' WB was an American children 's programming service and brand of The WB Television Network from September 9 , 1995 to September 16 , 2006 . It moved to The CW on September 23 , 2006 , which was created by CBS Corporation and Time Warner as a replacement for both The WB and UPN . The Kids ' WB name was discontinued on May 17 , 2008 , with its Saturday morning programming slot being sold to 4Kids Entertainment and replaced by successor block The CW4Kids . Kids ' WB was relaunched as an online network on April 28 , 2008 , a few weeks before the television block was replaced by The CW4Kids . Until it was discontinued on May 17 , 2015 , the service allowed viewers to stream live-action and animated content , including those from Looney Tunes , Hanna-Barbera and DC Comics . The website operated in different zones based on programming type : Kids ' WB , Kids ' WB Jr. ( for shows aimed at younger children ) and DC HeroZone ( for action-oriented animated series ) . It was also available on Fancast featuring Looney Tunes shorts , and full episodes of television series such as Scooby-Doo , The Flintstones , and The Jetsons . Kids ' WB also continues to exist in the form of branded program blocks that air on television in Australia and Bulgaria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlo_Goldoni", "text": "Carlo Osvaldo Goldoni ( /ɡɒlˈdoʊni/ , also US : /ɡɔːlˈ- , ɡoʊlˈ-/ , Italian : [ ˈkarlo oˈzvaldo ɡolˈdoːni ] ; 25 February 1707 - 6 February 1793 ) was an Italian playwright and librettist from the Republic of Venice . His works include some of Italy 's most famous and best-loved plays . Audiences have admired the plays of Goldoni for their ingenious mix of wit and honesty . His plays offered his contemporaries images of themselves , often dramatizing the lives , values , and conflicts of the emerging middle classes . Though he wrote in French and Italian , his plays make rich use of the Venetian language , regional vernacular , and colloquialisms . Goldoni also wrote under the pen name and title Polisseno Fegeio , Pastor Arcade , which he claimed in his memoirs the Arcadians of Rome bestowed on him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elsa_Alcala", "text": "Elsa R. Alcala , also known as Elsa Spjut ( born 1964 ) , Is a former Republican official who most recently served ( 2011-2018 ) as one of the nine judges of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals , the court of last resort for state criminal appeals . She was appointed to the Place 8 on the bench by then Governor Rick Perry , when Charles Holcomb stepped down to run unsuccessfully in 2012 for the United States Senate . On July 16 , 2019 she announced she was leaving the Republican Party to support Democrats at the state and national level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sedgefield_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Sedgefield is a constituency [ n 1 ] represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament [ n 2 ] Sedgefield was continuously represented by Labour MPs from 1935 until 2019 . From 1983 to 2007 , the constituency was represented by Tony Blair , who became Leader of the Labour Party in 1994 , and Prime Minister in 1997 . Blair resigned as Prime Minister , Leader of the Labour Party , and as the MP for Sedgefield in 2007 , triggering a by-election which was retained for the Labour Party by Phil Wilson . In the 2019 general election , the Conservatives took the seat from Labour , ending Labour 's continuous hold on the seat since 1935 . Paul Howell became the new MP with a majority of 4,513 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hamilton,_New_Zealand", "text": "Hamilton ( Māori : Kirikiriroa ) is a city in the North Island of New Zealand . It is the seat and most populous city of the Waikato region , with a territorial population of 165,900 , the country 's fourth most-populous city . Encompassing a land area of about 110 km2 ( 42 sq mi ) on the banks of the Waikato River , Hamilton is part of the wider Hamilton Urban Area , which also encompasses the nearby towns of Ngaruawahia , Te Awamutu and Cambridge . The area now covered by the city was originally the site of several Māori villages , including Kirikiriroa , from which the city takes its Māori name . By the time English settlers arrived , most of these villages , which sat beside the Waikato River , were abandoned as a result of the Invasion of Waikato and land-confiscation ( Raupatu ) by the Crown . The new British settlement was renamed Hamilton after Captain John Fane Charles Hamilton , the commander of HMS Esk , who was killed in the Battle of Gate Pā , Tauranga . Initially an agricultural service centre , Hamilton now has a diverse economy and is the third fastest growing urban area in New Zealand , behind Pukekohe and Auckland . Hamilton Gardens is the region 's most popular tourist attraction . Education and research and development play an important part in Hamilton 's economy , as the city is home to approximately 40,000 tertiary students and 1,000 PhD-qualified scientists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wigsthorpe", "text": "Wigsthorpe is a hamlet in the east of the English county of Northamptonshire , south of the town of Oundle and the village of Barnwell . It is in East Northamptonshire district and is part of the civil parish of Thorpe Achurch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1956_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The women 's downhill event of the 1956 Winter Olympics at Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy , was held on Mt . Tofana on Wednesday , 1 February . The Swiss took the top two spots as Madeleine Berthod won the gold and Frieda Dänzer took the silver ; Lucile Wheeler of Canada was the bronze medalist . Forty-four women from sixteen countries finished the race . Source : The race was held on the Canalone piste , with a starting elevation of 2,114 m ( 6,936 ft ) above sea level with a vertical drop of 502 m ( 1,647 ft ) ; the course length was 1.552 km ( 0.96 mi ) . Berthoud 's winning time of 100.7 seconds yielded an average speed of 55.484 km/h ( 34.5 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 4.985 m/s ( 16.4 ft/s ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orlando,_Florida", "text": "Orlando ( /ɔːrˈlændoʊ/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Florida and the county seat of Orange County . Located in Central Florida , it is the center of the Orlando metropolitan area , which had a population of 2,509,831 , according to U.S. Census Bureau figures released in July 2017 . These figures make it the 23rd-largest metropolitan area in the United States , the sixth-largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States , and the third-largest metropolitan area in Florida . As of 2018 , Orlando had an estimated city-proper population of 285,713 , making it the 71st-largest city in the United States , the fourth-largest city in Florida , and the state 's largest inland city . The City of Orlando is nicknamed the City Beautiful , and its symbol is the Linton E. Allen Memorial Fountain , commonly referred to as simply the Lake Eola fountain at Lake Eola Park . The Orlando International Airport ( MCO ) is the thirteenth-busiest airport in the United States and the 29th-busiest in the world . Orlando is one of the most visited cities in the world primarily driven by tourism , major events , and convention traffic , in 2018 the city drew more than 75 million visitors . The two largest and most internationally renowned tourist attractions in the Orlando area include the Walt Disney World Resort , opened by the Walt Disney Company in 1971 , and located approximately 21 miles ( 34 km ) southwest of Downtown Orlando in Bay Lake ; and the Universal Orlando Resort , opened in 1990 as a major expansion of Universal Studios Florida . With the exception of Walt Disney World , most major attractions are located along International Drive with one of these attractions being the Wheel at ICON Park Orlando . The city is also one of the busiest American cities for conferences and conventions ; the Orange County Convention Center is the second-largest convention facility in the United States . Like other major cities in the Sun Belt , Orlando grew rapidly from the 1980s up into the first decade of the 21st century . Orlando is home to the University of Central Florida , which is the largest university campus in the United States in terms of enrollment as of 2015 [ update ] ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gary_Shirk", "text": "Gary Lee Shirk ( born February 23 , 1950 in Marysville , Ohio ) is a former professional American football tight end . He played with the New York Giants of the National Football League for seven seasons . He also played in the World Football League for the Memphis Southmen and in the United States Football League for the Memphis Showboats . Shirk played college football at Morehead State University . Shirk attended Marysville High School in Ohio before moving onto Morehead State University where he was a four-year starter and was the team MVP in 1972 . After playing for Memphis in the WFL in 1974 and 1975 , Shirk moved on to the NFL , playing for the New York Giants from 1976 until 1982 . He played in 101 games for the Giants , with 34 games started , and caught 130 passes for 1640 yards and 11 touchdowns before being released during the 1983 pre-season . From 1979-1982 , his QB in New York was another former Morehead State Eagle , Phil Simms . Shirk also played for the USFL Memphis Showboats after his NFL playing days . Shirk was inducted into the Kentucky Football of Fame in 2010 and the Morehead State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prunus_pendula", "text": "Prunus campanulata is a species of cherry native to Japan , Taiwan , southern and eastern China ( Guangxi , Guangdong , Hainan , Hunan , Fujian , and Zhejiang ) , and Vietnam . It is a large shrub or small tree , growing 3-8 m ( 10-26 ft ) tall . It is widely grown as an ornamental tree , and a symbol of Nago in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan . It is variously known in English as the Taiwan cherry , Formosan cherry , or bellflower cherry . It was described in 1883 by Carl Johann Maximowicz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johnny_Olszewski", "text": "John Peter Olszewski ( December 21 , 1929 - December 8 , 1996 ) was an American football fullback . He played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Chicago Cardinals , Washington Redskins , and the Detroit Lions . He also played in the American Football League ( AFL ) for the Denver Broncos in 1962 . Olszewski was an All-American at the University of California , Berkeley and was drafted in the first round ( fourth overall ) of the 1953 NFL Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-47", "text": "Patrol Squadron 47 ( VP-47 ) , also known as The Golden Swordsmen , is a maritime patrol squadron of the United States Navy based at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island , Washington ( USA ) , attached to Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing 10 . The squadron currently flies the Boeing P-8A Poseidon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meryl_Streep", "text": "Mary Louise Meryl Streep ( born June 22 , 1949 ) is an American actress . Often described as the best actress of her generation , Streep is particularly known for her versatility and accents . Nominated for a record 21 Academy Awards , she has won three . Among other accolades , she has received 32 Golden Globe nominations , more than any other person , and won eight . Streep made her stage debut in Trelawny of the Wells in 1975 . In 1976 , she received a Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actress in a Play for 27 Wagons Full of Cotton and A Memory of Two Mondays . In 1977 , she made her screen debut in the television film The Deadliest Season , and also made her film debut in Julia . In 1978 , she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress - Miniseries or a Movie for her role in the miniseries Holocaust , and received her first Oscar nomination for The Deer Hunter . Streep went on to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Kramer vs. Kramer ( 1979 ) , and the Academy Award for Best Actress for Sophie 's Choice ( 1982 ) and The Iron Lady ( 2011 ) . Streep 's other Oscar-nominated roles were in The French Lieutenant 's Woman ( 1981 ) , Silkwood ( 1983 ) , Out of Africa ( 1985 ) , Ironweed ( 1987 ) , Evil Angels ( 1988 ) , Postcards from the Edge ( 1990 ) , The Bridges of Madison County ( 1995 ) , One True Thing ( 1998 ) , Music of the Heart ( 1999 ) , Adaptation ( 2002 ) , The Devil Wears Prada ( 2006 ) , Doubt ( 2008 ) , Julie & Julia ( 2009 ) , August : Osage County ( 2013 ) , Into the Woods ( 2014 ) , Florence Foster Jenkins ( 2016 ) , and The Post ( 2017 ) . Her stage roles include The Public Theater 's 2001 revival of The Seagull , and her television roles include two projects for HBO , the acclaimed miniseries Angels in America ( 2003 ) , for which her performance won her another Emmy Award , and the drama series Big Little Lies ( 2019 ) . Streep 's other films that were critically and or commercially successful where she was n't nominated for an Academy Award include Julia ( 1977 ) , Manhattan ( 1979 ) , The Seduction of Joe Tynan ( 1979 ) , Defending Your Life ( 1991 ) , Death Becomes Her ( 1992 ) , The River Wild ( 1994 ) , Marvin 's Room ( 1996 ) , Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events ( 2004 ) , A Prairie Home Companion ( 2006 ) , Mamma Mia ( 2008 ) and its sequel , Fantastic Mr. Fox ( 2009 ) , It 's Complicated ( 2009 ) , Suffragette ( 2015 ) , Mary Poppins Returns ( 2018 ) and Little Women ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montenegro", "text": "Montenegro ( /ˌmɒntɪˈneɪɡroʊ , -ˈniːɡroʊ , -ˈnɛɡroʊ/ ( listen ) ; Montenegrin : Црна Гора , romanized : Crna Gora , [ tsr̩̂ːnaː ɡǒra ] ) is a country of South and Southeast Europe on the coast of the Balkans . It borders Bosnia-Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast , Kosovo [ a ] to the east , Albania to the southeast , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , and Croatia to the west . Montenegro has an area of 13,812 square kilometres and a population of 620,079 ( 2011 census ) . Its capital Podgorica is one of the twenty-three municipalities in the country . Cetinje is designated as the Old Royal Capital . During the Early Medieval period , three principalities were located on the territory of modern-day Montenegro : Duklja , roughly corresponding to the southern half ; Travunia , the west ; and Rascia proper , the north . In 1042 , archon Stefan Vojislav led a revolt that resulted in the independence of Duklja from the Byzantine Empire and the establishment of the Vojislavljević dynasty . After being ruled by the Nemanjić dynasty for two centuries , the independent Principality of Zeta emerged in the 14th and 15th centuries , ruled by the House of Balšić between 1356 and 1421 , and by the House of Crnojević between 1431 and 1498 , when the name Montenegro started being used for the country . After falling under Ottoman rule , Montenegro regained de facto independence in 1697 under the rule of the House of Petrović-Njegoš , first under the theocratic rule of prince-bishops , before being transformed into a secular principality in 1852 . Montenegro 's de jure independence was recognised by the Great Powers at the Congress of Berlin in 1878 , following the Montenegrin-Ottoman War . In 1905 , the country became a kingdom . After World War I , it became part of Yugoslavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Houston,_Arkansas", "text": "Houston is a town in Perry County , Arkansas , United States . The population was 159 at the 2000 census . It is part of the Little Rock-North Little Rock-Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grand_Prix_Sven_Nys", "text": "The Grand Prix Sven Nys or GP Sven Nys is a cyclo-cross race held in Baal , Belgium . The race is named after cyclo-cross legend Sven Nys who is a citizen of Baal . Nys won his own race 12 out of 16 times he competed . He was sick at home for the 14th edition in 2013 . The race is part of the DVV Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukraine", "text": "Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Україна , romanized : Ukrayina , pronounced [ ʊkrɐˈjinɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Eastern Europe . It is bordered by Russia to the north-east ; Belarus to the north ; Poland , Slovakia and Hungary to the west ; and Romania , Moldova , and the Black Sea to the south . Ukraine is currently in a territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula , which Russia annexed in 2014 . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603,628 km2 ( 233,062 sq mi ) , making it both the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world . Its capital and largest city is Kiev . Ukrainian is the official language and its alphabet is Cyrillic . The dominant religion in the country is Eastern Orthodoxy . The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC . During the Middle Ages , the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture , with the powerful state of Kievan Rus ' forming the basis of Ukrainian identity . Following its fragmentation in the 13th century , the territory was contested , ruled and divided by a variety of powers , including the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Russia . A Cossack republic emerged and prospered during the 17th and 18th centuries , but its territory was eventually split between Poland and the Russian Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abel_Kiviat", "text": "Abel Richard Kiviat ( June 23 , 1892 - August 24 , 1991 ) was an American middle-distance runner . He was the oldest living American Olympic medalist at the time of his death . He competed for and coached the Irish American Athletic Club , and was later a member of the New York Athletic Club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bon_Jovi", "text": "Bon Jovi is an American rock band formed in 1983 in Sayreville , New Jersey . It consists of singer Jon Bon Jovi , keyboardist David Bryan , drummer Tico Torres , guitarist Phil X , and bassist Hugh McDonald . Previous bassist Alec John Such was dismissed in 1994 , and longtime guitarist and co-songwriter Richie Sambora left in 2013 . In 1984 and 1985 , Bon Jovi released their first two albums and their debut single Runaway managed to crack the Top 40 . In 1986 , the band achieved widespread success and global recognition with their third album , Slippery When Wet , which sold over 20 million copies and included three Top 10 singles , two of which reached No . 1 ( You Give Love a Bad Name and Livin ' on a Prayer ) Their fourth album , New Jersey ( 1988 ) , was also very successful , selling over 10 million copies and featuring five Top 10 singles ( a record for a hard rock album ) , two of which reached No . 1 ( Bad Medicine and I 'll Be There for You ) . After the band toured and recorded extensively during the late 1980s , culminating in the 1988-90 New Jersey Tour , Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora released successful solo albums in 1990 and 1991 , respectively . In 1992 , the band returned with the double-platinum Keep the Faith . This was followed by their biggest-selling and longest-charting single Always ( 1994 ) and the album These Days ( 1995 ) , which proved to be a bigger hit in Europe than in the United States , producing four Top Ten singles in the United Kingdom . Following a second hiatus , their 2000 album Crush , particularly the lead single , It 's My Life , successfully introduced the band to a younger audience . The band followed up with Bounce in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Giovanni_Mari", "text": "Stadio Giovanni Mari is a multi-use stadium in Legnano , Italy . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of A.C. Legnano . The stadium holds 5,000 people . It is also used for the horse race of Palio di Legnano ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pictures_of_Hollis_Woods", "text": "Pictures of Hollis Woods is a 2002 young adult novel by Patricia Reilly Giff . The novel received a Newbery Honor Award in 2003 . It was adapted for television in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil", "text": "Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976–77_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1976-77 Iraqi National League was the 3rd season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Due to scheduling difficulties , the season had to be cut short after 17 rounds . The Iraq Football Association decided to annul the results from the second half of the season , using the league table at the halfway stage of the campaign ( when each team had played each other once ) as the final standings , thus crowning Al-Zawraa the champions for their second consecutive league title . Al-Zawraa lost one of their games in the second half of the season 3-2 against Al-Baladiyat , and Al-Jamea lost one of their games in the second half of the season 3-2 against Al-Zawraa , but because the second half of the season was annulled , Al-Zawraa and Al-Jamea both finished the season without a single loss ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arequipa", "text": "Arequipa ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aɾeˈkipa ] ; Aymara & Quechua : Ariqipa ) is a city located in the province and the eponymous department of Peru . It is the seat of the Constitutional Court of Peru and often dubbed legal capital of Peru . It is the second most populated city in Peru , after Lima , with an urban population of 1,008,290 inhabitants according to the 2017 national census . Its metropolitan area integrates twenty-one districts , including the foundational central area , which it is the seat of the city government . The city has a Nominal GDP of 9,445 million ( USD ) and a nominal GDP per capita of 10,277 USD , which represents a GDP per capita PPP of 18,610 USD in the period 2015 , being the second city with the highest economic activity in Peru . Arequipa is also an important industrial and commercial center of Peru , and is considered as the second industrial city of the country . Within its industrial activity the manufactured products and the textile production of wool of camelids . The town maintains close commercial links with Chile , Bolivia , and Brazil and with the cities connected the South trainway , as well as with the port of Matarani . The city was founded on August 15 , 1540 , under the name of Beautiful Villa of Our Lady of the Assumption in the name of Marquis Francisco Pizarro . The September 22 of 1541 , the monarch Carlos V orders that it should be called « City of Arequipa. » In the viceregal period , it acquired importance for its outstanding economic role , and is characterized by the fidelismo towards the Spanish Crown , receiving titles such as Very Noble and Very Loyal and Very Loyal by the crown . In the Republican history of Peru , the city has been the focus of popular , civic and democratic rebellions , it has also been the cradle of outstanding intellectual , political and religious figures of the country . In the Republican era , it is awarded the title of Heroic city of the freedom people of Arequipa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maids_Moreton", "text": "Maids Moreton is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of northern Buckinghamshire , England . The village is about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Buckingham . The village is contiguous with the Buckingham urban area and is thus often considered as a suburb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/US_Medical_Center_for_Federal_Prisoners", "text": "The United States Medical Center for Federal Prisoners ( MCFP Springfield ) is a United States federal prison in Springfield , Missouri which provides medical , mental health , and dental services to male offenders . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2012", "text": "The 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on Thursday , November 15 , 2012 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . It was the fifth time the awards was held at this venue and in Las Vegas . It also marks the last year in the Latin Recording Academy 's contract where the Mandalay Bay Events Center hosted . It is unknown if the awards will continue to be held at this location beyond 2012 . Recordings must have been released between July 1 , 2011 and June 30 , 2012 in order to be eligible for the 13th Latin Grammy Awards . Nominations were announced on September 25 , 2012 . Juan Luis Guerra led the nominations field with six ; Jesse & Joy earned five nods ; Ricardo Arjona , Edgar Barrera , Juanes , Carla Morrison , Arturo Sandoval , Ivete Sangalo , and Caetano Veloso each received four nominations . The telecast was aired on Univision at 8pm/7c . Caetano Veloso was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 14 , 2012 . Jesse & Joy won four awards including Record of the Year and Song of the Year for ¡Corre ! , Juanes took the Album of the Year for MTV Unplugged and 3BallMTY was named Best New Artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_T._Benson", "text": "Michael T. Benson ( born February 28 , 1965 ) was the president of Eastern Kentucky University from August 1 , 2013 to January 6 , 2020 . He previously served as president of Southern Utah University , Snow College , and as special assistant to the president at University of Utah ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adjunct_Professor", "text": "Adjunct professor ( adjunct lecturer , adjunct instructor , adjunct faculty or contingent academic labor collectively ) is a type of academic appointment in higher education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kedah_FA", "text": "Kedah Football Association ( Malay : Persatuan Bola Sepak Kedah ) is a football association that supervises football in the state of Kedah , Malaysia . They are the only team in the history of Malaysian football to have achieved treble titles twice , in 2006-07 and 2007-08 seasons . Kedah FA is a professional football team from Malaysia that is based in Alor Setar . It represents the state of Kedah , under the supervision of Kedah Football Association . Kedah FA currently plays in the Malaysia Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dogsomyn_Bodoo", "text": "Dogsomyn Bodoo ( Mongolian : Догсомын Бодоо ; July 1 , 1895 - August 31 , 1922 ) was a prominent early 20th century Mongolian politician who was one of the founding members of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party . He was elected leader of the provisional revolutionary government and following the Outer Mongolian Revolution of 1921 became the country 's first Prime Minister from July 1921 to January 1922 . A power struggle led to his resignation on January 7 , 1922 . He was subsequently charged with treason for conspiring to overthrow the government , and was executed on August 31 , 1922 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/York_Museum_Gardens", "text": "The York Museum Gardens are botanic gardens in the centre of York , England , beside the River Ouse . They cover an area of 10 acres ( 4.0 ha ) of the former grounds of St Mary 's Abbey , and were created in the 1830s by the Yorkshire Philosophical Society along with the Yorkshire Museum which they contain . The gardens are held in trust by the City of York Council and are managed by the York Museums Trust . They were designed in a gardenesque style by landscape architect Sir John Murray Naysmith , and contain a variety of species of plants , trees and birds . Admission is free . A variety of events take place in the gardens , such as open-air theatre performances and festival activities . There are several historic buildings in the gardens . They contain the remains of the west corner of the Roman fort of Eboracum , including the Multangular Tower and parts of the Roman walls . In the same area there is also the Anglian Tower , which was probably built into the remains of a late Roman period fortress . During the Middle Ages , the tower was expanded and the Roman walls were incorporated into York 's city walls . Most of the other buildings dating from the Middle Ages are associated with St Mary 's Abbey , including the ruins of the abbey church , the Hospitium , the lodge and part of the surviving precinct wall . The remains of St. Leonard 's Hospital chapel and undercroft are on the east side of the gardens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Public", "text": "Boston Public is an American drama television series created by David E. Kelley and broadcast on Fox . Set in Boston , the series centers on Winslow High School , a fictional public high school in the Boston Public Schools district . It features a large ensemble cast and focuses on the work and private lives of the various teachers , students , and administrators at the school . It aired from October 2000 to January 2004 . Its slogan was Every day is a fight . For respect . For dignity . For sanity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexander_Thomson_(congressman)", "text": "Alexander Thomson ( January 12 , 1788 - August 2 , 1848 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . Alexander Thomson was born in Franklin County , Pennsylvania . He apprenticed as a sickle maker . He moved to Bedford , Pennsylvania , studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1816 and commenced practice in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania . He held several local offices and was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives . Thomson was elected to the Eighteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John Tod . He was reelected to the Nineteenth Congress and served until May 1 , 1826 , when he resigned . He served as mayor of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , and was president judge of the sixteenth judicial district of Pennsylvania from 1827 to 1841 . He was professor in the law school of Marshall College in Lancaster . He died in Chambersburg in 1848 . Interment in Falling Spring Presbyterian Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint-Louis_Airport", "text": "Saint-Louis Airport ( French : Aéroport de Saint-Louis ) ( IATA : XLS , ICAO : GOSS ) is an airport serving Saint-Louis , the capital of the Saint-Louis Region in Senegal . Saint-Louis is located near the Senegal River , and served as Senegal 's capital until independence in 1960 . It is 320 km ( 199 mi ) north of Senegal 's current capital in Dakar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linn–Benton_Community_College", "text": "Linn-Benton Community College ( LBCC ) is the public community college in Linn County , Oregon . The school offers more than 80 degrees and certificates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guangzhou_Metro", "text": "The Guangzhou Metro ( simplified Chinese : 广州地铁 ; traditional Chinese : 廣州地鐵 ; pinyin : Guǎngzhōu Dìtiě ; Jyutping : Gwong²zau¹ Dei⁶tit³ ) ( [ kwàŋ.ʈʂóu.tî.tʰjè ] and [ kʷɔ̌ːŋ.tsɐ́u.tèi.tʰīːt̚ ] ) is the rapid transit system of the city of Guangzhou in Guangdong Province of China . It is operated by the state-owned Guangzhou Metro Corporation and was the fourth metro system to be built in mainland China , after those of Beijing , Tianjin and Shanghai . The earliest efforts to build an underground rapid transit system in Guangzhou date back to 1960 . In the two decades that followed , the project was brought into the agenda five times , but ended up abandoned each time due to financial and technical difficulties . Preparation of what would lead to today 's Guangzhou Metro did not start until the 1980s , and it was not until 1993 that construction of the first line , Line 1 , officially began . Line 1 opened four years later in 1997 with five stations in operation . As of 28 December 2019 [ update ] , Guangzhou Metro has 14 lines in operation , namely Line 1 , Line 2 , Line 3 , Line 4 , Line 5 , Line 6 , Line 7 , Line 8 , Line 9 , Line 13 , Line 14 , Line 21 , Guangfo Line , and Zhujiang New Town APM reaching both the urban core and surrounding suburbs . Guangfo Line connects Guangzhou and Foshan and is the first metro line between two cities in the country . Daily service hours start at 6:00 am and end at midnight , and daily ridership averages over 7 million . Having delivered 3.029 billion rides in 2018 ( Guangzhou Metro ) is the third busiest metro system in the world , after the metro systems of Beijing and Shanghai . Guangzhou Metro operates 271 stations , [ note 1 ] and 514.8 km ( 319.9 mi ) of lines . Extensive development of the metro network has been planned for the decade of 2011-2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freestyle_skiing_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_ski_cross", "text": "The women 's ski cross event in freestyle skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Canada , took place on 23 February at Cypress Bowl Ski Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jane_Lynch", "text": "Jane Marie Lynch ( born July 14 , 1960 ) is an American actress , voice actress , author , singer and comedian . She is best known for her role as Sue Sylvester in the musical television series Glee . She also gained fame in Christopher Guest 's improv mockumentary pictures such as Best in Show . A native of Dolton , Illinois , Lynch 's television cameos include an appearance in the Nickelodeon situation comedy iCarly and the Showtime dark comedy series Weeds . Lynch had a recurring role in the Warner Bros. situation comedy Two and a Half Men from 2004 to 2014 and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for her performance in 2010 . She has also had other notable roles in numerous mainstream comedies , such as Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Role Models and The Three Stooges . On September 4 , 2013 , Lynch received the 2,505th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in the category of television located at 6640 Hollywood Blvd . Lynch has lent her voice to multiple animated films , including Space Chimps , Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs , Shrek Forever After and Wreck-It Ralph . Since 2013 , she has hosted the NBC game show Hollywood Game Night , for which she has won two Emmy Awards . She has also hosted Earth Live for National Geographic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bebe_(singer)", "text": "María Nieves Rebolledo Vila , better known by her stage name Bebe ( born 9 May 1978 ) is a Spanish singer , songwriter , and actress who rose to international fame with the singles Malo and Ella ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Brown_(comics)", "text": "William Robert Bob Brown ( August 22 , 1915 - January 1977 ) was an American comics artist with an extensive career from the early 1940s through the 1970s . With writers Edmond Hamilton and Gardner Fox , Brown co-created the DC Comics hero Space Ranger , drawing the character 's complete run from his debut in the try-out comic Showcase # 15 ( Aug. 1958 ) through Mystery in Space # 103 ( July 1965 ) . Brown also penciled the DC title Challengers of the Unknown , taking over from Jack Kirby , from 1959 to 1968 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morocco", "text": "Morocco ( /məˈrɒkoʊ/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : المغرب , romanized : al-maġhrib , lit . 'place the sun sets ; the west ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : lmeɣrib ; French : Maroc ) , officially the Kingdom of Morocco ( Arabic : المملكة المغربية , romanized : al-mamlakah al-maghribiyah , lit . 'The Western Kingdom ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵜⴰⴳⵍⴷⵉⵜ ⵏ ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : tageldit n lmaɣrib ; French : Royaume du Maroc ) , is a country located in the Maghreb region of North Africa . It overlooks the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to the west , with land border with Algeria to the east and Western Sahara to the south ( status disputed ) . Morocco also claims the exclaves of Ceuta , Melilla and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera , all of them under Spanish jurisdiction , as well as several small Spanish-controlled islands of its coast . The capital is Rabat and the largest city is Casablanca . Morocco spans an area of 710,850 km2 ( 274,460 sq mi ) and has a population of over 36 million . Since the foundation of the first Moroccan state by Idris I in 788 AD , the country has been ruled by a series of independent dynasties , reaching its zenith under Almoravid and Almohad rule , when it spanned parts of Iberia and northwestern Africa . The Marinid and Saadi dynasties resisted foreign domination into the 17th century , allowing Morocco to remain the only northwest African country to avoid Ottoman occupation . The Alaouite dynasty , which rules to this day , seized power in 1631 . The country 's strategic location near the mouth of the Mediterranean attracted the interest of Europe , and in 1912 , Morocco was divided into French and Spanish protectorates , with an international zone in Tangier . It regained its independence in 1956 , and has since remained comparatively stable and prosperous by regional standards , with the fifth largest economy in Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Pelletier", "text": "David Jacques Pelletier ( born November 22 , 1974 ) is a Canadian pairs figure skater . With his partner Jamie Salé , he was the co-gold medal winner at the 2002 Olympic Winter Games . They shared the gold medal with the Russian pair Elena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze after the 2002 Olympic Winter Games figure skating scandal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Fire_Soccer_Club", "text": "Chicago Fire Football Club is an American professional soccer franchise based in Chicago , Illinois . The team competes in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference , having moved to the conference in 2002 . The franchise is named after the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , and was founded as the Chicago Fire Soccer Club on October 8 , 1997 , the event 's 126th anniversary . The team began play in 1998 as one of the league 's first expansion teams . The Fire won the MLS Cup as well as the U.S. Open Cup ( the double ) in their first season in 1998 . They also won U.S. Open Cups in 2000 , 2003 , and 2006 , in addition to the 2003 MLS Supporters ' Shield . In 2015 , the club won the first ever MLS Wooden Spoon , and repeated the feat in 2016 . The Fire maintains an extensive development system , consisting of the Chicago Fire Development Academy and the Chicago Fire Juniors youth organization . They also operate the Chicago Fire Foundation , the team 's community-based charitable division . The Fire 's home stadium is Soldier Field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TCU_Horned_Frogs_baseball", "text": "The TCU Horned Frogs baseball team represents Texas Christian University in NCAA Division I baseball . The Frogs have competed in the Big 12 Conference since 2013 and previously competed in the Mountain West , Conference USA , Western Athletic Conference and Southwest Conference . Since February 2003 , the Horned Frogs have played their home games at Lupton Stadium , located on the TCU campus in Fort Worth , Texas . The Frogs are led by head coach Jim Schlossnagle , the winningest coach in TCU baseball history , whose many coaching accolades include 8 conference coach of the year awards and being named the 2010 National Coach of the Year by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association and 2016 National Coach of the Year by Baseball America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dolphinholme", "text": "Dolphinholme is a historic village in Lancashire , North West England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Julien_Vauclair", "text": "Julien Vauclair ( born October 2 , 1979 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for and is an alternate captain of HC Lugano in the National League ( NL ) . He previously played for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Senators selected him 74th overall in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Murray_(New_Zealand_politician)", "text": "William Archibald Murray ( 1832 - 26 June 1900 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Otago , New Zealand . Brothers William , George ( died 1889 ) and Thomas Murray ( died 1899 ) arrived in New Zealand from Scotland on 16 April 1858 . Initially , they all farmed sheep in the Mt Stuart and Waitahuna districts in Otago . In 1868 , William Murray had a fence wire straining mechanism patented under his name . He applied for a further wire straining patent in 1877 . In 1885 , he applied for a patent for a vehicle engine that ran on compressed gas . The Otago Daily Times described him as follows :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ain't_No_Justice", "text": "Ai n't No Justice is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Greg Hanna . It was released in 1997 as Hanna 's third single . It peaked at number 10 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in November 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johannesburg", "text": "Johannesburg ( /dʒoʊˈhænɪsbɜːrɡ/ joh-HAN-iss-burg , also US : /-ˈhɑːn-/ -⁠HAHN- ; Afrikaans : [ jʊəˈɦanəsbœrχ ] ; Zulu and Xhosa : eGoli ) , informally known as Jozi or Joburg , is the largest city in South Africa and one of the 50 largest urban areas in the world . It is the provincial capital and largest city of Gauteng , which is the wealthiest province in South Africa . Johannesburg is the seat of the Constitutional Court . The city is located in the mineral-rich Witwatersrand range of hills and is the centre of large-scale gold and diamond trade , It was one of the host cities of the official tournament of the 2010 FIFA World Cup . The metropolis is an alpha global city as listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . In 2019 , the population of the city of Johannesburg was 5,635,127 , making it the most populous city in South Africa . In the same year , the population of Johannesburg 's urban agglomeration was put at 8,000,000. land area of the municipal city ( 1,645 km2 or 635 sq mi ) is large in comparison with those of other major cities , resulting in a moderate population density of 2,364 per square kilometre ( 6,120/sq mi ) . The city was established in 1886 following the discovery of gold on what had been a farm . Due to the extremely large gold deposit found along the Witwatersrand , within ten years , the population had grown to 100,000 inhabitants . A separate city from the late 1970s until 1994 , Soweto is now part of Johannesburg . Originally an acronym for South-Western Townships , Soweto originated as a collection of settlements on the outskirts of Johannesburg , populated mostly by native African workers from the gold mining industry . Soweto , although eventually incorporated into Johannesburg , had been separated as a residential area for Blacks , who were not permitted to live in Johannesburg proper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jen_Cloher", "text": "Jen Cloher ( born 9 October 1973 ) is an Australian singer-songwriter , currently based in Melbourne , Victoria . She recorded and toured with her band Jen Cloher and the Endless Sea from 2006 to 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AXA_Sports_Center", "text": "Axa Sports Center or Södertälje Event Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Södertälje , Sweden that was built opened on 2 October 1970 as Scaniarinken , with an ice hockey game where Södertälje SK defeated Djurgårdens IF , 5-2 The capacity of the arena is 6,200 but before the renovation and name change in 2005 it could host much larger numbers , with the record being 11,372 people . It is the home arena of the Södertälje SK ice hockey team and the Axa/Marlboro curling team . In February 2016 the arena was re-named back to Scaniarinken as the 10-year title deal with Axa expired ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cindy_Nelson", "text": "Cynthia Lee Nelson ( born August 19 , 1955 ) is former World Cup alpine ski racer from the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_G._Brown", "text": "Albert Gallatin Brown ( May 31 , 1813 - June 12 , 1880 ) was Governor of Mississippi from 1844 to 1848 and a Democrat United States Senator from Mississippi from 1854 to 1861 , when he withdrew during secession ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Smith_(make-up_artist)", "text": "Richard Emerson Smith ( June 26 , 1922 - July 30 , 2014 ) was an American special make-up effects artist , ( nicknamed The Godfather of Make-Up ) known for his work on such films as Little Big Man , The Godfather , The Exorcist , Taxi Driver , and Scanners . He won a 1985 Academy Award for Best Makeup for his work on Amadeus and received a 2012 Academy Honorary Award for his career 's work ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wallenberg:_A_Hero's_Story", "text": "Wallenberg : A Hero 's Story is a 1985 NBC television film starring Richard Chamberlain as Raoul Wallenberg , a Swedish diplomat instrumental in saving thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust . It won four Emmy Awards and was nominated for five more ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ballymore_Stadium", "text": "Ballymore is a rugby union stadium situated in Herston , a suburb of Brisbane , Australia . It is the headquarters of Queensland Rugby Union and the home ground of the Brisbane City team in the National Rugby Championship . It is also used as a training facility for the Queensland Reds and Australian Wallabies rugby teams . The stadium was the home ground of the Reds until they moved to Suncorp Stadium in 2006 . The Brisbane Strikers football club also played at the ground prior to 2003 . Ballymore was used as a training facility and headquarters for A-League club Brisbane Roar from 2008 to 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speed_skating_at_the_1972_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Speed skating at the 1972 Winter Olympics , was held from 4 to 12 February . Eight events were contested at Makomanai Open Stadium in Sapporo , Japan . This was the first Olympics at which electronic times were recorded to the hundredth of a second ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barra_Head", "text": "Barra Head , also known as Berneray ( Scottish Gaelic : Beàrnaraigh ) , is the southernmost islands of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland . Within the Outer Hebrides , it forms part of the Barra Isles archipelago . Originally , Barra Head only referred to the southernmost headland of Berneray but is now a common name for the entire island . The highest point of the island is Sotan , a Marilyn . There are numerous prehistoric structures on the island and permanent occupation by 20-50 individuals occurred throughout the historic period , peaking in the 19th century . The economy of the residents was based on agriculture , fishing and fowling . The cliffs provide nesting sites for seabirds in such profusion that Berneray has been designated as a Special Protection Area . The Barra Head Lighthouse , built by Robert Stevenson , has operated since 1833 . From 1931 to 1980 Barra Head was inhabited only by the lighthouse keepers and their wives but the lighthouse is now automated and the island completely uninhabited . The rough seas that surround the island have been used to test prototype lifeboats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marvin_Bagley_III", "text": "Marvin Bagley III ( born March 14 , 1999 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils and was a 2018 Consensus All-American . He was selected with the second overall pick by the Kings in the 2018 NBA draft . On May 21 , he was selected to the 2018-19 NBA All-Rookie First Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlby", "text": "Carlby is a small village and civil parish in the district of South Kesteven in Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 542 . It is located four miles south of Bourne on the A6121 near the Lincolnshire/Rutland boundary , which is partly the River West Glen . The ecclesiastical parish is Ryhall with Essendine and Carlby , part of the Rutland Deanery of the Diocese of Peterborough . The vicar is Paddy McKee . The parish church is dedicated to St. Stephen . The current building dates from 1134 . The village has a playing field and a children 's recreational area . In 1986 the villagers replaced the wooden village hall with a brick structure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_End", "text": "Defensive End ( DE ) is a defensive position in the sport of gridiron football . This position has designated the players at each end of the defensive line , but changes in formations over the years have substantially changed how the position is played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_State_Golden_Flashes_football", "text": "The Kent State Golden Flashes football team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Kent State University in Kent , Ohio . The team is a member of the Mid-American Conference East division , which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) . The Golden Flashes played their first game in 1920 and since 1969 have played their home games at Dix Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_Beautiful", "text": "The City Beautiful Movement was a reform philosophy of North American architecture and urban planning that flourished during the 1890s and 1900s with the intent of introducing beautification and monumental grandeur in cities . It was a part of the progressive social reform movement in North America under the leadership of the upper-middle class concerned with poor living conditions in all major cities . The movement , which was originally associated mainly with Chicago , Cleveland , Detroit , and Washington , D.C. , promoted beauty not only for its own sake , but also to create moral and civic virtue among urban populations . Advocates of the philosophy believed that such beautification could promote a harmonious social order that would increase the quality of life , while critics would complain that the movement was overly concerned with aesthetics at the expense of social reform ; Jane Jacobs referred to the movement as an architectural design cult ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MS_Westerdam", "text": "MS Westerdam is a Vista-class cruise ship owned by Holland America Line . She is the third ship of the class to be operated by the line , as well as being the third ship to bear the name Westerdam . Her sister ships are Oosterdam , Zuiderdam , and Noordam . The beginning of the four ships ' names represent the four directions of the compass in Dutch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elsten_Torres", "text": "Elsten Creole Torres , ( born February 10 , 1965 ) in Havana , Cuba as Listoriel Leyva Torres , is a singer/songwriter/producer . He grew up in New York City with his mother and older brother leaving his father in Cuba as a political prisoner . He was lead singer and songwriter for the American Latin rock band , Fulano de Tal . After the breakup of the band , Elsten has continued both his own career as a solo artist and has had success writing for other well-known performers such as : Ricky Martin , Luis Fonsi , Obie Bermúdez , Alejandra Guzmán , Julio Iglesias Jr. Aleks Syntek , Oscar de Leon , Marshall Crenshaw , John Rich ( Big & Rich ) and many others . He has been nominated for two Grammy Awards . The second Grammy nomination was for his first solo independent album , Individual . He has won several BMI music awards for his songwriting . He is on the board of governors for NARAS . Elsten studied communications arts at New York Institute of Technology . Elsten is currently living in Miami Florida . Elsten also works with charity organizations such as Hope ( Miami Beach Homeless ) and Susan G. Komen for the Cure . Elsten has just released his second all-English album , Waiting for Clouds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woof!", "text": "Woof ! is a British children 's television series produced by Central Independent Television about the adventures of a boy who shapeshifts into a dog . It was based on the book by Allan Ahlberg . It was directed by David Cobham with the screenplay by Richard Fegen and Andrew Norriss who novelized the second , third and fourth series as Woof ! The Tale Wags On , Woof ! The Tale Gets Longer and Woof ! A Twist in the Tale respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlos_Slim", "text": "Carlos Slim Helú ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈkaɾlos ezˈlim eˈlu ] ; born 28 January 1940 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican business tycoon , investor , philanthropist , and engineer . From 2010 to 2013 , Slim was ranked as the richest person in the world by the Forbes business magazine . He derived his fortune from his extensive holdings in a considerable number of Mexican companies through his conglomerate , Grupo Carso . As of February 2020 , he is the fifth-richest person in the world according to Forbes ' listing of The World 's Billionaires , with he and his family having a net worth estimated at $ 68.9 billion . He is the richest person in Latin America . His conglomerate includes education , health care , industrial manufacturing , transportation , real estate , media , energy , hospitality , entertainment , high-technology , retail , sports and financial services . He accounts for 40% of the listings on the Mexican Stock Exchange , while his net worth is equivalent to about 6 percent of Mexico 's gross domestic product . As of 2016 , he is the largest single shareholder of The New York Times Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huang_Wen-po", "text": "Huang Wen-Po ( simplified Chinese : 黄文博 ; traditional Chinese : 黃文博 ; pinyin : Huáng Wénbó ; born October 29 , 1971 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics . He was part of the Chinese Taipei baseball team which won the silver medal . He is a right-handed pitcher ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Axis_occupation_of_Greece", "text": "The occupation of Greece by the Axis Powers ( Greek : Η Κατοχή , I Katochi , meaning The Occupation ) began in April 1941 after Nazi Germany invaded Greece to assist its ally , Fascist Italy , which had been at war with Allied Greece since October 1940 . Following the conquest of Crete , all of Greece was occupied by June 1941 . The occupation in the mainland lasted until Germany and its ally Bulgaria were forced to withdraw under Allied pressure in early October 1944 . However , German garrisons remained in control of Crete and some other Aegean islands until after the end of World War II in Europe , surrendering these islands in May and June 1945 . Fascist Italy had initially declared war and invaded Greece in October 1940 , but the Hellenic Army initially managed to push back the invading forces into neighboring Albania , then an Italian protectorate . Nazi Germany intervened on its ally 's behalf in southern Europe . While most of the Hellenic Army was dislocated on the Albanian front to fend off the relentless Italian counter-attacks , a rapid German Blitzkrieg campaign commenced in April 1941 , and by June ( with the conquest of Crete ) Greece was defeated and occupied . The Greek government went into exile , and an Axis collaborationist puppet government was established in the country . Furthermore , Greece 's territory was divided into occupation zones run by the Axis powers , with the Germans proceeding to administer the most important regions of the country themselves , including Athens , Thessaloniki and the strategic Aegean Islands . Other regions of the country were given to Germany 's partners , Italy and Bulgaria . The occupation ruined the Greek economy and brought about terrible hardships for the Greek civilian population . Much of Greece was subjected to enormous destruction of its industry ( 80% of which was destroyed ) , infrastructure ( 28% destroyed ) , ports , roads , railways and bridges ( 90% ) , forests and other natural resources ( 25% ) and loss of civilian life ( 7.02% - 11.17% of its citizens ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yau_Tong", "text": "Yau Tong ( Chinese : 油塘 ; Jyutping : jau4 tong4 ) is an area of Hong Kong , located in the southeastern end of Kowloon , between Lei Yue Mun and Lam Tin , at the east shore of Victoria Harbour , west of Tseung Kwan O. Administratively , it is part of the Kwun Tong District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Intelligence", "text": "The Great Intelligence is a fictional character from the British science fiction television series Doctor Who . Although the Great Intelligence has no physical form , it is capable of communicating , both by itself and through possession , with other characters within the series . The Great Intelligence was originally created by Henry Lincoln and Mervyn Haisman and first appeared in the 1967 serial The Abominable Snowmen where it encountered the Second Doctor and his companions Jamie and Victoria . The Great Intelligence tries to form a physical body so as to conquer the Earth , making use of Yeti robots that resemble the cryptozoological creatures . Initially the Great Intelligence used the Yeti robots to scare off curiosity seekers , only later using them as an army . Both the Intelligence and the Yeti returned in its sequel The Web of Fear . After disagreements arose between Lincoln and Haisman with the BBC in 1968 over their rights to the Great Intelligence and Quarks , the writers departed from the series and both the Great Intelligence and Yeti were retired . The Great Intelligence and its Yeti minions have since appeared in the 1990s Virgin Missing Adventures range of novels and the 1995 Reeltime spin-off production Downtime . The Great Intelligence returned in the 2012 Christmas Special The Snowmen , where it is voiced by Sir Ian McKellen , which details the entity 's origins . Richard E Grant assumed the role in subsequent appearances in the seventh series of the revived show ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005–06_NBA_Development_League_season", "text": "These are regular season standings and playoff results for the NBA G League . The NBA G League is the official minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The league was formed in 2001 as the National Basketball Development League ( NBDL ) . The league was renamed to NBA Development League ( NBA D-League ) in 2005 to reflect its close affiliation with the NBA . In 2017 , it was renamed NBA G League , as part of a sponsorship deal with Gatorade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Réunion", "text": "Réunion ( French : La Réunion [ la ʁe.y.njɔ̃ ] ( listen ) ; previously Île Bourbon ) is an overseas department and region of the French Republic and an island in the Indian Ocean , east of Madagascar and 175 km ( 109 mi ) southwest of Mauritius . As of January 2019 [ update ] , it had a population of 866,506 . The island has been inhabited since the 16th century , when people from France and Madagascar settled there . Slavery was abolished on 20 December 1848 ( a date celebrated yearly on the island ) , when the French Second Republic abolished slavery in the French colonies . However , later on indentured workers were brought to Réunion from South India , among other places . The island became an overseas department of France in 1946 . As in France , the official language is French . In addition , the majority of the region 's population speaks Réunion Creole . Administratively , Réunion is one of the overseas departments of France . Like the other four overseas departments , it is also one of the 18 regions of France , with the modified status of overseas region , and an integral part of the republic with the same status as Metropolitan France . Réunion is an outermost region of the European Union and , as an overseas department of France , part of the eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mérida_(state)", "text": "The State of Mérida commonly known simply as Mérida ' ( Spanish : Estado Bolivariano de Mérida ) , IPA : [ esˈtaðo ðe ˈmeɾiða ] ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela . The state capital is Mérida , in the Libertador Municipality . Located in the Western Andean Region , Mérida State covers a total surface area of 11,300 square kilometres ( 4,363 sq mi ) , making it the fifteenth-largest in Venezuela . In 2011 , had a census population of 828,592 , the fourteenth most populous ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Chehaw", "text": "Lake Chehaw is a small reservoir at the confluence of the Flint River , Kinchafoonee Creek , and Muckalee Creek . The concrete Flint River Dam was built in 1908 for hydroelectric generation and is owned by Georgia Power today . Lake Chehaw is very riverine and shallow with average depths of 17 feet . In winter , the lake is drawn down nearly 10 feet in anticipation of flooding spring rains . In the Flood of 1994 , the lake overflowed its banks and the dam itself was underwater at one point ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gopachal_Hill", "text": "Gopachal rock-cut Jain monuments , also called Gopachal Parvat Jaina monuments , are a group of Jain carvings dated to between 7th and 15th century . They are located around the walls of the Gwalior Fort , Madhya Pradesh . They depict Tirthankaras in seated Padmasana posture as well as standing Kayotsarga posture , in the typical naked form of Jain iconography . The number of Jain rock shrines at Gwalior , with numerous monumental statues , is unmatched anywhere else . James Burgess writes : In the 15th century , during the reign of the Tomara Rajas , the Jains seem to have been seized with an uncontrollable impulse to convert the cliff that sustains the fort into a great shrine in honour of their religion , and in a few years excavated the most extensive series of Jaina caves known to exist anywhere ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antônio_Pizzonia", "text": "Antônio Reginaldo Pizzonia Júnior ( born 11 September 1980 ) is a Brazilian professional racing driver who has raced in Formula One and the Champ Car World Series . As of 2013 , he is competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship ( driving for Delta-ADR ) and the Grand-Am Rolex Series ( driving for Michael Shank Racing ) . Born in Manaus , Pizzonia started his car racing career in the Formula Vauxhall Junior series in 1997 , and then progressed through various junior formulae , winning the Formula Vauxhall Junior Winter Festival in 1997 , the Formula Vauxhall Junior and Formula Renault Winter Festival in 1998 , the Formula Renault 2.0 UK in 1999 , and the British Formula 3 Championship in 2000 . For 2001 and 2002 , he entered the Formula 3000 , with his best championship finish being sixth in 2001 . In 2003 , he was signed by the Jaguar Formula One team , but following poor results , was released during the season . In 2004 , he replaced the injured Ralf Schumacher at Williams in several events , securing his first Formula One points in the process . In 2005 , he replaced Nick Heidfeld at Williams , but was released from his contract at the end of the season . Since then , he has competed in multiple series , such as the Champ Car World Series , the Superleague Formula , Stock Car Brasil , and the FIA GT1 World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Indonesia", "text": "Indonesia ( /ˌɪndəˈniːʒə/ ( listen ) IN-də-NEE-zhə ) , officially the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia [ reˈpublik ɪndoˈnesia ] ( listen ) ) , [ a ] is a country in Southeast Asia , between the Indian and Pacific oceans . It is the world 's largest island country , with more than seventeen thousand islands , and at 1,904,569 square kilometres ( 735,358 square miles ) , the 14th largest by land area and 7th in the combined sea and land area . With over 267 million people , it is the world 's 4th most populous country as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country . Java , the world 's most populous island , is home to more than half of the country 's population . The country 's capital , Jakarta , is the second-most populous urban area in the world . The sovereign state is a presidential , constitutional republic with an elected legislature . It has 34 provinces , of which five have special status . The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and the eastern part of Malaysia . Other neighbouring countries include Singapore , Vietnam , the Philippines , Australia , Palau , and India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands . Despite its large population and densely populated regions , Indonesia has vast areas of wilderness that support a high level of biodiversity . The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas , coal , tin , copper , gold , and nickel , while agriculture mainly produces rice , palm oil , tea , coffee , cacao , medicinal plants , spices , and rubber . China , the United States , Japan , Singapore , and India are Indonesia 's major trading partners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation", "text": "PlayStation ( Japanese : プレイステーション , Hepburn : Pureisutēshon , officially abbreviated as PS ) is a video game brand that consists of four home video game consoles , as well as a media center , an online service , a line of controllers , two handhelds and a phone , as well as multiple magazines . The brand is produced by Sony Interactive Entertainment , a division of Sony , with the first console releasing as the PlayStation in Japan released in December 1994 , and worldwide the following year . The original console in the series was the first console of any type to ship over 100 million units , doing so in under a decade . Its successor , the PlayStation 2 , was released in 2000 . The PlayStation 2 is the best-selling home console to date , having reached over 155 million units sold by the end of 2012 . Sony 's next console , the PlayStation 3 , was released in 2006 , selling over 87.4 million units by March 2017 . Sony 's latest console , the PlayStation 4 , was released in 2013 , selling a million units within a day , becoming the fastest selling console in history . The next console in the series , the PlayStation 5 , is expected to be released by the end of 2020 . The first handheld game console in the series , the PlayStation Portable or PSP , sold a total of 80 million units worldwide by November 2013 . Its successor , the PlayStation Vita , which launched in Japan in December 2011 and in most other major territories in February 2012 , selling over four million units by January 2013 . PlayStation TV is a microconsole and a non-portable variant of the PlayStation Vita handheld game console . Other hardware released as part of the PlayStation series includes the PSX , a digital video recorder which was integrated with the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 , though it was short lived due to its high price and was never released outside Japan , as well as a Sony Bravia television set which has an integrated PlayStation 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HIM_(Finnish_band)", "text": "HIM ( sometimes stylized as H.I.M . ) was a Finnish gothic rock band from Helsinki , Finland . Formed in 1991 by vocalist Ville Valo and bassist Mikko Mige Paananen under the name His Infernal Majesty , the band broke up in 1993 , before being reformed in 1995 by Valo and guitarist Mikko Linde Lindström . After being rejoined by Mige , as well as new additions keyboardist Antto Melasniemi and drummer Juhana Pätkä Rantala , the band , now called HIM , released their debut album Greatest Lovesongs Vol . 666 in 1997 . In 2000 , now with drummer Mika Gas Lipstick Karppinen and keyboardist Juska Salminen , the band released the album Razorblade Romance , which reached the number one spot in Finland , Austria and Germany . Their first single , Join Me in Death , also charted at number one in Finland and Germany , eventually going platinum and gold respectively . Following the addition of Janne Burton Puurtinen on keyboards , HIM released Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights and Love Metal in 2001 and 2003 respectively . Both cracked the top ten in several countries , and allowed the band to tour the United Kingdom and the United States for the first time . In 2005 , HIM released Dark Light , which became the group 's most commercially successful album to date , charting in fifteen countries . With Dark Light , HIM also became the first Finnish group to receive a gold record in the US . In 2007 , HIM released Venus Doom , the making of which was marred by problems in Valo 's personal life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dundry", "text": "Dundry is a village and civil parish , situated on Dundry Hill in the northern part of the Mendip Hills , between Bristol and the Chew Valley Lake , in the English county of Somerset . The parish includes the hamlets of Maiden Head and East Dundry . The parish had a 2011 population of 829 . The village lies on the route of the Monarch 's Way long-distance footpath ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_400_metres", "text": "The women 's 400 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium from August 21 to 24 . The first round had split a full roster of runners into eight heats with the first three gaining a direct qualification and then the next six fastest across all heats advancing to the semifinals . The top two runners in each of the three semifinal heats moved on directly to the final , and they are immediately joined by the next two fastest from any of the semifinals . Coming into the final , the fastest qualifiers were Monique Hennagan and Natalya Antyukh challenging each other in their semi final , Tonique Williams-Darling racing DeeDee Trotter in theirs , with world champion Ana Guevara cruising her semi final just staying ahead of Christine Amertil . In the final , Hennagan again went for the lead with Amertil and Natalya Nazarova each taking their shot at her in the first 200 , only to fade after . Starting slightly slower , Williams came on strongly on the backstretch , marked by Guevara around the second turn . Coming off the turn Guevara had Williams where she wanted her , and Sanya Richards about even with Hennigan a couple of steps behind , with Antyukh and Trotter another step behind . Less than 50 meters from the finish , Guevara moved into the lead , but Williams kicked it into a different gear and pulled away to finish with gold . On the inside , Trotter rocketed past Richards and was gaining on Hennagan . Hennagan tried to fight , long striding with a slowing cadence to the finish , losing ground to a fast closing Antyukh . Defeated , Guevara gave up the fight and glided across the finish line with silver . 3 meters back , Antyukh clearly beat a wilting Hennagan , who still managed to hold off the fast closing Trotter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nuwara_Eliya", "text": "Nuwara Eliya ( Sinhala : නුවර එළිය [ nuwərə ɛlijə ] ; Tamil : நுவரெலியா ) is a city in the hill country of the Central Province , Sri Lanka . Its name means city on the plain ( table land ) or city of light . The city is the administrative capital of Nuwara Eliya District , with a picturesque landscape and temperate climate . It is at an altitude of 1,868 m ( 6,128 ft ) and is considered to be the most important location for tea production in Sri Lanka . The city is overlooked by Pidurutalagala , the tallest mountain in Sri Lanka . Nuwara Eliya is known for its temperate , cool climate - the coolest area in Sri Lanka ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Far_Ultraviolet_Camera/Spectrograph", "text": "The Far Ultraviolet Camera/Spectrograph ( UVC ) was one of the experiments deployed on the lunar surface by the Apollo 16 astronauts . It consisted of a telescope and camera that obtained astronomical images and spectra in the far ultraviolet region of the electromagnetic spectrum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trapani", "text": "Trapani ( US : /ˈtrɑːpəni/ TRAH-pə-nee , Italian : [ ˈtraːpani ] ( listen ) ; Sicilian : Tràpani [ ˈʈɽaːpanɪ ] ; Latin : Drepanum ; Ancient Greek : Δρέπανον ) is a city and comune on the west coast of Sicily in Italy . It is the capital of the Province of Trapani . Founded by Elymians , the city is still an important fishing port and the main gateway to the nearby Egadi Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tage_Fahlborg", "text": "Tage Fahlborg ( April 24 , 1912 - January 8 , 2005 ) was a Swedish sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1930s . He won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windfields_Farm", "text": "For the American subsidiary , see Windfields Farm ( Maryland ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cox's_Bazar", "text": "Cox 's Bazar ( Bengali : কক্সবাজার , pronounced [ kɔksbadʒaɾ ] ) is a city , fishing port , tourism centre and district headquarters in southeastern Bangladesh . The beach in Cox 's Bazar is sandy and has a gentle slope and with an unbroken length of 155 km ( 96 mi ) it is often termed the longest natural unbroken sea beach in the world.There many disputes over that claim since the Federal Republic of Brazil has over 4,500 miles of coastline on the South Atlantic which covers sand beaches such Copacabana in the State of Rio de Janeiro . It is located 150 km ( 93 mi ) south of the divisional headquarter of Chittagong . Cox 's Bazar is also known by the name Panowa , which translates literally as yellow flower . Another old name was Palongkee . The modern Cox 's Bazar derives its name from Captain Hiram Cox , an officer of the British East India Company . Cox was appointed Superintendent of Palongkee outpost after Warren Hastings became Governor of Bengal . He embarked upon the task of rehabilitation and settlement of the Arakanese refugees in the area . Captain Cox died in 1799 before he could finish his work . To commemorate his role in rehabilitation work , a market was established and named Cox 's Bazar after him . Unlike many locations in the Indian Subcontinent where place names dating from the colonial period have been changed , Cox 's name is still retained in the city he founded . Today , Cox 's Bazar is one of the most visited tourist destinations in Bangladesh , although not a major international tourist destination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Club_Brugge", "text": "Club Brugge Koninklijke Voetbalvereniging ( Dutch pronunciation : [ klʏˈbrʏɣə ˌkoːnɪŋkləkə ˈvudbɑlvəreːnəɣɪŋ ] ) , commonly referred to as just Club Brugge , or Club Bruges commonly in English , is a football club based in Bruges in Belgium . It was founded in 1891 and its home ground is the Jan Breydel Stadium , which has a capacity of 29,062 . One of the most decorated clubs in Belgian football , the club have been crowned Belgian league champions 15 times , second only to major rivals Anderlecht , and it shares the Jan Breydel Stadium with city rival Cercle Brugge , with whom they contest the Bruges derby . Throughout its long history , Club Brugge has enjoyed much European football success , reaching two European finals and two European semi-finals . Club Brugge is the only Belgian club to have played the final of the European Cup ( forerunner of the current UEFA Champions League ) so far , losing to Liverpool in the final of the 1978 season . They also lost in the 1976 UEFA Cup Final to the same opponents . Club Brugge holds the European record number of consecutive participations in the UEFA Europa League ( 20 ) , the record number of Belgian Cups ( 11 ) , and the record number of Belgian Super Cups ( 15 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greensboro,_Georgia", "text": "Greensboro is a city in and the county seat of Greene County , Georgia , United States . Its population was 3,359 as of the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khmer_language", "text": "Khmer /kmɛər/ ( natively ភាសាខ្មែរ phiăsaa khmae Khmer pronunciation : [ pʰiə.ˈsaː kʰmae ] , dialectal khmæ or khmɛɛr , or more formally ខេមរភាសា kheemaʾraʾ phiăsaa Khmer pronunciation : [ kʰeː.maʔ.raʔ pʰiə.ˈsaː ] ) is the language of the Khmer people and the official language of Cambodia . With approximately 16 million speakers , it is the second most widely spoken Austroasiatic language ( after Vietnamese ) . Khmer has been influenced considerably by Sanskrit and Pali , especially in the royal and religious registers , through Hinduism and Buddhism . The more colloquial registers have influenced , and have been influenced by , Thai , Lao , Vietnamese , and Cham , all of which , due to geographical proximity and long-term cultural contact , form a sprachbund in peninsular Southeast Asia . It is also the earliest recorded and earliest written language of the Mon-Khmer family , predating Mon and by a significant margin Vietnamese , due to Old Khmer being the language of the historical empires of Chenla , Angkor and , presumably , their earlier predecessor state , Funan . The vast majority of Khmer speakers speak Central Khmer , the dialect of the central plain where the Khmer are most heavily concentrated . Within Cambodia , regional accents exist in remote areas but these are regarded as varieties of Central Khmer . Two exceptions are the speech of the capital , Phnom Penh , and that of the Khmer Khe in Stung Treng province , both of which differ sufficiently enough from Central Khmer to be considered separate dialects of Khmer . Outside of Cambodia , three distinct dialects are spoken by ethnic Khmers native to areas that were historically part of the Khmer Empire . The Northern Khmer dialect is spoken by over a million Khmers in the southern regions of Northeast Thailand and is treated by some linguists as a separate language . Khmer Krom , or Southern Khmer , is the first language of the Khmer of Vietnam while the Khmer living in the remote Cardamom mountains speak a very conservative dialect that still displays features of the Middle Khmer language . Khmer is primarily an analytic , isolating language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tanzania", "text": "Tanzania ( /ˌtænzəˈniːə/ , [ note 2 ] Swahili : [ tanzaˈni.a ] ) , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania ) , is a country in East Africa within the African Great Lakes region . It borders Uganda to the north ; Kenya to the northeast ; Comoro Islands and the Indian Ocean to the east ; Mozambique and Malawi to the south ; Zambia to the southwest ; and Rwanda , Burundi , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west . Mount Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , is in northeastern Tanzania . Many important hominid fossils have been found in Tanzania , such as 6-million-year-old Pliocene hominid fossils . The genus Australopithecus ranged all over Africa 4 to 2 million years ago ; and the oldest remains of the genus Homo are found near Lake Olduvai . Following the rise of Homo erectus 1.8 million years ago , humanity spread all over the Old World , and later in the New World and Australia under the species Homo sapiens . Homo sapiens also overtook Africa and absorbed the older archaic species and subspecies of humanity . One of the oldest known ethnic groups still existing , the Hadzabe , appears to have originated in Tanzania , and their oral history recalls ancestors who were tall and were the first to use fire , medicine , and lived in caves , much like Homo erectus or Homo heidelbergensis who lived in the same region before them . Later in the Stone and Bronze Age , prehistoric migrations into Tanzania included Southern Cushitic speakers who moved south from present-day Ethiopia ; Eastern Cushitic people who moved into Tanzania from north of Lake Turkana about 2,000 and 4,000 years ago ; and the Southern Nilotes , including the Datoog , who originated from the present-day South Sudan-Ethiopia border region between 2,900 and 2,400 years ago . : page 18 These movements took place at about the same time as the settlement of the Mashariki Bantu from West Africa in the Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika areas . They subsequently migrated across the rest of Tanzania between 2,300 and 1,700 years ago . German rule began in mainland Tanzania during the late 19th century when Germany formed German East Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/19th_Hyderabad_Regiment", "text": "The 19th Hyderabad Regiment was an infantry regiment of the British Indian Army . It was formed at the time of reforms of the Indian Army after the First World War , when it moved from single-battalion regiments to multi-battalion regiments . The regiment saw service during the Second World War , and after Operation Polo was incorporated into the Indian Army as the Kumaon Regiment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Western_Ontario", "text": "The University of Western Ontario ( UWO ) , corporately branded as Western University as of 2012 [ update ] and commonly shortened to Western , is a public research university in London , Ontario , Canada . The main campus is on 455 hectares ( 1,120 acres ) of land , surrounded by residential neighbourhoods and the Thames River bisecting the campus 's eastern portion . The university operates twelve academic faculties and schools . It is a member of the U15 , a group of research-intensive universities in Canada . The university was founded on 7 March 1878 by Bishop Isaac Hellmuth of the Anglican Diocese of Huron as the Western University of London , Ontario . It incorporated Huron University College , which had been founded in 1863 . The first four faculties were Arts , Divinity , Law and Medicine . The Western University of London became non-denominational in 1908 . Beginning in 1919 , the university had affiliated with several denominational colleges . The university grew substantially in the post-World War II era and a number of faculties and schools were added to university . Western is a co-educational university , with more than 24,000 students , and over 306,000 living alumni worldwide . Notable alumni include government officials , academics , business leaders , Nobel Laureates , Rhodes Scholars , and distinguished fellows ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santander_Group", "text": "Banco Santander , S.A. , doing business as Santander Group ( /ˌsɑːntɑːnˈdɛər/ ) , is a Spanish multinational commercial bank and financial services company based in Madrid and Santander in Spain . Additionally , Santander maintains a presence in all global financial centres as the 16th-largest banking institution in the world . Although known for its European banking operations , it has extended operations across North and South America , and more recently in continental Asia . Many subsidiaries , such as Abbey National , have been rebranded under the Santander name . The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index . In May 2016 , Santander was ranked as 37th in the Forbes Global 2000 list of the world 's biggest public companies . Santander is Spain 's largest bank . As of 2017 , Santander is the 5th largest bank in Europe with approximately US $ 1.4 trillion in total assets-under-management ( AUM ) . Traded on the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index , the bank has a total market capitalization of $ 69.9 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burgos_Airport", "text": "Burgos Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Burgos ) ( IATA : RGS , ICAO : LEBG ) , also known as Villafría , is an airport located 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of the historic center of Burgos , a city in Spain . The company Aeronova has its maintenance headquarters in Villafría ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mitchell_Paige", "text": "Colonel Mitchell Paige ( Serbian : Михајло Пејић , Mihajlo Pejić ) ( August 31 , 1918 - November 15 , 2003 ) was a United States Marine and a recipient of the Medal of Honor from World War II . He received this , the highest military honor awarded by the United States of America , for his actions at the Battle of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands on October 26 , 1942 , where , after all of the other Marines in his platoon were killed or wounded , he operated four machine guns , singlehandedly stopping an entire Japanese regiment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panama", "text": "Panama ( /ˈpænəmɑː/ ( listen ) PAN-ə-mah , /pænəˈmɑː/ pan-ə-MAH ; Spanish : Panamá IPA : [ panaˈma ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Panama ( Spanish : República de Panamá ) , is a transcontinental country in Central America and South America , bordered by Costa Rica to the west , Colombia to the southeast , the Caribbean Sea to the north , and the Pacific Ocean to the south . The capital and largest city is Panama City , whose metropolitan area is home to nearly half the country 's 4 million people . Panama was inhabited by indigenous tribes before Spanish colonists arrived in the 16th century . It broke away from Spain in 1821 and joined the Republic of Gran Colombia , a union of Nueva Granada , Ecuador , and Venezuela . After Gran Colombia dissolved in 1831 , Panama and Nueva Granada eventually became the Republic of Colombia . With the backing of the United States , Panama seceded from Colombia in 1903 , allowing the construction of the Panama Canal to be completed by the US Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914 . The 1977 Torrijos-Carter Treaties led to the transfer of the Canal from the United States to Panama on December 31 , 1999 . Revenue from canal tolls continues to represent a significant portion of Panama 's GDP , although commerce , banking , and tourism are major and growing sectors . It is regarded as a high-income country . In 2018 Panama ranked 66th in the world in terms of the Human Development Index . In 2018 , Panama was ranked seventh-most competitive economy in Latin America , according to the World Economic Forum 's Global Competitiveness Index . Covering around 40 percent of its land area , Panama 's jungles are home to an abundance of tropical plants and animals - some of them found nowhere else on earth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014–15_Duke_Blue_Devils_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2014-15 Duke Blue Devils men 's basketball team represented Duke University during the 2014-15 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference . The team played its home games in Durham , North Carolina at Cameron Indoor Stadium , celebrating the arena 's 75th anniversary . Mike Krzyzewski led the team as head coach in his 35th season with the Blue Devils . During the season , Krzyzewski became the first head coach in Division I men 's basketball history to win 1,000 games . On the court , the team featured All-ACC players Jahlil Okafor , Quinn Cook , and Tyus Jones , with Okafor being named ACC Player of the Year and National Freshman of the Year . Duke began the season by winning its first 14 games , the seventh such start in school history . During this stretch , Duke won the 2014 Coaches vs. Cancer Classic , defeating Stanford in the championship game . In ACC play , the Blue Devils finished in 2nd place with a 15-3 conference record . They were ranked in the top 5 of the AP poll for the entire season . The team reached the semifinals of the 2015 ACC Tournament before losing to eventual champion Notre Dame . In the NCAA Tournament , Duke earned the number 1 seed in the south region , playing its first two games in Charlotte , North Carolina before advancing to the regionals at NRG Stadium in Houston , Texas . By beating Gonzaga 66-52 in the regional final , Duke advanced to the Final Four at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis , Indiana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koggala", "text": "Koggala is a small coastal town , situated at the edge of alagoon on the south coast of Sri Lanka , located in Galle District , Southern Province , Sri Lanka , governed by an Urban Council . Koggala is bounded on one side by a reef , and on the other by a large lake , Koggala Lake , into which the numerous tributaries of the Koggala Oya drain . It is approximately 139 kilometres ( 86 mi ) south of Colombo and is situated at an elevation of 3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) above the sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stefan_Mitrović_(footballer)", "text": "Stefan Mitrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стефан Митровић , pronounced [ stêfaːn mǐtroʋitɕ ] ; born 22 May 1990 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Strasbourg . At international level , he has represented the Serbia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raphael_(Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles)", "text": "Raphael , nickname Raph , is a fictional character and one of the four main characters of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media . He is usually depicted wearing a red eye mask ; in this regard he is the only turtle to retain the color in all media , whereas the others each received a different color . Raphael wields twin sai , the points of which are usually sharpened , as his primary weapon . Raphael is most famous for his temperamental personality , being short-tempered , aggressive , sullen , maddened , and rebellious . He is portrayed in most interaction as speaking with a Brooklyn accent . The origin of Raphael 's anger is not always fully explored , but in some incarnations appears to stem partly from the realization that they are the only creatures of their kind and ultimately alone . He also has a somewhat turbulent relationship with his older brother Leonardo because he is seen as the group 's leader . He is the second eldest of the turtles , and second-in-command . Like all of the brothers , he is named after a Renaissance artist ; in this case , he is named after the 16th-century Italian painter Raphael . In 2011 , Raphael placed 23rd on IGN 's Top 100 Comic Book Heroes , a list that did not feature any of his brothers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Empower_Field_at_Mile_High", "text": "Empower Field at Mile High ( previously known as Broncos Stadium at Mile High , Invesco Field at Mile High and Sports Authority Field at Mile High , and commonly known as Mile High , New Mile High or Mile High Stadium ) is an American football stadium in Denver , Colorado , named Mile High due to the city 's elevation of 5,280 feet ( 1,610 m ) . The primary tenant is the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) . It opened in 2001 to replace Mile High Stadium and was largely paid for by taxpayers . Invesco paid $ 120 million for the original naming rights , before Sports Authority secured them in 2011 . Despite its sponsor 's liquidation and closure in 2016 , the Sports Authority name remained on the stadium for two years afterwards because of regulatory hurdles . Nevertheless , the Broncos announced on January 2 , 2018 that the stadium 's exterior signage would be removed . The stadium took on a temporary name , Broncos Stadium at Mile High , for the remainder of 2018 - including the 2018 NFL season - and part of 2019 before a new corporate naming rights agreement with Empower Retirement was announced on September 4 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bentonville_Film_Festival", "text": "The Bentonville Film Festival ( BFF ) is an American film festival held annually in Bentonville , Arkansas that focuses on diversity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon", "text": "The biathlon is a winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting . It is treated as a race where the contestant with the shortest total time wins . Depending on the competition , missed shots result in extra distance or time being added to the contestant 's total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/White_Christmas_(song)", "text": "White Christmas is a 1942 Irving Berlin song reminiscing about an old-fashioned Christmas setting . The version sung by Bing Crosby is the world 's best-selling single with estimated sales in excess of 50 million copies worldwide . When the figures for other versions of the song are added to Crosby 's , sales of the song exceed 100 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Flournoy_Henry", "text": "John Flournoy Henry ( January 17 , 1793 - November 12 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky . Born at Henrys Mill , Kentucky , Henry attended Georgetown Academy , Kentucky , and Jefferson Medical College , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . He was graduated from the College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1817 . He served at Fort Meigs in 1813 as surgeon 's mate of Kentucky troops . He engaged in agricultural pursuits and the practice of medicine . Henry was elected as an Adams candidate to the Nineteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Robert P. Henry and served from December 11 , 1826 , to March 3 , 1827 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1827 to the Twentieth Congress . Professor in the Medical College of Ohio at Cincinnati in 1831 . He moved to Bloomington , Illinois , in 1834 and to Burlington , Iowa , in 1845 and resumed the practice of medicine . He died in Burlington , Iowa , November 12 , 1873 . He was interred in Aspen Grove Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church_of_Winooski", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church of Winooski , also known as the Winooski United Methodist Church , is an historic Methodist church building located at 24 West Allen Street in Winooski , Vermont . It was built in 1918 , and is a significant local example of vernacular Carpenter Gothic architecture . On March 2 , 2001 , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iceland", "text": "Iceland ( Icelandic : Ísland ; [ ˈistlant ] ( listen ) ) [ c ] is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic , with a population of 360,390 and an area of 103,000 km2 ( 40,000 sq mi ) , making it the most sparsely populated country in Europe . [ d ] The capital and largest city is Reykjavík . Reykjavik and the surrounding areas in the southwest of the country are home to over two-thirds of the population . Iceland is volcanically and geologically active . The interior consists of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields , mountains , and glaciers , and many glacial rivers flow to the sea through the lowlands . Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate , despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle . Its high latitude and marine influence keep summers chilly , with most of the archipelago having a tundra climate . According to the ancient manuscript Landnámabók , the settlement of Iceland began in 874 AD when the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson became the first permanent settler on the island . In the following centuries , Norwegians , and to a lesser extent other Scandinavians , emigrated to Iceland , bringing with them thralls ( i.e. , slaves or serfs ) of Gaelic origin . The island was governed as an independent commonwealth under the Althing , one of the world 's oldest functioning legislative assemblies . Following a period of civil strife , Iceland acceded to Norwegian rule in the 13th century . The establishment of the Kalmar Union in 1397 united the kingdoms of Norway , Denmark , and Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California_Golden_Bears", "text": "The California Golden Bears are the athletic teams that represent the University of California , Berkeley . Referred to in athletic competition as California or Cal , the university fields 30 varsity athletic programs and various club teams in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division I primarily as a member of the Pac-12 Conference , and for a limited number of sports as a member of the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation ( MPSF ) . Over the course of the school 's history , California has won team national titles in 13 men 's and 3 women 's sports and 107 team titles overall . Cal athletes have also competed in the Olympics for a host of different countries . Notable facilities used by the Bears include California Memorial Stadium ( football ) and Haas Pavilion ( basketball and other indoor sports ) . Cal finished the 2010-11 athletic season with 1,219.50 points , earning third place in the Director 's Cup standings , the Golden Bears ' highest finish ever . Cal did not receive any points for its national championships in rugby and men 's crew because those sports are not governed by the NCAA . Cal finished 12th in the 2014-15 standings . In 2014 , Cal instituted a strict academic standard for an athlete 's admission to the university . By the 2017 academic year 80 percent of incoming student athletes were required to comply with the University of California general student requirement of having a 3.0 or higher high school grade point average . California 's nickname originated in 1895 during California 's dominant track and field team 's tour of Midwest and Eastern universities . A blue silk banner with the golden grizzly bear , the state symbol , was displayed by the team during that tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_deformed", "text": "Chibi ( ちび or チビ ) is a Japanese slang word describing something short ( a thing , an animal or a person ) . It comes from the verb 禿びる ( chibiru ) , which means 'to wear out and become shorter ' ( the tip of something ) . Chibi-debu ( ちびデブ or チビデブ ) is used to describe something or someone that is both short and chubby . Chibi is widely used in Japan to describe a specific style of caricature where characters are drawn in an exaggerated way . Typically these characters are small and chubby , with stubby limbs and oversized heads to make them resemble children . This style of artwork , also known as super deformed ( shorthanded as SD ) , has since found its way into anime and manga fandom through its usage in manga works . Chibi can be translated as 'little ' ( e.g . Chibi Maruko-chan , which means Little Miss Maruko ) , but it is not used the same way as chiisana [ 小さな ] and chiisai [ 小さい ] ( 'tiny ' , 'small ' , 'little ' in Japanese ) , but rather 'cute ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emil_Chau", "text": "Wakin Chau ( born 22 December 1960 ) , better known by his stage name Emil Chau predominantly throughout the 1980s and 1990s , is a Hong Kong-born Taiwanese singer , songwriter and actor . Chau 's popularity has spread throughout Taiwan , Hong Kong , Mainland China , and parts of Southeast Asia ( Singapore , Malaysia , Indonesia , and Vietnam ) . As of August 2007 , he has released more than 40 albums and held several international concert tours ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iquitos", "text": "Iquitos ( /ɪˈkɪtɒs , iː- , -toʊs/ ( listen ) ; Spanish pronunciation : [ iˈkitos ] ) , also known as City of Iquitos , is the capital city of Peru 's Maynas Province and Loreto Region . The largest metropolis in the Peruvian Amazon , east of the Andes , it is the ninth most populous city of Peru . It is known as the capital of the Peruvian Amazon . The city is located in the Great Plains of the Amazon Basin , fed by the Amazon , Nanay , and Itaya rivers . Overall , it constitutes the Iquitos metropolitan area , a conurbation of 471,993 inhabitants consisting of four districts : Iquitos , Punchana , Belén , and San Juan Bautista . It is the largest city in the world that can not be reached by road - it is accessible only by river and air . The area was long inhabited by indigenous peoples . The founding date of the European city is uncertain . Spanish historical documents state that it was set up around 1757 as a Spanish Jesuit reduction by the banks of the Nanay River . The Jesuits gathered local Napeano ( Yameo ) and Iquito natives to live here , and they named it San Pablo de Napeanos . In the late 19th century , the city became the center of export of rubber production from the Amazon Basin and was the headquarters of the Peruvian Amazon Company ( PAC ) . The rubber boom attracted thousands of European traders and workers , some of whom amassed wealth with the high-volume production , processing and trade in rubber ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Purvi_Champaran_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Purvi Champaran Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India . This constituency came into existence in 2008 as a part of the implementation of delimitation of parliamentary constituencies based on the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metro_State_Roadrunners", "text": "The Metro State Roadrunners are the athletic teams that represent Metropolitan State University of Denver . The Roadrunners participate in 15 intercollegiate sports and compete in the Division II Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grace_Kelly_(song)", "text": "Grace Kelly is a song by the British singer Mika , released for download in 2007 . It also appears on Mika 's 2007 album Life in Cartoon Motion . Produced and mixed by Greg Wells , the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number three and the UK Official Download Chart at number one . One week later , it jumped to the top of the UK Singles Chart . The track was number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks , and ended 2007 as the year 's third biggest-selling single in that country . In the US , Grace Kelly was made available for digital download on 16 January 2007 . This song was also No . 89 on MTV Asia 's list of Top 100 Hits of 2007 . It was designed to be a mocking satire of musicians who try to reinvent themselves to be popular . The song is titled after Academy Award-winning American film and stage actress , and Princess of Monaco , Grace Kelly . The bit of dialogue used in the song is from the film The Country Girl . Mika claims the song was inspired after a bad experience with a record company executive , in which he was told to be more like Craig David ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alianza_Atlético", "text": "Club Alianza Atlético de Sullana is a Peruvian football club , located in the city of Sullana , Piura . The club was founded in 1920 and promoted to the Peruvian Primera División in 1988 . They are the only Peruvian top-tier club not based in a state capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Breck_Bednar", "text": "The Murder of Breck Bednar took place on 17 February , 2014 , at a flat on Rosebery Road in Grays , Essex , England . Bednar , a 14-year-old boy from Caterham , Surrey , was killed by 18-year-old Lewis Daynes . Bednar knew Daynes only through online gaming and had never met him in person until he visited Daynes 's flat on the day of the murder . Daynes pleaded guilty to the crime , and was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 25 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_D._Widener_Jr.", "text": "George Dunton Widener Jr. ( March 11 , 1889 - December 8 , 1971 ) was an American businessman and thoroughbred racehorse owner ; one of only five people ever designated Exemplars of Racing by the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gergely_Bobál", "text": "Gergely Bobál ( born 31 August 1995 in Salgótarján ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for ZTE . He was also part of the Hungarian U-19 at the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tame_Impala", "text": "Tame Impala is a psychedelic music project of Australian multi-instrumentalist Kevin Parker . In the recording studio , Parker writes , records , performs , and produces all of the project 's music . As a touring act , Tame Impala consists of Parker ( guitar , vocals ) , Dominic Simper ( guitar , synthesiser ) , Jay Watson ( synthesiser , vocals , guitar ) , Cam Avery ( bass guitar , vocals ) , and Julien Barbagallo ( drums , vocals ) . Many of them are members of , or collaborators with , fellow Australian psychedelic rock band Pond ; that band 's Nick Allbrook was previously a live member of Tame Impala . Originally signed to Modular Recordings , Tame Impala is now signed to Interscope Records in the US , and Fiction Records in the UK . Parker originally conceived the project in Perth in 2007 . After a series of singles and EPs , Tame Impala 's debut studio album , Innerspeaker , was released in 2010 ; it was certified gold in Australia and well received by critics . Parker 's 2012 follow-up , Lonerism , was also acclaimed , reaching platinum status in Australia and receiving a Grammy Award nomination for Best Alternative Music Album . Tame Impala 's third album , Currents , was released in July 2015 , and like its predecessor , it won ARIA Awards for Best Rock Album and Album of the Year . Parker won the APRA Award for Song of the Year 2016 for Currents ' first track , Let It Happen . The fourth and most recent studio album , The Slow Rush , was released 14 February 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trusted_Media_Brands", "text": "Trusted Media Brands , Inc. ( TMBI ) , formerly known as the Reader 's Digest Association , Inc. ( RDA ) , is an [ American multi-platform media and publishing company that is co-headquartered in New York City and White Plains , New York . The company was founded by husband and wife DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace in New York City in 1922 with the first publication of the magazine Reader 's Digest . The company 's brands include Reader 's Digest , Taste of Home , The Family Handyman , Simple & Delicious , Birds & Blooms , Reminisce , Country , EnrichU , and others . At its peak in 1973 , the flagship magazine had over 30 million subscribers and continues to be published in 30 countries . As of 2016 , its portfolio of brands garners 53 million unique online visitors and 40 million print readers per month ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988–89_Calgary_Flames_season", "text": "The 1988-89 Calgary Flames season was the ninth season for the Calgary Flames and 17th for the Flames franchise in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . They won their second consecutive Presidents ' Trophy as the NHL 's top regular season club and went on to win the first Stanley Cup championship in franchise history , defeating the Montreal Canadiens in the 1989 Stanley Cup Final . Al MacInnis won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the playoffs . The regular season saw the debut of Theoren Fleury , who went on to become the Flames ' all-time leading scorer , and Sergei Pryakhin , who became the first Soviet player allowed to play in the NHL . Four players represented the Flames at the 1989 All-Star Game : Gary Suter , Joe Nieuwendyk , Joe Mullen and Mike Vernon . Mullen received several awards following the season . He was named the winner of the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy for gentlemanly conduct , won the Emery Edge Award for having the top plus-minus in the league and was named a First Team All-Star . Co-captain Lanny McDonald scored his 1,000th point and 500th goal late in the season . He ended his Hockey Hall of Fame career by scoring a goal in the game that clinched the Stanley Cup before announcing his retirement in the summer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Double_Dragon", "text": "Double Dragon , Daburu Doragon - Sō Setsu Ryū ) . This beat 'em up video game series was initially developed by Technōs Japan and released as an arcade game in 1987 . The series stars twin martial artists , Billy and Jimmy Lee , as they fight against various adversaries and rivals . Due to the popularity of the game series , an animated series and live-action film adaptation have also been produced as well as being panned by critics and audiences alike . The franchise is now the property of Arc System Works , the company that had ported the original Double Dragon to the Sega Master System console in 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cornell_Big_Red_men's_basketball", "text": "The Cornell Big Red men 's basketball team represents Cornell University ( one of eight members Ivy League ) , located in Ithaca , New York , in NCAA Division I men 's competition . The Big Red 's appearance in the 2008 NCAA Tournament was their first trip to The Big Dance since 1988 . On March 14 , 2016 , Cornell did not renew the contract of head coach Bill Courtney , who was hired after the 2009-10 season . On April 18 , 2016 Brian Earl was named the 22nd head coach in the program 's history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1971", "text": "Miss World 1971 , the 21st edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 10 November 1971 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . 56 contestants competed for the Miss World and Lúcia Petterle from Brazil won the crown of Miss World 1971 . She was crowned by Miss World 1970 , Jennifer Hosten of Grenada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_U18", "text": "The Western Jets is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Victorian premier U18 competition , the NAB League , since its inception in 1992 . The club have developmental squads in the U15 and 16 age groups , however much of the attention is towards its U18 team . The club is geographically set in Melbourne 's West as part of a decision by AFL Victoria ( formerly Football Victoria ) to have clubs in all regions of the state . The club trains in Melbourne 's inner west at Crofts Reserve in Altona North and plays NAB League matches at Burbank Oval in Williamstown . Their current coach is Ryan OKeefe , who replaced Torin Baker at the end of the 2018 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cotterstock", "text": "Cotterstock is a village and civil parish in East Northamptonshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 153 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samuel_Morse", "text": "Samuel Finley Breese Morse ( April 27 , 1791 - April 2 , 1872 ) was an American painter and inventor . After having established his reputation as a portrait painter , in his middle age Morse contributed to the invention of a single-wire telegraph system based on European telegraphs . He was a co-developer of Morse code and helped to develop the commercial use of telegraphy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Savannah,_Georgia", "text": "Savannah ( /səˈvænə/ ) is the oldest city in the U.S. state of Georgia and is the county seat of Chatham County . Established in 1733 on the Savannah River , the city of Savannah became the British colonial capital of the Province of Georgia and later the first state capital of Georgia . A strategic port city in the American Revolution and during the American Civil War , Savannah is today an industrial center and an important Atlantic seaport . It is Georgia 's fifth-largest city , with a 2018 estimated population of 145,862 . The Savannah metropolitan area , Georgia 's third-largest , had an estimated population of 389,494 in 2018 . Each year Savannah attracts millions of visitors to its cobblestone streets , parks , and notable historic buildings . These buildings include the birthplace of Juliette Gordon Low ( founder of the Girl Scouts of the USA ) , the Georgia Historical Society ( the oldest continually operating historical society in the South ) , the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences ( one of the South 's first public museums ) , the First African Baptist Church ( one of the oldest African-American Baptist congregations in the United States ) , Temple Mickve Israel ( the third-oldest synagogue in the U.S. ) , and the Central of Georgia Railway roundhouse complex ( the oldest standing antebellum rail facility in the U.S. ) . Savannah 's downtown area , which includes the Savannah Historic District , the Savannah Victorian Historic District , and 22 parklike squares , is one of the largest National Historic Landmark Districts in the United States ( designated by the U.S. government in 1966 ) . [ a ] Downtown Savannah largely retains the original town plan prescribed by founder James Oglethorpe ( a design now known as the Oglethorpe Plan ) . Savannah was the host city for the sailing competitions during the 1996 Summer Olympics held in Atlanta ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Géza_von_Radványi", "text": "Géza von Radványi ( 26 September 1907 - 27 November 1986 ) was a Hungarian film director , cinematographer , producer and writer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selangor", "text": "Selangor ( /səˈlæŋər/ ; Malay : [ s ( ə ) laŋo ( r ) ] ) , also known by its Arabic honorific Darul Ehsan , or Abode of Sincerity , is one of the 13 states of Malaysia . It is on the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia and is bordered by Perak to the north , Pahang to the east , Negeri Sembilan to the south and the Strait of Malacca to the west . Selangor surrounds the federal territories of Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya , both of which were previously part of it . The state capital of Selangor is Shah Alam and its royal capital is Klang . Petaling Jaya and Subang Jaya received city status in 2006 and 2019 , respectively . Selangor is one of four Malaysian states that contain more than one city with official city status ; the others are Sarawak , Johor , and Penang . The state of Selangor has the largest economy in Malaysia in terms of gross domestic product ( GDP ) , with RM 239.968 billion ( roughly US $ 55.5 billion ) in 2015 , comprising 22.6% of the country 's GDP . It is the most developed state in Malaysia ; it has good infrastructure such as highways and transport , and has the largest population in Malaysia , a high standard of living and the lowest poverty rate in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Paulo", "text": "São Paulo ( /ˌsaʊ ˈpaʊloʊ/ ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w̃ ˈpawlu ] ( listen ) ) is a municipality in the Southeast Region of Brazil . The metropolis is an alpha global city ( as listed by the GaWC ) and the most populous city in Brazil , the Western Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere , besides being the largest Portuguese-speaking city in the world . The municipality is also the world 's 12th largest city proper by population . The city is the capital of the surrounding state of São Paulo , the most populous and wealthiest state in Brazil . It exerts strong international influences in commerce , finance , arts and entertainment . The name of the city honors the Apostle , Saint Paul of Tarsus . The city 's metropolitan area , the Greater São Paulo , ranks as the most populous in Brazil and the 12th most populous on Earth . The process of conurbation between the metropolitan areas located around the Greater São Paulo ( Campinas , Santos , Sorocaba and the Paraíba Valley ) created the São Paulo Macrometropolis , a megalopolis with more than 30 million inhabitants , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . Having the largest economy by GDP in Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere , the city is home to the São Paulo Stock Exchange . Paulista Avenue is the economic core of São Paulo . The city has the 11th largest GDP in the world , representing alone 10.7% of all Brazilian GDP and 36% of the production of goods and services in the state of São Paulo , being home to 63% of established multinationals in Brazil , and has been responsible for 28% of the national scientific production in 2005 . The metropolis is also home to several of the tallest skyscrapers in Brazil , including the Mirante do Vale , Edifício Itália , Banespa , North Tower and many others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmen_Ranigler", "text": "Carmen Ranigler ( born 17 August 1976 ) is an Italian snowboarder . She was born in Bolzano . She competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics , in snowboard cross and parallel giant slalom . She competed in parallel giant slalom at the 2010 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitman_(video_game)", "text": "Catrap , also known as Pitman in Japan , is a puzzle-platform video game originally developed for the Sharp MZ-700 computer in 1985 and released by Asmik for the Nintendo Game Boy in 1990 . The Game Boy version was rereleased on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in October 2011 . Destructoid credits the game with using a time-rewind mechanic before games like Blinx , Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , and Braid . The word Catrap refers to the frequent number of times the player is trapped and needs to reverse their movements and the two anthropomorphic cats the player must manoeuvre to advance through the levels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kansas_State_University", "text": "Kansas State University ( KSU ) , commonly shortened to Kansas State or K-State , is a public research university with its main campus in Manhattan , Kansas . It was opened as the state 's land-grant college in 1863 and was the first public institution of higher learning in the state of Kansas . It had a record high enrollment of 24,766 students for the Fall 2014 semester . The university is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . Kansas State 's academic offerings are administered through nine colleges , including the College of Veterinary Medicine and the College of Technology and Aviation in Salina . Graduate degrees offered include 65 master 's degree programs and 45 doctoral degrees . Branch campuses are in Salina and Olathe . The Kansas State University Polytechnic Campus in Salina is home to the College of Technology and Aviation . The Olathe Innovation Campus has a focus on graduate work in research bioenergy , animal health , plant science and food safety and security ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bududa", "text": "Bududa is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative , and commercial center of Bududa District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Final_Fantasy", "text": "Final Fantasy [ a ] is a Japanese science fantasy media franchise created by Hironobu Sakaguchi , and developed and owned by Square Enix ( formerly Square ) . The franchise centers on a series of fantasy and science fantasy role-playing video games . The first game in the series was released in 1987 , with 14 other main-numbered entries being released since then . The franchise has since branched into other video game genres such as tactical role-playing , action role-playing , massively multiplayer online role-playing , racing , third-person shooter , fighting , and rhythm , as well as branching into other media , including CGI films , anime , manga , and novels . Final Fantasy installments are generally stand-alone stories , each with different settings , plots and main characters , but the franchise is linked by several recurring elements , including game mechanics and recurring character names . Each plot centers on a particular group of heroes who are battling a great evil , but also explores the characters ' internal struggles and relationships . Character names are frequently derived from the history , languages , pop culture , and mythologies of cultures worldwide . The mechanics of each game involve similar battle systems and maps . The Final Fantasy video game series has been both critically and commercially successful , selling more than 149 million games worldwide , making it one of the best-selling video game franchises of all time . The series is well known for its innovation , visuals , and music , such as the inclusion of full-motion videos ( FMVs ) , photorealistic character models , and music by Nobuo Uematsu . It has been a driving force in the video game industry , and the series has affected Square Enix 's business practices and its relationships with other video game developers . It has popularized many features now common in role-playing games , also popularizing the genre as a whole in markets outside Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manurewa", "text": "Manurewa is a major suburb in South Auckland , New Zealand . It was part of Manukau City before the creation of the Auckland super city in 2010 . It is located 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) south of the Manukau City Centre , and 26 km ( 16 mi ) southeast of Auckland CBD . Manurewa is Māori for drifting kite . The name refers to a kite flying competition where a kite line was severed and drifted away . The kite 's owner was the chief Tamapahore who had a pā ( fortified village ) on Matuku-tururu ( Wiri Mountain ) . The name Manurewa commemorates the incident by the name . Manurewa has a high proportion of non-European ethnicities , making it one of the most multi-cultural suburbs in New Zealand . Employment for many is at the many companies of nearby Wiri , Papakura , and at the steel mill at Glenbrook . Manurewa 's main shopping centre , Southmall , is located on the Great South Road . The suburb is bisected by the Auckland Southern Motorway . Real estate values in Manurewa vary greatly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tharrawaddy_Min_Bell", "text": "The Tharrawaddy Min Bell ( Burmese : သာယာဝတီမင်း ခေါင်းလောင်းတော် ) , also known as the Maha Tissada Gandha Bell , is a large bell located at the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon , Myanmar ( Burma ) . It was donated in 1841 by King Tharrawaddy , of Konbaung Dynasty . The official Pali name of the bell is Maha Tissada Gandha , which means Great Three-toned Sweet Sound ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thousand_Oaks,_California", "text": "Thousand Oaks is the second-largest city in Ventura County , California , United States . It is in the northwestern part of Greater Los Angeles , approximately 40 miles ( 64 km ) from Downtown Los Angeles and is less than 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the Los Angeles neighborhood of Woodland Hills . It is named after the many oak trees present in the area , and the city seal is adorned with an oak . The city forms the central populated core of the Conejo Valley . Thousand Oaks was incorporated in 1964 , but has since expanded to the west and east . Two-thirds of neighboring Westlake Village and most of Newbury Park were annexed by the city during the late 1960s and 1970s . The Los Angeles County-Ventura County line crosses at the city 's eastern border with Westlake Village . The population was estimated to be 127,690 in 2018 , rising from 126,683 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colors_TV", "text": "Viacom 18 Media Pvt . Limited is an Indian joint venture operation between ViacomCBS and TV18 based in Mumbai . It was founded in November 2007 and owns various channels of ViacomCBS , as well as various consumer products in India . In January 2010 , Viacom 18 went international with the launch of Colors in the United States . The channel is called Aapka Colors . In July 2010 , it got into 50/50 distribution joint venture with Sun Network to form Sun 18 . In December 2011 , Viacom 18 launched Nickelodeon Sonic , targeting young adults . The company also owns Viacom18 Motion Pictures . On 31 January 2018 , TV18 announced its acquisition of Viacom 's majority in the joint venture , taking operational control and leaving Viacom with minority interest . On 1 October 2019 , Viacom 18 launched Colors HD in Malaysia on Astro Malaysia ; every serial will be served with Malay and English subtitles . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Brooklyn_South", "text": "Brooklyn South is an American ensemble police drama television series that aired on CBS for one season from September 22 , 1997 , to April 27 , 1998 . It was aired during the 1997-98 television season . The series was co-created by Steven Bochco , Bill Clark , David Milch and William M. Finkelstein . The series attempted to create a setting of a gritty , realistic police station similar to NYPD Blue , but focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives . The pilot was noted as the first TV-MA rated episode on broadcast television ( or rather , TV-M as the rating was displayed during the time ) , making it the first time a show on CBS would receive a TV-MA rating ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Team_Sky", "text": "Team Ineos ( UCI team code : INS ) ( formerly Team Sky from 2010-2019 ) is a British professional cycling team that competes at UCI WorldTeam level . The team is based at the National Cycling Centre in Manchester , England , with a logistics base in Deinze , Belgium . The team is managed by British Cycling 's former performance director , Sir Dave Brailsford . The team launched in 2010 with the ambition of winning the Tour de France with a British rider within five years , a goal achieved within just three years when Bradley Wiggins won the 2012 Tour de France , becoming the first British winner in its history , while teammate and fellow Briton Chris Froome finished as the runner up and then went on to win the 2013 Tour de France , thereby achieving the team 's primary aim twice over within the original five-year time period . Froome won Sky 's third Tour de France title in 2015 , fourth in 2016 and fifth in 2017 . Froome also went on to win the 2017 Vuelta a España and the 2018 Giro d'Italia , making him the champion of all three Grand Tours at once . Froome was also retrospectively awarded victory in the 2011 Vuelta a España , after the original victor Juan José Cobo was stripped of his title due to an anti-doping violation . Team Ineos also won the 2018 Tour de France with Geraint Thomas and the 2019 Tour de France with Egan Bernal , meaning that the team have won seven of the last eight editions of the Tour de France . Following the decision by British media company Sky UK not to renew sponsorship , the team secured financial support from the British chemicals group Ineos , with the team thereby renamed as Team Ineos from April 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_St_Michael,_Flixton", "text": "St Michael 's Church , Flixton , is an Anglican parish church in Flixton , Greater Manchester dedicated to Michael the Archangel . It lies in the parish of Flixton ( which originally encompassed the parish of Urmston ) , in the Anglican Diocese of Manchester ( previously in the Diocese of Lichfield for 500 years ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Louis_Bombers_(NBA)", "text": "The St. Louis Bombers were an original National Basketball Association franchise based in St. Louis , Missouri . Originally founded in 1946 , the team ceased operations in 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cumberland_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey . As of the 2017 Census estimate , the county 's population was 150,972 , making it the state 's 16th-largest county , representing a 2.8% decrease from the 156,898 enumerated at the 2010 United States Census , in turn increasing by 10,460 ( +7.1% ) from the 146,438 counted in the 2000 Census , retaining its position as the state 's 16th-most populous county . Its county seat is Bridgeton . Cumberland County is named for Prince William , Duke of Cumberland . The county was formally created from portions of Salem County as of January 19 , 1748 . This county is part of the Vineland-Millville-Bridgeton Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dancing_at_Lughnasa", "text": "Dancing at Lughnasa is a 1990 play by dramatist Brian Friel set in County Donegal in Ulster in the north of Ireland in August 1936 in the fictional town of Ballybeg . It is a memory play told from the point of view of the adult Michael Evans , the narrator . He recounts the summer in his aunts ' cottage when he was seven years old ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Krugersdorp", "text": "Krugersdorp ( Afrikaans for Kruger 's town ) is a mining city in the West Rand , Gauteng Province , South Africa founded in 1887 by Marthinus Pretorius . Following the discovery of gold on the Witwatersrand , a need arose for a major town in the west of the reef . The government bought part of the Paardekraal farm and named the new town after the Transvaal president , Paul Kruger . Krugersdorp no longer has a separate municipal government after it was integrated into Mogale City Local Municipality along with surrounding towns . It is now the seat of government for Mogale City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doha,_Qatar", "text": "Doha ( Arabic : الدوحة , ad-Dawḥa or ad-Dōḥa , pronounced [ adˈdawħa ] ) is the capital and most populous city of the State of Qatar . It has a population of 956,460 ( 2015 ) . The city is located on the coast of the Persian Gulf in the east of the country . It is Qatar 's fastest growing city , with over 80% of the nation 's population living in Doha or its surrounding suburbs , [ citation needed ] and it is also the economic centre of the country . Doha was founded in the 1820s as an offshoot of Al Bidda . It was officially declared as the country 's capital in 1971 , when Qatar gained independence from being a British Protectorate . As the commercial capital of Qatar and one of the emergent financial centres in the Middle East , Doha is considered a beta-level global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . Doha accommodates Education City , an area devoted to research and education . The city was host to the first ministerial-level meeting of the Doha Development Round of World Trade Organization negotiations . It was also selected as host city of a number of sporting events , including the 2006 Asian Games , the 2011 Pan Arab Games and most of the games at the 2011 AFC Asian Cup . In December 2011 , the World Petroleum Council held the 20th World Petroleum Conference in Doha . Additionally , the city hosted the 2012 UNFCCC Climate Negotiations and is set to host many of the venues for the 2022 FIFA World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Edem", "text": "Anie-Ebiet Michael Edem ( born July 11 , 1989 ) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . After the 2012 CIS season , he was ranked as the tenth best player in the Canadian Football Leagues Amateur Scouting Bureau final rankings for players eligible in the 2013 CFL Draft and sixth by players in Canadian Interuniversity Sport . Edem was drafted in the first round , third overall by the Montreal Alouettes and signed with the team on May 27 , 2013 . He played CIS football for the Calgary Dinos and McGill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poschiavo", "text": "Poschiavo ( Italian : Poschiavo , Lombard : Pusciaaf , German : Puschlav , Romansh : Puschlav ) is a municipality in the Bernina Region in the canton of Grisons in Switzerland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Q.V._Lowe", "text": "Q. V. Lowe ( born January 15 , 1945 ) is a retired American baseball coach . From 1987-2014 , he was the men 's varsity baseball coach of Auburn Montgomery ( also known as Auburn University Montgomery , or AUM ) - where he established the baseball program and served for 28 consecutive seasons ; he compiled a win-loss record of 1,242-689-5 ( .643 ) . He also is a former pitcher , coach and manager in minor league baseball and in 1972 , at age 27 , spent a season as a full-time coach for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball , working under managers Leo Durocher and Whitey Lockman . Lowe was born at Red Level , Alabama . He grew up in Ocala , Florida , attended Gulf Coast Community College and graduated from Auburn University . A right-handed pitcher ( and hitter ) , he was listed at 6 ft 1 in ( 1.85 m ) tall and 185 lb ( 84 kg ) during his playing career . In two seasons at Auburn , he won 23 of 26 decisions ( .885 ) and set an Auburn Tigers record for career earned-run average ( 1.69 ) and most complete games ( ten ) in one season . He was selected in the 19th round of the 1967 Major League Baseball draft by the Cubs and compiled a won/lost mark of 24-25 with an ERA of 3.37 in 167 games over five minor-league seasons ( 1967-71 ) , most of them at the Double-A level . During his final two seasons , he was a player-coach for the San Antonio Missions of the Texas League . In 1972 , Lowe joined the Cubs ' coaching staff , serving as bullpen coach . The midyear managerial change , in which Lockman replaced Durocher , resulted in changes on the Cubs ' 1973 MLB staff , and Lowe returned to the minor leagues as manager of the Rookie-level Gulf Coast Cubs ( 1973 ) and the Class A Key West Conchs ( for the second half of the 1974 season ) . Lowe then coached in the New York Yankees ' farm system , and also became baseball coach , and eventually athletic director , of Lurleen B. Wallace Community College between 1975-81 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sergei_Berezin", "text": "Sergei Yevgenyevich Berezin ( Russian : Серге́й Евгеньевич Березин ; born November 5 , 1971 ) is a former NHL player from 1996-97 through 2002-03 . Berezin , who played left wing in the NHL , was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the tenth round ( # 256 overall ) of the 1994 NHL Entry Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Joseph_Cathedral_(Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana)", "text": "St. Joseph Cathedral ( Spanish : Catedral de San José ) is a Catholic cathedral located in downtown Baton Rouge , Louisiana , United States . It is the mother church of the Diocese of Baton Rouge , and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 22 , 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Master_of_Arts", "text": "Master of Arts ( Latin : Magister Artium or Artium Magister ; abbreviated M.A . or A.M. ) is a type of master 's degree awarded by universities in many countries . The degree is usually contrasted with the Master of Science . Those admitted to the degree typically study linguistics , history , communication studies , diplomacy , public administration , political science , or other subjects within the scope of the humanities and social sciences ; however , different universities have different conventions and may also offer the degree for fields typically considered within the natural sciences and mathematics . The degree can be conferred in respect of completing courses and passing examinations , research , or a combination of the two . The Master of Arts traces its origin to the teaching license or Licentia docendi of the University of Paris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Haggerston", "text": "Haggerston is a locale in East London , England , centred approximately on Great Cambridge Street ( now renamed Queensbridge Road ) . It is within the London Borough of Hackney and is considered to be a part of Londons East End . It is about 3.1 miles ( 5 km ) northeast of Charing Cross . The adjacent neighbourhoods are Dalston ( to the north ) , Hoxton ( to the west ) and Bethnal Green ( to the south east ) . Haggerston historically formed part of Shoreditch borough , and was divided into the following ecclesiastical parishes : All Saints , St Chad , St Columba , St Mary , St Paul , St Augustin , and St Stephen . In 1965 , the Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch became part of the new London Borough of Hackney . There is an electoral ward called Haggerston within the borough . In the 1990s a number of the area 's more rundown housing estates were refurbished and some disused public buildings were privately converted into gated communities . In 2010 , Haggerston Railway station re-opened , a little to the north of the original station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monte_Plata", "text": "Monte Plata is a municipality ( municipio ) and the capital of the Monte Plata province in the Dominican Republic . It includes the municipal districts ( distritos municipal ) of Boyá , Chirino , and Don Juan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Follow_the_Sun_(film)", "text": "Follow the Sun is a 1951 biographical film of the life of golf legend Ben Hogan . It stars Glenn Ford as Hogan and Anne Baxter as his wife . Many golfers and sports figures of the day appear in the movie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arkle_Challenge_Trophy", "text": "The Arkle Challenge Trophy is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older . It is run on the Old Course at Cheltenham , England , over a distance of about 2 miles ( 1 mile , 7 furlongs and 199 yards , or 3,199 metres ) , and during its running there are thirteen fences to be jumped . The race is for novice chasers , and takes place each year during the Cheltenham Festival in March . It is the leading minimum-distance chase for novices in the National Hunt calendar . It is the second race on the opening day of the festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chatsworth,_Georgia", "text": "Chatsworth is a city in Murray County , Georgia , United States . It is part of the Dalton , Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 3,531 at the 2000 census and 4,299 in 2010 . The city is the county seat of Murray County . According to a popular legend , the town received its name after a road sign with the word Chatsworth fell off a passing freight train nearby . Someone put the sign on a post , and the name stuck . Just east of Chatsworth are Fort Mountain and the Fort Mountain State Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taurus_(astrology)", "text": "Taurus ( Latin for bull , derived from the Greek word Ταῦρος ) is the second astrological sign in the present zodiac . It spans from 30° to 60° of the zodiac . This sign belongs to the Earth element or triplicity , and has a feminine or negative polarity , as well as a Fixed modality , quality , or quadruplicity . It is a Venus-ruled sign like Libra . The Moon has its exaltation here at exactly 3° . The Sun transits this sign from approximately April 21 until May 21 in western astrology . People born between these dates , depending on which system of astrology they subscribe to , may be called Taureans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republican_Party_(Cambodia)", "text": "The Cambodian Republican Party was a short-lived political movement established during the Khmer Republic period ( 1970-75 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricardo_Arjona", "text": "Edgar R. Arjona Morales ( born 19 January 1964 ) , known as Ricardo Arjona ( Spanish pronunciation : [ riˈkaɾðo aɾˈxona ] ) , is a Guatemalan singer-songwriter . Arjona is one of the most successful Latin American artists of all time , with more than 80 million albums sold . He is often called El Animal Nocturno ( The Nocturnal Animal ) , thanks to his breakthrough success with his fourth studio album which bears the same name . His music ranges from ballads to Latin pop , rock , pop rock , Cuban music , and more recently a cappella performances and a mixture of Tejano music and Norteño music , and other Afro-American and Latin sounds . Arjona is noted for his lyrical style , and often addresses topics such as love , sexuality , violence , racism and immigration . As of 2016 , Arjona had released sixteen studio albums , one live album , nine compilation albums and forty-three singles . Four Arjona albums reached number one on the Billboard Top Latin Albums , and ten reached number one in Argentina . Four albums had charted on the Billboard 200 . Four singles had reached number one on the Billboard Latin Songs chart and seven had done the same on Latin Pop Songs . His work earned him numerous awards and accolades , including one Grammy Award , one Latin Grammy Award , the Latin Heritage Award as well as awards from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ; a silver and golden torch and two silver seagulls from the 2010 Viña del Mar International Song Festival , two Billboard Latin Music Awards , and a Latin Trajectory of the Year Award at the Orgullosamente Latino Awards of 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Utah_Utes_men's_basketball", "text": "The Utah Utes men 's basketball team represents the University of Utah as an NCAA Division I program that plays in the Pac-12 Conference . They are currently led by head coach Larry Krystkowiak and play their home games at the Jon M. Huntsman Center . The school has made the NCAA Tournament 27 times , which ranks 20th in NCAA history and tied for third most appearances behind UCLA and the University of Arizona in the Western United States . They last made the tournament in 2016 . Utah won the NCAA Championship in 1944 , defeating Dartmouth College 42-40 for the school 's only NCAA basketball championship . However , the school also claims the 1916 AAU National Championship , which was awarded after winning the AAU national tournament . They have also won the NIT once , defeating Kentucky in 1947 . In 1998 , the Utes played in the NCAA championship game , losing to Kentucky ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Galina_Bogomolova", "text": "Galina Yevgeniyevna Bogomolova ( Russian : Галина Евгеньевна Богомолова ) ( born 15 October 1977 ) is a Russian long-distance runner , who specializes in the 10,000 metres and the marathon . Bogomolova won the Rome City Marathon in 2008 in 2:22:53 , which was the fastest marathon recorded in Italy at the time . Two years earlier she had set her personal best of 2:20:47 , realized in the 2006 Chicago Marathon . Bogomolova has also had success in cross country running : she took individual silver and team gold at the 2002 European Cross Country Championships and won the 2002 edition of the Lotto Cross Cup Brussels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patricia_Heaton", "text": "Patricia Helen Heaton ( born March 4 , 1958 ) is an American actress and comedian . She is known for her starring role as Debra Barone in the CBS sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond ( 1996-2005 ) and as Frances Frankie Heck on the ABC sitcom The Middle ( 2009-2018 ) . Since 2019 , Heaton stars as Dr. Carol Kenney in the CBS sitcom Carol 's Second Act . Heaton is a three-time Emmy Award winner - twice winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for Everybody Loves Raymond , and a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Culinary Program as host of Patricia Heaton Parties ( 2015-2016 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loretto,_Tennessee", "text": "Loretto is a city in Lawrence County , Tennessee , United States . The population was 1,714 at the 2010 census , up from 1,665 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bradford", "text": "Bradford /ˈbrædfərd/ ( listen ) is a city in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines , 8.6 miles ( 14 km ) west of Leeds , and 16 miles ( 26 km ) north-west of Wakefield . Bradford became a municipal borough in 1847 , and received its charter as a city in 1897 . Following local government reform in 1974 , city status was bestowed upon the City of Bradford metropolitan borough . Bradford forms part of the West Yorkshire Urban Area , which in 2001 had a population of 1.5 million and is the fourth largest in the United Kingdom . Bradford itself has a population of 529,870 , which makes it the seventh-largest city in the United Kingdom and the third-largest city in Yorkshire and the Humber after Leeds and Sheffield . Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire , Bradford rose to prominence in the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture , particularly wool . It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution , and amongst the earliest industrialised settlements , rapidly becoming the wool capital of the world . The area 's access to a supply of coal , iron ore and soft water facilitated the growth of Bradford 's manufacturing base , which , as textile manufacture grew , led to an explosion in population and was a stimulus to civic investment ; Bradford has a large amount of listed Victorian architecture including the grand Italianate City Hall . The textile sector in Bradford fell into decline from the mid-20th century . Bradford has since emerged as a tourist destination , becoming the first UNESCO City of Film with attractions such as the National Science and Media Museum , Bradford City Park , the Alhambra theatre and Cartwright Hall . Bradford has faced similar challenges to the rest of post-industrial Northern England , including deindustrialisation , social unrest and economic deprivation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czechoslovakia", "text": "Czechoslovakia , or Czecho-Slovakia ( /ˌtʃɛkoʊsloʊˈvækiə , -kə- , -slə- , -ˈvɑː-/ ; Czech and Slovak : Československo , Česko-Slovensko ) , was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918 , when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire , until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993 . From 1939 to 1945 , following its forced division and partial incorporation into Nazi Germany , the state did not de facto exist but its government-in-exile continued to operate . From 1948 to 1990 , Czechoslovakia was part of the Eastern Bloc with a command economy . Its economic status was formalized in membership of Comecon from 1949 and its defense status in the Warsaw Pact of May 1955 . A period of political liberalization in 1968 , known as the Prague Spring , was forcibly ended when the Soviet Union , assisted by several other Warsaw Pact countries , invaded Czechoslovakia . In 1989 , as Marxist-Leninist governments and socialism were ending all over Europe , Czechoslovaks peacefully deposed their government in the Velvet Revolution ; state price controls were removed after a period of preparation . In 1993 , Czechoslovakia split into the two sovereign states of the Czech Republic and Slovakia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lena_Burke", "text": "Lena Burke , also known as Lena Pérez or simply Lena ( February 18 , 1978 , in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban singer-songwriter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ike_Opara", "text": "Ikenna Martin Ike Opara ( /oʊˈpɑːrə/ ; born February 21 , 1989 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a defender for Minnesota United in Major League Soccer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Malaysia_Super_League", "text": "The 2014 Liga Super ( English : 2014 Super League ) also known as the Astro Liga Super for sponsorship reasons is the 11th season of the Liga Super , the top-tier professional football league in Malaysia . The season was held from 17 January and concluded on 25 June 2014 . The Liga Super champions for 2014 was Johor Darul Ta'zim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ken_Starch", "text": "Kenneth Earl Starch ( born March 5 , 1954 ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League . He played for the Green Bay Packers in 1976 . He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . Starch also briefly played for the Oakland Raiders in the National Football League , and the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology", "text": "Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) is a private research university in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The Institute is a land-grant , sea-grant , and space-grant university , with an urban campus that extends more than a mile ( 1.6 km ) alongside the Charles River . The Institute also encompasses a number of major off-campus facilities such as the MIT Lincoln Laboratory , the Bates Center , and the Haystack Observatory , as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes . Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States , MIT adopted a European polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering . It has since played a key role in the development of many aspects of modern science , engineering , mathematics , and technology , and is widely known for its innovation and academic strength , making it one of the most prestigious institutions of higher learning in the world . As of October 2019 [ update ] , 96 Nobel laureates , 26 Turing Award winners , and 8 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni , faculty members , or researchers . In addition , 58 National Medal of Science recipients , 29 National Medals of Technology and Innovation recipients , 50 MacArthur Fellows , 73 Marshall Scholars , 48 Rhodes Scholars , 41 astronauts , and 16 Chief Scientists of the US Air Force have been affiliated with MIT . The school also has a strong entrepreneurial culture , and the aggregated annual revenues of companies founded by MIT alumni ( $ 1.9 trillion ) would rank roughly as the tenth-largest economy in the world ( 2014 ) . MIT is a member of the Association of American Universities ( AAU ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Outfielder", "text": "An outfielder is a person playing in one of the three defensive positions in baseball or softball , farthest from the batter . These defenders are the left fielder , the center fielder , and the right fielder . As an outfielder , their duty is to catch fly balls and/ ground balls then to return them to the infield for the out or before the runner advances , if there is any runners on the bases . As an outfielder , they normally play behind the six players located in the field . By convention , each of the nine defensive positions in baseball is numbered . The outfield positions are 7 ( left field ) , 8 ( center field ) and 9 ( right field ) . These numbers are shorthand designations useful in baseball scorekeeping and are not necessarily the same as the squad numbers worn on player uniforms . Outfielders named to the MLB All-Century Team are Hank Aaron , Ty Cobb , Joe DiMaggio , Mickey Mantle , Willie Mays , Stan Musial , Pete Rose , Babe Ruth , Ted Williams and Ken Griffey Jr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Mackey_(American_football)", "text": "John Mackey ( September 24 , 1941 - July 6 , 2011 ) was an American professional football player who was a tight end for the Baltimore Colts and the San Diego Chargers . He was born in Roosevelt , New York and attended Syracuse University . He was the first president of the National Football League Players Association following the AFL-NFL merger , serving from 1970 to 1973 . Mackey was also a big reason for the NFLPA to create the 88 Plan which would financially support ex-players who required living assistance in later years . A five-time Pro Bowler , Mackey was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1992 , the second pure tight end elected ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WRKX", "text": "WRKX ( 95.3 FM , Jack FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a variety hits format . Licensed to Ottawa , Illinois , the station covers Northern Illinois , including LaSalle , and Ottawa . It is owned by NRG Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dyke,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Dyke is a village in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated less than 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east from the A15 road , and approximately 1 mile north-east from Bourne . Dyke is within Bourne civil parish . The name Dyke arises from its lying on Car Dyke , a once much larger Roman ditch , which runs along the western edge of The Fens . The section of Car Dyke between Dyke and Bourne is a scheduled ancient monument . For population statistics Dyke , Twenty , South Fen , and Spalding road outside Bourne are taken together ; Dyke is the largest of these settlements . [ citation needed ] The 2001 census recorded a population of 1,598 , falling to 1,541 at the 2011 census . Dyke and Dyke Fen fall within the drainage area of the Black Sluice Internal Drainage Board . A new fountain was built on the green in the centre of the village to mark the millennium . [ citation needed ] Dyke 's public house is The Wishing Well Inn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yu_Xiaoyu", "text": "Yu Xiaoyu ( Chinese : 于小雨 ; pinyin : Yú Xiǎoyǔ ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ y̌ ɕjàu ỳ ] ; born in Beijing ) is a Chinese female pair skater . With current partner Zhang Hao , she is the 2016-17 Grand Prix Final silver medalist , 2017 Asian Winter Games champion and 2018 Chinese national champion . With former partner Jin Yang , she is a two-time ( 2014 , 2015 ) World Junior champion , the 2012 World Junior silver medalist , the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics champion , the 2013-2014 JGP Final champion , and the 2016 Four Continents bronze medalist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Web_Therapy_episodes", "text": "The following is an episode list for the television series Web Therapy . The series stars Lisa Kudrow as Fiona Wallice , a therapist who has conceived of a new form of therapy : the titular web therapy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cicely_Tyson", "text": "Cicely L. Tyson ( born December 19 , 1923 ) is an American actress and former fashion model . In a career spanning more than seven decades , she became known for her portrayal of strong African-American women . Tyson is the recipient of three Primetime Emmy Awards , four Black Reel Awards , one Screen Actor Guild Award , one Tony Award and an honorary Academy Award . Having appeared in minor film and television roles early in her career , Tyson garnered widespread attention and critical acclaim for her performance as Rebecca Morgan in Sounder ( 1972 ) ; she was nominated for both the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her work in the film . Tyson 's portrayal of the title role in the 1974 television film The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman won her further praise ; among other accolades , the role won her two Emmy Awards and a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role . Tyson has continued to act in film and on television in the 21st century . In 2011 , she played the role of Constantine Jefferson in the award-winning film The Help . She has also played the role of Ophelia Harkness in American Broadcasting Company 's legal drama How to Get Away With Murder since the show 's inception in 2014 , for which she was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series four times . In addition to her screen career , Tyson has appeared in various theater productions . She received a Drama Desk Award in 1962 for her Off-Broadway performance in Moon on a Rainbow Shawl . Tyson also starred as Carrie Watts in the Broadway play The Trip to Bountiful , winning the Tony Award , the Outer Critics Award , and the Drama Desk Award for Best Actress in a Play in 2013 . Tyson was named a Kennedy Center honoree in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sabrina_Ionescu", "text": "Sabrina Ionescu ( born December 6 , 1997 ) is an American college basketball player for the Oregon Ducks of the Pac-12 Conference . She is the NCAA all-time leader in career triple-doubles and the Pac-12 Conference all-time leader in assists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Middletown_Historic_District", "text": "West Middletown Historic District is a historic district in West Middletown , Pennsylvania . It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FK_Haugesund", "text": "Fotballklubben Haugesund is a Norwegian football club from the city of Haugesund . The club currently plays in Eliteserien , the first tier in the Norwegian football league system . It was founded on October 28 , 1993 , after a merger between the football clubs Djerv 1919 and SK Haugar . The club 's home matches are played at the 8,754-capacity Haugesund Stadion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harlingen,_Texas", "text": "Harlingen ( /ˈhɑːrlɪndʒɪn/ HAR-lin-jin ) is a city in Cameron County in the central region of the Rio Grande Valley of the southern part of the U.S. state of Texas , about 30 miles ( 48 km ) from the coast of the Gulf of Mexico . The city covers more than 40 square miles ( 104 km2 ) and is the second-largest city in Cameron County , as well as the fourth-largest in the Rio Grande Valley . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 64,849 , for a growth rate of 12.5% since the 2000 census . Harlingen is a principal city of the Brownsville-Harlingen metropolitan area , which is part of the larger Brownsville-Harlingen-Raymondville combined statistical area , included in the Matamoros-Brownsville metropolitan area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gahanna,_Ohio", "text": "Gahanna ( /ɡəˈhænə/ gə-HAN-ə ) is a city situated in northeast Franklin County , Ohio , United States . It is a suburb of Columbus . The population was 33,248 at the 2010 census . It was founded in 1849 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cultural_Center_Historic_District_(Detroit,_Michigan)", "text": "The Cultural Center Historic District is a historic district located in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , which includes the Art Center ( or Cultural Center ) : the Detroit Public Library , the Detroit Institute of Arts , and the Horace H. Rackham Education Memorial Building were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . The district contains several cultural attractions . The Detroit Public Library and the Detroit Institute of Arts were built in the 1920s , heralding a City Beautiful movement in Detroit that aimed to establish the area along Woodward as the cultural center of the city . Wayne State University , then housed in the former Central High School , began offering four-year degrees . These institutions formed a core area that attracted other public-oriented institutions to the area , including several music schools , the Merrill-Palmer Institute , the Detroit Historical Museum , and College for Creative Studies . The Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History , the Michigan Science Center , and the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit are also located in the Art Center area . Substantial residential areas , including the East Ferry Avenue Historic District and late-19th century homes to the east of the Detroit Institute of Art . These neighborhoods have been infilled with townhomes and other residential developments and revitalizations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classical_Recordings_Quarterly", "text": "Classical Recordings Quarterly ( formerly Classic Record Collector ) was a quarterly British magazine devoted to vintage recordings of classical music , across the range of instrumental recordings , chamber music , orchestral , vocal and opera ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lara_Gut", "text": "Lara Gut-Behrami , née Gut ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈlaːra ˈɡuːt ] , ( born 27 April 1991 ) is a Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer who competes in all disciplines and specializes in the speed events of downhill and super-G ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buffalo_Sabres", "text": "The Buffalo Sabres are a professional ice hockey team based in Buffalo , New York . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team was established in 1970 , along with the Vancouver Canucks , when the league expanded to 14 teams . They have played at KeyBank Center since 1996 . Prior to that , the Buffalo Sabres played at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium from the start of the franchise in 1970 . The Sabres are owned by Terry Pegula , who purchased the club in 2011 from Tom Golisano . The Sabres have the longest active playoff drought in the NHL , at 8 seasons . The team has twice advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals , losing to the Philadelphia Flyers in 1975 and to the Dallas Stars in 1999 . The best known line in team history is The French Connection , which consisted of Gilbert Perreault , Rick Martin and Rene Robert . All three players have had their sweater numbers ( 11 , 7 and 14 , respectively ) retired and a statue erected in their honor at KeyBank Center in 2012 . The Sabres , along with the Canucks , share the record for being the longest continuously running active NHL franchise to have never won the Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1969–70_Chicago_Black_Hawks_season", "text": "The 1969-70 Chicago Black Hawks season was the Hawks ' 44th season in the NHL , and the club was coming off a sixth-place finish in the East Division in 1968-69 , failing to qualify for the playoffs for the first time since the 1957-58 season . Despite missing the playoffs , the Black Hawks had a record of 34-33-9 , earning 77 points , as they had their ninth consecutive season of playing over .500 hockey . During the off-season , Chicago claimed goaltender Tony Esposito from the Montreal Canadiens in the intra-league draft on June 11 , 1969 . The Hawks also named Pat Stapleton as their new team captain . The Black Hawks did not have a captain for the 1968-69 season , as the spot was not filled after former captain Pierre Pilote was traded during the 1968 off-season . The Black Hawks would begin the season very slow , as they lost their opening five games to quickly fall into the East Division cellar . Chicago would then rebound , and after 35 games , the Hawks had a 15-15-5 record . The Black Hawks would then get hot , as they went on a seven-game winning streak , and continued to play great hockey for the rest of the season , as Chicago won a franchise record 45 games , earning a club record 99 points , and finished in first place for the second time in franchise history . The Hawks and Boston Bruins both finished the year with 99 points , however , since Chicago won five more games , they were awarded the Prince of Wales Trophy . Offensively , the Hawks were led by Stan Mikita , who scored a team high 39 goals , 47 assists and 86 points , as he finished third in the NHL scoring race . Bobby Hull had another solid season , scoring 38 goals and 67 points , while Pit Martin had 30 goals and 63 points . Team captain Pat Stapleton led the defense with 42 points , while Keith Magnuson had a club record 213 penalty minutes , along with a club high +38 rating ."}
{"title": "/wiki/French_Renaissance_architecture", "text": "French Renaissance architecture is a style which was prominent between the 15th and early 17th centuries in the Kingdom of France . It succeeded French Gothic architecture . The style was originally imported from Italy next after the Hundred Years ' War by the French kings Charles VII , Louis XI , Charles VIII , Louis XII , and François I . Several notable royal châteaux in this style were built in the Loire Valley , notably the Chateau de Montsoreau , the Chateau de Langeais , the Chateau d'Amboise , the Chateau of Blois , the Chateau of Gaillon , and the Chateau of Chambord , and , closer to Paris , the Château de Fontainebleau . This style of French architecture had two distinct periods . During the first period , between about 1450 and 1590 , the Italian style was copied directly , often by Italian architects and craftsmen . In the second period , between 1540 and the end of the Valois dynasty in 1589 , French architects and craftsmen gave the style a more distinctive and original French character . The major architects of the style included the royal architects Philibert Delorme , Pierre Lescot and Jean Bullant , and the Italian architect and architectural theorist Sebastiano Serlio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elmer_White", "text": "Willard Elmer White ( December 7 , 1849 - March 17 , 1872 ) was a Major League Baseball player in 1871 with the Cleveland Forest Citys . He was Forest City 's regular right fielder and back-up catcher until he broke his arm running into a fence on June 22 . White was the cousin of Deacon White and Will White . He batted .257 in 1871 and finished 5th in the National Association with 6 strikeouts , a high number for that era . White had the misfortune of becoming the first recorded professional league baseball player to die , succumbing to tuberculosis in Scio , New York at the age of 22 , shortly before the beginning of the 1872 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dumfries_and_Galloway", "text": "Dumfries and Galloway ( Scots : Dumfries an Gallowa ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Phrìs is Gall-Ghaidhealaibh ) is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands . It comprises the historic counties of Dumfriesshire , Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and Wigtownshire , the latter two of which are collectively known as Galloway . The administrative centre is the town of Dumfries . Following the 1975 reorganisation of local government in Scotland , the three counties were joined to form a single region of Dumfries and Galloway , with four districts within it . Since the Local Government etc . ( Scotland ) Act 1994 , however , it has become a unitary local authority . For lieutenancy purposes , the historic counties are largely maintained with its three lieutenancy areas being Dumfries , Wigtown and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright . To the north , Dumfries and Galloway borders East Ayrshire , South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire ; in the east the Borders ; and to the south the county of Cumbria in England and the Solway Firth . To the west lies the Irish Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franjo_Arapović", "text": "Franjo Arapović ( born June 2 , 1965 ) is a former Croatian basketball center - 7 ft 0.5 in ( 2.15 m ) tall - who won the silver medal with the Croatia national basketball team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain . Four years earlier he was a member of the Yugoslavia national basketball team , that won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics . Arapović was born in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia . In his professional career , he played for KK Lokomotiva Mostar , after which he moved to Croatian clubs KK Cibona , KK Croatia osiguranje Split , KK Zrinjevac . He then moved to Pallacanestro Trapani in Italy , BC Žalgiris in Lithuania , KK Krka Telekom in Slovenia , Fenerbahçe S.K . in Turkey , Hapoel Migdal Jerusalem in Israel , again Žalgiris , and again Zrinjevac , Croatia osiguranje , Cibona . One of Arapović 's most well-known moments was during the first half of the gold medal game between Croatia and the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics , when Arapović caught a pass from Toni Kukoč while driving toward the basket and made a running two-handed slam dunk to give Croatia a 25-23 lead over the Dream Team . David Robinson was whistled for a foul on the play , and Arapović demonstratively hung on the rim for several moments before giving the cheering crowd several fist-pumps . Member of Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) , Arapović was their MP in the Croatia parliament from December 2003 until January 2008 . His son Marko is also a professional basketball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingsburg,_California", "text": "Kingsburg ( formerly , Kings River Switch , Wheatville , Kingsbury , Drapersville , Farleyville , and Kingsburgh ) is a city in Fresno County , California . Kingsburg is located 5 miles ( 8 km ) southeast of Selma at an elevation of 302 feet ( 92 m ) , on the banks of the Kings River . The city is half an hour away from Fresno , and two hours away from the California Central Coast and Sierra Nevada Mountain Range . The population was 11,382 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manitoba_Liberal_Party", "text": "The Manitoba Liberal Party ( French : Parti libéral du Manitoba ) is a political party in Manitoba , Canada . Its roots can be traced to the late nineteenth-century , following the province 's creation in 1870 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melbourne_Rectangular_Stadium", "text": "The Melbourne Rectangular Stadium , known as AAMI Park for sponsorship reasons , is an outdoor sports stadium on the site of Edwin Flack Field in the Sports and Entertainment Precinct in the Melbourne City Centre . The stadium 's major tenants are NRL team Melbourne Storm , the Super Rugby team Melbourne Rebels , and the A-League teams Melbourne Victory FC and Melbourne City FC . AAMI Park became Melbourne 's first large purpose-built rectangular stadium when completed in 2010 . Referred to as Melbourne Rectangular Stadium during its construction , the ground was officially named AAMI Park on 16 March 2010 , in an eight-year sponsorship deal with insurance firm AAMI . When the project to build the new stadium was approved , the largest stadiums in use were the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) and Docklands Stadium . These were venues of oval configuration and best suited to Australian rules football or cricket . The previous largest rectangular stadium in the city , Olympic Park , was a repurposed track and field venue . The stadium was one of five venues for the 2015 AFC Asian Cup , hosting the opening match and six other matches including one Quarter-final game . AAMI Park hosted rugby league Four Nations matches in 2010 and 2014 , and was used for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Transit_Authority", "text": "The Chicago Transit Authority ( CTA ) is the operator of mass transit in Chicago , Illinois and some of its surrounding suburbs , including the trains of the Chicago L and CTA bus service . The CTA is an Illinois independent governmental agency that started operations on October 1 , 1947 upon the purchase and combination of the transportation assets of the Chicago Rapid Transit Company and the Chicago Surface Lines streetcar system . In 1952 , CTA purchased the assets of the Chicago Motor Coach Company , which was under the control of Yellow Cab Company founder John D. Hertz , resulting in a fully unified system . Today , the CTA is one of the three service boards financially supported by the Regional Transportation Authority and CTA service connects with the commuter rail Metra , and suburban bus and paratransit service , Pace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Spezia", "text": "La Spezia ( UK : /læ ˈspɛtsiə/ , US : /lɑː -/ or /lɑː ˈspɛtsiɑː , - ˈspeɪt-/ , Italian : [ la ˈspɛttsja ] ( listen ) ; A Spèza in the local Spezzino dialect ) is the capital city of the province of La Spezia and is located at the head of the Gulf of La Spezia in the southern part of the Liguria region of Italy . La Spezia is the second largest city in the Liguria region , just after Genoa . Located roughly midway between Genoa and Pisa , on the Ligurian Sea , it is one of the main Italian military and commercial harbours and a major Italian Navy base . A significant railway junction , it is notable for its museums , for the Palio del Golfo rowing race , and for railway and boat links with the Cinque Terre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_metropolitan_area", "text": "The Miami metropolitan area , also known as the Greater Miami Area or South Florida , is the 72nd largest metropolitan area in the world and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in the United States . Located in southern Florida with 6,198,782 inhabitants as of 2018 , the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and second largest in the southeastern United States . It extends about 120 miles ( 190 km ) from north to south . The metropolitan area is defined by the Office of Management and Budget as the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach , FL ( MSA ) , consisting of Miami-Dade , Broward , and Palm Beach counties , a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies . Its land area is 6,137 sq . mi ( 15,890 km2 ) . Miami-Dade , Broward , and Palm Beach counties are the first , second , and third most populous counties in Florida , and Miami-Dade , with 2,761,581 people in 2018 , is the seventh most populous county in the United States . The three counties together are known as the Greater Miami Area and have principal cities including Miami , Fort Lauderdale , West Palm Beach , Hialeah , Pembroke Pines and Boca Raton . Besides its association with the South Florida region , which includes the Everglades and the Florida Keys , it is also synonymous with an area known collectively as the Gold Coast . The Census Bureau also defines a wider region based on commuting patterns , the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Port St. Lucie , FL Combined Statistical Area ( CSA ) , with an estimated population of 6,723,472 in 2016 . This includes the four additional counties of Martin , St. Lucie , Indian River , and Okeechobee . Because the population of South Florida is largely confined to a strip of land between the Atlantic Ocean and the Everglades , the Miami urbanized area ( that is , the area of contiguous urban development ) is about 100 miles ( 160 km ) long ( north to south ) , but never more than 20 miles ( 32 km ) wide , and in some areas only 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) wide ( east to west ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Noroeste", "text": "Esporte Clube Noroeste , usually known simply as Noroeste , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) club based in Bauru , as of 2012 competing in the São Paulo State second division ( Campeonato Paulista Série A2 ) . Named after a now-defunct railway , Noroeste is a very traditional team within São Paulo state . Their home ground is Alfredo de Castilho stadium ( supports approximately 18,840 people ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979–80_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1979-80 Iraqi National League was the 6th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Al-Shorta won their first Premier League title ; this qualified them for the inaugural edition of the Arab Club Champions Cup which they went on to win . The race for the title went to the very last matchday ; Al-Shorta beat Al-Minaa 3-1 in their last game on 2 May to go top of the league but Al-Zawraa would win the league if they managed to beat Al-Shabab two days later . Al-Zawraa could only muster a 1-1 draw though , therefore failing to overtake Al-Shorta and handing them the title on goal difference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-40", "text": "STS-40 , the eleventh launch of Space Shuttle Columbia , was a nine-day mission in June , 1991 . It carried the Spacelab module for Spacelab Life Sciences 1 ( SLS-1 ) , the fifth Spacelab mission and the first dedicated solely to biology . STS-40 was the first spaceflight that included three women crew members ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penang_FA", "text": "Football Association of Penang ( or simply known as FA Penang ) is a Malaysian association football club based in George Town , Penang that currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League . Unofficially founded in 1920 , officially as Football Association of Penang on 21 October 1921 , the club represents the state of Penang in football tournaments . The team has traditionally worn a blue home kit . They have a long-standing rivalry with Kedah ; the two teams from the northern region of Malaysia being engaged in what has been collectively known as the Northern Region Derby . The state football team play their home matches at the 20,000 capacity City Stadium in George Town . Penang had established itself as a major force in Malaysian football between the 1950s to the 1970s . Domestically , Penang has won a record of 3 Division 1 titles , 4 Malaysia Cup titles , 5 Malaysia FAM League titles , 1 Malaysia FA Cup title and 1 Malaysia Charity Shield . At present , it is one of the 12 teams competing in the Malaysian Premier League and the first club from Malaysia won Asian title Aga Khan Gold Cup unofficial Asian Champions ' Cup 1976"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bitter_melon", "text": "Momordica charantia ( colloquially : bitter melon ; bitter apple ; bitter gourd ; karela ; bitter squash ; balsam-pear ; with many more names listed below ) is a tropical and subtropical vine of the family Cucurbitaceae , widely grown in Asia , Africa , and the Caribbean for its edible fruit . Its many varieties differ substantially in the shape and bitterness of the fruit . Bitter melon originated in India and was introduced into China in the 14th century . It is widely used in the cuisines of East Asia , South Asia , and Southeast Asia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddington,_Berkshire", "text": "Eddington is a village in the civil parish of Hungerford in the West Berkshire district of Berkshire , England . It lies approximately 0.7 miles ( 1.1 km ) north-east from Hungerford , its nearest town and is divided from it by the river Kennet . The Eddington estate is owned by businessman Sir Peter Michael and is located north of Eddington village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robinson_Plantation_House", "text": "The Robinson Plantation House is a historic house in Clark , New Jersey built around 1690 on territory that was part of the Elizabethtown Tract , and was once part of Rahway . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as Seventeenth Century Clark House . The 17th century frame house is characterized by its rubble stone foundation and massive fireplace foundation in the cellar , chamfered and carved summer beam , steeply pitched roof , crenellated chimney , diamond-paneled casement windows and broad overhanging corner pendants . A circa 1957 addition on the back contains modern utilities and the house was occupied as a residence until 1973 , after which it became the Dr. Wm . Robinson Plantation & Museum . The Squire Hartshorne House is another home from the 17th century located in Clark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kings_Island", "text": "Kings Island is a 364-acre ( 147 ha ) amusement park located 24 miles ( 39 km ) northeast of Cincinnati in Mason , Ohio . Owned and operated by Cedar Fair , the park first opened in 1972 by the Taft Broadcasting Company . It was part of a larger effort to move and expand Coney Island , a popular resort destination along the banks of the Ohio River that was prone to frequent flooding . After more than $ 300 million in capital investments , the park features over 100 attractions including fourteen roller coasters and a 33-acre ( 13 ha ) water park . Early in its history , Kings Island has appeared in popular sitcoms and received widespread recognition for its record-breaking attractions and events . One of the park 's most well-known attractions , The Racer , is often credited with reviving worldwide interest in roller coasters during the 1970s . Others , such as The Beast and Banshee , have set several world records , some of which remain standing . The largest investment in park history is Orion , a giga coaster scheduled to open in 2020 . The park has also suffered through times of negative publicity , particularly surrounding the early demise of roller coasters The Bat and Son of Beast . Kings Island is divided into several themed sections and operates seasonally from early spring through the fall , partially reopening for Winterfest during the holiday season . In 2017 , Kings Island was the second-most visited seasonal amusement park in the United States behind Cedar Point , with an estimated 3.47 million visitors . It was third overall for seasonal attendance in North America , which was led by Canada 's Wonderland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Lovelock", "text": "John Edward Lovelock ( 5 January 1910 - 28 December 1949 ) was a New Zealand athlete who became the world 1500m and mile record holder and 1936 Olympic champion in the 1500 metres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Snowden", "text": "Edward Joseph Snowden ( born June 21 , 1983 ) is an American whistleblower who copied and leaked highly classified information from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) in 2013 when he was a Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) employee and subcontractor . His disclosures revealed numerous global surveillance programs , many run by the NSA and the Five Eyes Intelligence Alliance with the cooperation of telecommunication companies and European governments , and prompted a cultural discussion about national security and individual privacy . In 2013 , Snowden was hired by an NSA contractor , Booz Allen Hamilton , after previous employment with Dell and the CIA . Snowden says he gradually became disillusioned with the programs with which he was involved and that he tried to raise his ethical concerns through internal channels but was ignored . On May 20 , 2013 , Snowden flew to Hong Kong after leaving his job at an NSA facility in Hawaii , and in early June he revealed thousands of classified NSA documents to journalists Glenn Greenwald , Laura Poitras , and Ewen MacAskill . Snowden came to international attention after stories based on the material appeared in The Guardian and The Washington Post . Further disclosures were made by other publications including Der Spiegel and The New York Times . On June 21 , 2013 , the United States Department of Justice unsealed charges against Snowden of two counts of violating the Espionage Act of 1917 and theft of government property , following which the Department of State revoked his passport . Two days later , he flew into Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport , where Russian authorities noted that his U.S. passport had been cancelled , and he was restricted to the airport terminal for over one month . Russia later granted Snowden the right of asylum with an initial visa for residence for one year , and repeated extensions have permitted him to stay at least until 2020 . In early 2016 , he became the president of the Freedom of the Press Foundation , a San Francisco-based organization that states its purpose is to protect journalists from hacking and government surveillance . As of 2017 he is married and living in Moscow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honolulu", "text": "Honolulu ( /ˌhɒnəˈluːluː/ ; Hawaiian : [ honoˈlulu ] ) is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Hawaii . It is an unincorporated part of and the county seat of the City and County of Honolulu along the southeast coast of the island of Oʻahu . [ a ] The city is the main gateway to Hawaiʻi and a major portal into the United States . The city is also a major hub for international business and military defense , as well as being host to a diverse variety of east-west and Pacific cultures , cuisine , and traditions . Honolulu is the remotest city of its size in the world , and is the westernmost and southernmost major U.S. city . For statistical purposes , the United States Census Bureau recognizes the approximate area commonly referred to as City of Honolulu ( not to be confused with the City and County ) as a census county division ( CCD ) . Honolulu is a major financial center of the islands and of the Pacific Ocean . The population of the Honolulu census designated place ( CDP ) was 359,870 as of the 2017 population estimate , while the Honolulu CCD was 390,738 and the population of the consolidated city and county was 953,207 . Honolulu means sheltered harbor or calm port in Hawaiian . The old name is Kou , a district roughly encompassing the area from Nuʻuanu Avenue to Alakea Street and from Hotel Street to Queen Street which is the heart of the present downtown district . The city has been the capital of the Hawaiian Islands since 1845 and gained historical recognition following the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan near the city on December 7 , 1941 . As of 2015 [ update ] , Honolulu was ranked high on world livability rankings , and was also ranked as the 2nd safest city in the U.S ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil", "text": "Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_in_film", "text": "This is a list of films released in 1995 . The highly anticipated sequel Die Hard with a Vengeance was the year 's biggest box-office hit , and Braveheart won the Academy Award for Best Picture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2010", "text": "The 11th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held on Thursday , November 11 , 2010 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . It was the third time the annual event had taken place at this location . The eligibility period for recordings to be nominated was July 1 , 2009 to June 30 , 2010 . Nominations were announced on September 8 , 2010 . On September 14 , 2010 it was announced that the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year honoree would be Plácido Domingo . The big winners of the night were Camila , Juan Luis Guerra and Gustavo Cerati with three awards . Juan Luis Guerra 's A Son de Guerra was awarded the Album of the Year , the second time he has received this award . Mientes by pop band Camila won the Record of the Year and Song of the Year . Alex Cuba and Nelly Furtado became the first Canadian musicians to receive a Latin Grammy Award . Cuba received a Latin Grammy Award for Best New Artist and Furtado the Best Female Pop Vocal Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1917_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1917 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LifeStyle_You", "text": "Lifestyle You ( stylised as Lifestyle YOU ) was an Australian subscription TV channel . It was a sister channel to Lifestyle , Lifestyle Home and Lifestyle Food . Lifestyle You was home to personal makeovers , hilarious and honest reality , health , wellness , family and relationship programming . In August 2017 , Foxtel announced that Lifestyle You would end in October and that its content would move to Lifestyle and Arena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anne_V._Coates", "text": "Anne Voase CoatesOBE ( 12 December 1925 - 8 May 2018 ) was a British film editor with a more than 60-year-long career . She was perhaps best known as the editor of David Lean 's epic film Lawrence of Arabia in 1962 , for which she won an Oscar . Coates was nominated five times for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing for the films Lawrence of Arabia , Becket ( 1963 ) , The Elephant Man ( 1980 ) , In the Line of Fire ( 1993 ) and Out of Sight ( 1998 ) . In an industry where women accounted for only 16 percent of all editors working on the top 250 films of 2004 , and 80 percent of the films had absolutely no women on their editing teams at all , Coates thrived as a top film editor . She was awarded BAFTA 's highest honour , a BAFTA Fellowship , in February 2007 and was given an Academy Honorary Award , which are popularly known as a Lifetime Achievement Oscar , in November 2016 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2000", "text": "The 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Staples Center on Wednesday , September 13 , 2000 . The big winners were Luis Miguel , Santana and Maná with 3 awards ; Juan Luis Guerra , Shakira , Fito Páez and Emilio Estefan Jr. received 2 awards each . Winners were chosen by voting members of the Latin Academy from a list of finalists . The inaugural ceremony was broadcast live on CBS that year and was seen in more than 100 countries across the world . The two-hour show was the first bilingual broadcast ever to air on network television during prime time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwynedd", "text": "Gwynedd ( English : /ˈɡwɪnɪð/ ; Welsh : [ ˈɡʊɨnɛð ] ) is a county in Wales , sharing borders with Powys , Conwy , Denbighshire , Anglesey over the Menai Strait , and Ceredigion over the River Dyfi . The scenic Llŷn Peninsula and most of Snowdonia National Park are in Gwynedd . Bangor is the home of Bangor University . In the northern part of the county , the other main settlements are Caernarfon , Bethesda , Ffestiniog , Porthmadog and Pwllheli . The largest settlement in the south is Tywyn . As a local government area , it is the second largest in Wales in terms of land area and also one of the most sparsely populated . A majority of the population is Welsh-speaking . Gwynedd also refers to being one of the preserved counties of Wales , covering the two local government areas of Gwynedd and Anglesey . Named after the old Kingdom of Gwynedd , both culturally and historically , Gwynedd can also be used for most of North Wales , such as the area that was policed by the Gwynedd Constabulary . The current area is 2,548 square kilometres ( 984 square miles ) , slightly smaller than Luxembourg , with a population of 121,874 as measured in the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Last_Lovecraft:_Relic_of_Cthulhu", "text": "The Last Lovecraft : Relic of Cthulhu is a 2009 horror comedy film directed by Henry Saine about the last living relative of noted short-story writer H. P. Lovecraft . The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival and was acquired by MPI Media . It had its international theatrical release in August 2010 at Toronto 's fifth annual After Dark Film Festival through MPI 's Dark Sky Films label . It was later released on DVD and VOD in October 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenny_Okoro", "text": "Chibuikem Kenneth Okoro ( born October 18 , 1989 ) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent . He played college football at Wake Forest University and attended James B. Dudley High School in Greensboro , North Carolina . He has been a member of the San Diego Chargers , San Jose SaberCats and Washington Redskins . His name Chibuikem means God is my power in Igbo"}
{"title": "/wiki/Réunion", "text": "Réunion ( French : La Réunion [ la ʁe.y.njɔ̃ ] ( listen ) ; previously Île Bourbon ) is an overseas department and region of the French Republic and an island in the Indian Ocean , east of Madagascar and 175 km ( 109 mi ) southwest of Mauritius . As of January 2019 [ update ] , it had a population of 866,506 . The island has been inhabited since the 16th century , when people from France and Madagascar settled there . Slavery was abolished on 20 December 1848 ( a date celebrated yearly on the island ) , when the French Second Republic abolished slavery in the French colonies . However , later on indentured workers were brought to Réunion from South India , among other places . The island became an overseas department of France in 1946 . As in France , the official language is French . In addition , the majority of the region 's population speaks Réunion Creole . Administratively , Réunion is one of the overseas departments of France . Like the other four overseas departments , it is also one of the 18 regions of France , with the modified status of overseas region , and an integral part of the republic with the same status as Metropolitan France . Réunion is an outermost region of the European Union and , as an overseas department of France , part of the eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gunsmoke", "text": "Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston . The stories take place in and around Dodge City , Kansas , during the settlement of the American West . The central character is lawman Marshal Matt Dillon , played by William Conrad on radio and James Arness on television . When aired in the United Kingdom , the television series was initially titled Gun Law , later reverting to Gunsmoke . The radio series ran from 1952 to 1961 . John Dunning wrote that among radio drama enthusiasts , Gunsmoke is routinely placed among the best shows of any kind and any time . The television series ran for 20 seasons from 1955 to 1975 , and lasted for 635 episodes . At the end of its run in 1975 , Los Angeles Times columnist Cecil Smith wrote : Gunsmoke was the dramatization of the American epic legend of the west . Our own Iliad and Odyssey , created from standard elements of the dime novel and the pulp Western as romanticized by [ Ned ] Buntline , [ Bret ] Harte , and [ Mark ] Twain . It was ever the stuff of legend ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermod_(ship)", "text": "SSCV Hermod was a semi-submersible crane vessel operated by Heerema Marine Contractors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tombense_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Tombense Futebol Clube , commonly known as Tombense is a Brazilian football club based in Tombos , Minas Gerais state . They are currently playing in the Campeonato Mineiro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1999_European_Athletics_U23_Championships", "text": "The 2nd European Athletics U23 Championships were held in Gothenburg , Sweden , at Ullevi from 29 July to 1 August 1999 . Complete results and medal winners were published ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiago_Luís_Martins", "text": "Tiago Luís Martins ( born 13 March 1989 ) , known as Tiago Luís , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Thai club Rayong as a forward ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WWTI-DT2", "text": "WWTI , virtual channel 50 ( UHF digital channel 31 ) , is a dual ABC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Watertown , New York , United States and serving Upstate New York 's North Country . The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group . WWTI 's studios are located at Stateway Plaza ( with an Arsenal Street/NY 3 postal address ) in the town of Watertown , and its transmitter is located on Hayes Road in Copenhagen ( a village of Denmark ) . On cable , the station is available on Charter Spectrum channel 5 and in high definition on digital channel 889 . Although identifying as a separate station in its own right , WWTI is considered a semi-satellite of WSYR-TV ( channel 9 ) in Syracuse . WWTI 's master control , as well as some internal operations , are based at WSYR 's studios on Bridge Street in East Syracuse ( a village of DeWitt ) . WWTI clears all network programming as provided by its parent , simulcasts most of WSYR 's newscasts and airs some of its syndicated programming ( albeit at different times ) . There are some programs that only air on WWTI while some are only seen on WSYR . WWTI also airs separate station identifications and commercial inserts , and has its own website ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Charles,_Louisiana", "text": "Lake Charles ( French : Lac Charles ) is the fifth-largest incorporated city in the U.S. state of Louisiana , located on Lake Charles , Prien Lake , and the Calcasieu River . Founded in 1861 in Calcasieu Parish , it is a major industrial , cultural , and educational center in the southwest region of the state . As of the 2010 census , the population was 71,993 . Lake Charles is the principal city of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area , having a population of 202,040 . It is the larger principal city of the Lake Charles-Jennings Combined Statistical Area , with a population of 225,235 . The 2010 population of the five-parish area of Southwest Louisiana was 292,619 . It is considered a regionally significant center of petrochemical refining , gaming , tourism , and education , being home to McNeese State University and Sowela Technical Community College . Because of the lakes and waterways throughout the city , metropolitan Lake Charles is often referred to as the Lake Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coopers_Town", "text": "Coopers Town is a village in Abaco , the second largest island of the Bahamas . It has a population of 676 . ( 2010 census ) The town is the northernmost of the island 's main centres of population . It was settled in the 1870s by the Albert Bootle family from Grand Bahama . Early industry included pineapple and sea-sponge harvesting , but both industries have dwindled over the last century . A major impediment to the success of these industries was the lack of a natural harbour at Coopers Town . Prominent residents of Coopers Town have included the previous Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997_European_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The 1997 European Open was the 1997 edition of the European Open snooker tournament , held from 23 February to 2 March 1997 at the Mediterranean Conference Centre , Valletta , Malta . John Higgins defeated John Parrott by nine frames to five ( 9−5 ) in the final to claim his sixth ranking-event title . In the semi-finals Higgins defeated James Wattana and Parrott beat Ken Doherty . The tournament was the seventh of ten WPBSA ranking events in the 1996/1997 season , following the International Open and preceding the Thailand Open ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Residente", "text": "René Juan Pérez Joglar ( born February 23 , 1978 ) , known professionally as Residente ( often stylized as Resīdεntә ) , is a Puerto Rican rapper , writer , filmmaker , and also one of the founders of the Puerto Rican alternative rap group Calle 13 . He has won four Grammy Awards and 25 Latin Grammy Awards -- more than any other Latin artist . He studied art for 8 years and has directed some of his own music videos . His lyrics have earned him the respect of many music colleagues and critics and have even been studied as part of school and university courses . He has been recognized for his social contributions and serves as the face of campaigns for UNICEF and Amnesty International . He has consistently defended education in Latin America and the rights of indigenous peoples . In 2009 he referred to the governor of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño as an SOB for laying off more than 30,000 public employees . In November 2015 , Residente received a recognition award in Barcelona at the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates forum due to his commitment to social awareness and for promoting peace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WTVS", "text": "WTVS , virtual channel 56 ( UHF digital channel 43 ) , is a Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station licensed to Detroit , Michigan , United States . The station is owned by the Detroit Educational Television Foundation . WTVS ' main studios are located at the Riley Broadcast Center and HD Studios in Wixom , with an additional studio at the Maccabees Building in Midtown Detroit . The station 's transmitter is located at 8 Mile and Meyers Road in Oak Park ( on a tower shared with MyNetworkTV affiliate WMYD , channel 20 , and CBS owned-and-operated station WWJ-TV , channel 62 ) . WTVS partners with Detroit Public Schools in the management of classical and jazz music station WRCJ-FM ( 90.9 ) . On cable , the station is available in standard definition on channel 6 on most systems ( except on WOW ! , where it is carried on channel 3 , and Charter Spectrum , where it is carried on either channel 10 or channel 11 ) , channel 56 on AT & T U-verse , and channel 67 on Cogeco 's Windsor , Ontario system , and in high definition on Comcast Xfinity channel 240 , Cogeco channel 715 , and U-verse channel 1056 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramon_Magsaysay_Award", "text": "The Ramon Magsaysay Award is an annual award established to perpetuate former Philippine President Ramon Magsaysay 's example of integrity in governance , courageous service to the people , and pragmatic idealism within a democratic society . The prize was established in April 1957 by the trustees of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund based in New York City with the concurrence of the Philippine government . The award is internationally-recognized as the Nobel Prize counterpart of Asia and is the highest award given to Asian individuals and organizations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gunnar_Nielsen_(athlete)", "text": "Niels Gunnar Nielsen ( 25 March 1928 - 29 May 1985 ) was a Danish middle distance runner who equalled the world record over both 880 yards and 1500 metres . He represented the Østerbro-based club Københavns Idræts Forening throughout his career . Nielsen participated in three major championships - two Olympic Games and one European Championships . He made his international breakthrough at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , where he finished fourth in the 800 metres - finishing with exactly the same time , 1:49.7 , as the bronze medal winner , Heinz Ulzheimer . At the 1954 European Championships in Bern , Nielsen set a new Danish record of 3:44.4 in the final of the 1500 metres , in which he finished second behind Roger Bannister . Nielsen was Denmark 's greatest male athlete during the 1950s and his ability to draw large crowds meant that he was much in demand by his country 's promoters . His hectic schedule eventually took its toll on his health , and , with his times strongly affected by illness and exhaustion , Nielsen announced in September 1956 that he would retire after the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne . Though he won his 800 metres heat in a time of 1:51.2 , Nielsen chose not to run the semi-final and instead chose to focus on the 1500 metres . In what proved to be the final race of his career , Nielsen finished the 1500 metres final in tenth place , over four seconds behind the winner , Ronnie Delany . Following his athletic career Nielsen worked as a typographer for Det Berlingske Officin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_State_University", "text": "Delaware State University ( DSU or Del State ) , is a public historically black university in Dover , Delaware . DSU also has two satellite campuses , one in Wilmington and one in Georgetown . The university encompasses four colleges and a diverse population of undergraduate and advanced-degree students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikolay_Todorov_(footballer,_born_1996)", "text": "Nikolay Todorov ( ; born 24 August 1996 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a centre forward in Scotland for Inverness Caledonian Thistle . Todorov is a Bulgaria U21 international . Known for his physical presence , good in either box in defence or attack ; a powerful player and very good in the air ; good with both feet . At the age of 7 , Todorov started his career with Spartak Pleven 's youth system before winning a scholarship in England . In 2014 , he joined Nottingham Forest in their Under-21s academy , loan spells followed at Hemel Hempstead and Worcester City in England . Todorov joined Heart of Midlothian in 2016 , loan spells followed at Cowdenbeath and Livingston where he was part of the 2017-18 promotion winning team finishing as Champions . He spent the first half of the 2017-18 season back on loan at Livingston , before spending the second half of the season at Queen of the South also in Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_African_U-20_Championship", "text": "The 2015 African U-20 Championship was the 20th edition of the biennial international youth football tournament organized by the Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) for players aged 20 and below . The tournament took place in Senegal between 8-22 March 2015 . The semi-finalists of the tournament qualified for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup in New Zealand . Nigeria won the tournament , and were joined by hosts Senegal , Ghana , and Mali as CAF qualifiers for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Yorkshire", "text": "South Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in England . It is the southernmost county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region and had a population of 1.34 million in 2011 . It has an area of 1,552 square kilometres ( 599 sq mi ) and consists of four metropolitan boroughs , Barnsley , Doncaster , Rotherham and Sheffield . South Yorkshire was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 . Its largest settlement is Sheffield . Lying on the east side of the Pennines , South Yorkshire is landlocked , and borders Derbyshire to the west and south-west , West Yorkshire to the north-west , North Yorkshire to the north , the East Riding of Yorkshire to the north-east , Lincolnshire to the east and Nottinghamshire to the south-east . The Sheffield Urban Area is the tenth most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom , and dominates the western half of South Yorkshire with over half of the county 's population living within it . South Yorkshire lies within the Sheffield City Region with Barnsley also being within the Leeds City Region , reflecting its geographical position midway between Yorkshire 's two largest cities . South Yorkshire County Council was abolished in 1986 and its metropolitan boroughs are now effectively unitary authorities , although the metropolitan county continues to exist in law . As a ceremonial county , South Yorkshire has a Lord Lieutenant and a High Sheriff . South Yorkshire was created from 32 local government districts of the West Riding of Yorkshire ( the administrative county and four independent county boroughs ) , with small areas from Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire . In the 2016 referendum on the United Kingdom 's membership of the European Union , South Yorkshire voted 62% leave and 38% remain , making it one of the most heavily Leave areas in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colleen_McCullough", "text": "Colleen Margaretta McCullough AO ( /məˈkʌlə/ ; married name Robinson , previously Ion-Robinson ; 1 June 1937 - 29 January 2015 ) was an Australian author known for her novels , her most well-known being The Thorn Birds and The Ladies of Missalonghi , the latter of which was involved in a plagiarism controversy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Houston_Astros_season", "text": "The 2013 Houston Astros season was the team 's first year as a member of the American League , with them switching from the National League Central division to the American League West . This was also their 52nd season as an MLB franchise , their 49th as the Astros , and their 14th at Minute Maid Park . The Astros continued their exceptionally poor records from 2011 and 2012 , winning only 51 games , the fewest by any Major League Baseball team since the 2004 Arizona Diamondbacks who finished with an identical record . Perhaps the lowest point of the season came when the Astros finished with a 15-game losing streak . Other lowlights included winning only 12 series ( 2 of which were sweeps , none outside of the AL West ) , getting swept 18 times , winning just 2 games against the rival Texas Rangers , getting shut out 18 times ( twice in a row against the Rangers and the Rays ) , and yielding 10 runs or more in 17 games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKJS", "text": "CKJS is a multilingual radio station . The station broadcasts from 520 Corydon Avenue in Winnipeg , Manitoba with sister stations CFJL-FM and CHWE-FM , while its transmitter is located at Duff Roblin Provincial Park just south of Winnipeg . The station is the only multilingual radio station in Manitoba serving more than twenty different ethnic groups ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gänsbrunnen", "text": "Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in the district of Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland . The French name for Gänsbrunnen is Saint-Joseph . Gänsbrunnen is one of the smallest municipalities in Solothurn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glaiza_de_Castro", "text": "Glaiza de Castro ( born January 21 , 1988 ) , is a Filipina actress and singer . After beginning her career in GMA in 2001 , she transferred to its rival network , ABS-CBN , where she played mostly minor and supporting roles before returning to GMA in 2006 . During the first two years of her second stint with GMA , she continued to play supporting roles in series such as Boys Nxt Door and Asian Treasures before landing a lead role in the television remake of the film Kaputol ng Isang Awit . She appeared in villain roles in the remakes of Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Lahat Sa Akin and Stairway to Heaven , and on the musical series Diva before finally achieving leading lady status in the fantasy series Grazilda in 2010 . In addition to her television appearances , she has also acted in a number of mainstream and independent films , including Sukob , Patikul , Batanes , and Still Life . She leads also in a top-rating primetime series called The Rich Man 's Daughter . As a singer , De Castro has so far released four albums : Magbalik Ka , released in 2001 , the self-titled Glaiza , released in 2006 , Synthesis , released in 2015 , and Magandang Simulain , released in 2017 . On April 4 , 2016 , Glaiza de Castro was announced as she played the role of Pirena in the 2016 remake of Encantadia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Álvaro_Morata", "text": "Álvaro Borja Morata Martín ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈalβaɾo moˈɾata ] ; born 23 October 1992 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Atlético Madrid , on loan from English club Chelsea , and the Spain national team . He began his career at Real Madrid , making his debut with the senior team in late 2010 . After winning the 2014 Champions League , he moved to Juventus for €20 million in 2014 , winning the double of Serie A and the Coppa Italia in both of his seasons in Turin . After being bought back by Real for €30 million , he won another La Liga and the Champions League in 2016-17 before joining Chelsea in 2017 for a club record fee of around £60 million . In January 2019 , he moved to Atlético Madrid on loan and would join the club permanently on 1 July 2020 . Morata earned 34 caps for Spain at youth level , helping the country win the 2013 European Under-21 Championship . He made his senior debut in 2014 , and represented Spain at Euro 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juraj_Bača", "text": "Juraj Bača ( born March 17 , 1977 in Komárno ) is a Slovak sprint canoer who competed from 1998 to 2005 . Competing in two Summer Olympics , he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Athens in 2004 . Bača also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with six golds ( K-2 500 m : 1998 , K-2 1000 m : 1999 , K-4 500 m : 2002 , 2003 ; K-4 1000 m : 2002 , 2003 ) and one bronze ( K-4 500 m : 2001 ) . After retiring from competition , Bača now works as a kayak coach . In autumn 2006 he appeared on the celebrity TV dance competition Let 's Dance . Bača was a member of the ŠKP Bratislava club . He is 186 cm ( 6 ' 1 ) tall and raced at 86 kg ( 189 lbs ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anyang", "text": "Anyang ( simplified Chinese : 安阳 ; traditional Chinese : 安陽 ; pinyin : Ānyáng ; [ án.jǎŋ ] ) is a prefecture-level city in Henan province , China . The northernmost city in Henan , Anyang borders Puyang to the east , Hebi and Xinxiang to the south , and the provinces of Shanxi and Hebei to its west and north respectively . It had a total population of 5,172,834 as of the 2010 census , 2,025,811 of whom lived in the metropolitan area made of four urban districts and Anyang County , largely agglomerated with the city proper . Anyang is the location of the ancient city of Yin , which was the capital of the Shang dynasty and the first stable capital of China ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Farizal_Harun", "text": "Mohd Farizal bin Harun ( born 2 February 1986 in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Selangor as a goalkeeper in the Malaysia Premier League . Known as Farizal most recognized due to his technical ability in term of reflex saves and specialize in saving penalty kick . From Felda Palong , Negeri Sembilan , he is the son of Felda settlers . But his lack of consistency cost the team triumph . Once upon a time Felda United almost created history to win their first ever FA Cup but last minute Pahang managed to grabbed 2 cushioned goals . The same thing happened during 2012 Malaysia Cup Final when Kelantan scored 2 easy gol after Farizal nutmegged by himself . During 2013 Malaysia Cup campaign , once again , the same story when ATM were leading by away goal margin to final but lost the game after the defenders failed to held the pressured from Kelantan offensive counterpart . Thus conceding last minute goal scored by Fakri Saarani . 2018 Farizal won his second Malaysia Premier League title with Felda United , his second title after 2012 season with ATM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metromover", "text": "Metromover is a free mass transit automated people mover train system operated by Miami-Dade Transit in Miami , Florida , United States . Metromover serves the Downtown Miami , Brickell , Park West and Arts & Entertainment District neighborhoods . Metromover connects directly with Metrorail at Government Center and Brickell stations . It also connects to Metrobus with dedicated bus loops at Government Center and Adrienne Arsht Center station . It originally began service to the Downtown/Inner Loop on April 17 , 1986 , and was later expanded with the Omni and Brickell Loop extensions on May 26 , 1994 . The Metromover serves primarily as an alternative way to travel within the greater Downtown Miami neighborhoods . The system is composed of three loops and 21 stations . The stations are located approximately two blocks away from each other , and connect near all major buildings and places in the Downtown area . Together with Metrorail , the system has seen steady ridership growth per annum , with an average combined ridership of 105,500 weekday passengers in 2013 . Out of only three downtown people movers in the United States , the other two being the Jacksonville Skyway and the Detroit People Mover , the Metromover is by far the most successful in terms of ridership , the only completed system of the three , and considered to be a catalyst for downtown development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2016_Group_E", "text": "Group E of UEFA Euro 2016 contained Belgium , Italy , Republic of Ireland and Sweden . Italy was the only former European champion in this group , having won in 1968 . Matches were played from 13 to 22 June 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tupi_Football_Club", "text": "Tupi Football Club , usually known simply as Tupi , is a traditional Brazilian football club from Juiz de Fora , Minas Gerais state . They won the Série D once ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soccer_(1985_video_game)", "text": "Soccer [ a ] is a video game produced by Intelligent Systems and Nintendo as part of its Sports Series for the Nintendo Entertainment System . It was released in Japan in 1985 , and in the United States and Europe in 1987 . It was also released for the Family Computer Disk System in 1986 . It is also available on the Virtual Console since June 12 , 2014 , to be bought from the Wii Shop Channel and the Wii U Nintendo eShop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rangers_F.C.", "text": "Rangers Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the Govan district of Glasgow . It has played in the Scottish Premiership , the first tier of the Scottish Professional Football League , since winning the 2015-16 Scottish Championship . Their home ground , Ibrox Stadium , in the southwest of the city , is the third largest football stadium in the country . Although not the club 's official name , it is occasionally referred to as Glasgow Rangers . Rangers have played in royal blue shirts since the inception of the club . Rangers are the second most successful club in world football in terms of trophies won , behind only Egyptian club Al Ahly . The club has won more league titles and domestic trebles than any other team in the world , winning the league title 54 times , the Scottish Cup 33 times and the Scottish League Cup 27 times , and achieving the treble of all three in the same season seven times . Rangers won the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1972 after being losing finalists twice , in 1961 ( the first British club to reach a UEFA tournament final ) and 1967 . A third runners-up finish in Europe came in the UEFA Cup in 2008 . Rangers have a long-standing rivalry with Celtic , the two Glasgow clubs being collectively known as the Old Firm , which is considered one of the world 's biggest football derbies . Founded in March 1872 , Rangers is the fourth-oldest football club in Scotland and was one of the 11 original members of the Scottish Football League and it remained in the top division continuously until a financial crisis during the 2011-12 season saw an administration event occur and the original company liquidated with the assets moved to a new company structure . The club was accepted as an associate member of the Scottish Football League and placed in the fourth tier of Scottish football league system in time for the start of the following season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Men's_double_trap_singles", "text": "The Men 's double trap singles event took place on October 7 , 2010 at the CRPF Campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Koch", "text": "Charles de Ganahl Koch ( /koʊk/ ; born November 1 , 1935 ) is an American businessman , political donor and philanthropist . As of March 2019 , he was ranked as the 11th-richest person in the world , with an estimated net worth of $ 50.5 billion . Koch has been co-owner , chairman , and chief executive officer of Koch Industries since 1967 , while his late brother David Koch served as executive vice president . Charles and David each owned 42% of the conglomerate . The brothers inherited the business from their father , Fred C. Koch , then expanded the business . Originally involved exclusively in oil refining and chemicals , Koch Industries now includes process and pollution control equipment and technologies , polymers and fibers , minerals , fertilizers , commodity trading and services , forest and consumer products , and ranching . The businesses produce a wide variety of well-known brands , such as Stainmaster carpet , the Lycra brand of spandex fiber , Quilted Northern tissue , and Dixie Cup . Koch Industries is the second-largest privately held company by revenue in the United States according to a 2010 Forbes survey . In February 2014 , Koch was ranked 9th richest person in the world by Hurun Report with an estimated net worth of $ 36 billion . Previously , in October 2012 , he was ranked the 6th richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of $ 34 billion - according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index - and was ranked 18th on Forbes World 's Billionaires list of 2011 ( and 4th on the Forbes 400 ) , with an estimated net worth of $ 25 billion , deriving from his 42% stake in Koch Industries . Koch has published three books detailing his business philosophy , The Science of Success , Market Based Management , and Good Profit . Koch supports a number of free market-oriented educational organizations , including the Institute for Humane Studies , the Ayn Rand Institute , [ citation needed ] and the Mercatus Center at George Mason University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gavin_&_Stacey", "text": "Gavin & Stacey is a British sitcom , written by James Corden and Ruth Jones , about two families ; one from Essex and one from Wales . Mathew Horne and Joanna Page play the titular characters Gavin and Stacey and the writers star as Smithy and Nessa . Other prominent cast members include Alison Steadman and Larry Lamb , who play Gavin 's parents ( Pam and Mick ) , and Melanie Walters and Rob Brydon , who portray Stacey 's mother , Gwen , and uncle , Bryn . The show was produced by Baby Cow Productions for BBC Wales . It was broadcast from 13 May 2007 to 1 January 2010 ; a total of 20 episodes across three series shown on BBC Three and then on BBC One . Episodes of the final series formed a significant part of the prime time BBC seasonal programming ; broadcast on Christmas Day 2009 and New Year 's Day 2010 . In May 2019 , Corden announced that he and Jones had written a Christmas special that aired on BBC One on Christmas Day . The 2019 special attracted 18.49 million viewers , making it the most viewed non-sporting event in a decade in the United Kingdom , and the most watched comedy in 17 years . Gavin & Stacey was acclaimed as a hit breakthrough show for BBC Three , becoming the most nominated show in the 2007 British Comedy Awards . It won several awards , including the British Academy Television Awards ( BAFTAs ) Audience Award , and the British Comedy Awards Best TV Comedy Award , both in 2008 . The programme has also been well received in several other countries in which it has aired . In 2019 , Gavin & Stacey was named the 17th greatest British sitcom in a poll by Radio Times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pink_Floyd", "text": "Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London in 1965 . Gaining a following as a psychedelic rock group , they were distinguished for their extended compositions , sonic experimentation , philosophical lyrics and elaborate live shows , and became a leading band of the progressive rock genre . They are one of the most commercially successful and influential bands in popular music history . Pink Floyd were founded by students Syd Barrett ( guitar , lead vocals ) , Nick Mason ( drums ) , Roger Waters ( bass guitar , vocals ) , and Richard Wright ( keyboards , vocals ) . Under Barrett 's leadership , they released two charting singles and a successful debut album , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn ( 1967 ) . Guitarist and vocalist David Gilmour joined in December 1967 ; Barrett left in April 1968 due to deteriorating mental health . Waters became the primary lyricist and thematic leader , devising the concepts behind the albums The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 ) , Wish You Were Here ( 1975 ) , Animals ( 1977 ) , The Wall ( 1979 ) , and The Final Cut ( 1983 ) . The band also composed several film scores . Following personal tensions , Wright left Pink Floyd in 1979 , followed by Waters in 1985 . Gilmour and Mason continued as Pink Floyd , rejoined later by Wright . The three produced two more albums - A Momentary Lapse of Reason ( 1987 ) and The Division Bell ( 1994 ) - and toured both albums before entering a long period of inactivity . In 2005 , all but Barrett reunited for a one-off performance at the global awareness event Live 8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lena_Headey", "text": "Lena Kathren Headey ( /ˈliːnə ˈhiːdi/ LEE-nə HEE-dee ; born 3 October 1973 ) is an English actress . She is best known for her acclaimed portrayal of Cersei Lannister on the HBO fantasy drama series Game of Thrones ( 2011-2019 ) , for which she has received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations and a Golden Globe Award nomination . Headey made her film debut in the mystery drama Waterland ( 1992 ) . She continued to work steadily in British and American films and on television , before gaining further recognition with her lead performances in the films The Brothers Grimm ( 2005 ) and 300 ( 2007 ) . Her other film credits include The Remains of the Day ( 1993 ) , The Jungle Book ( 1994 ) , Mrs Dalloway ( 1997 ) , Ripley 's Game ( 2002 ) , Imagine Me & You ( 2005 ) , Dredd ( 2012 ) , The Purge ( 2013 ) , 300 : Rise of an Empire ( 2014 ) , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ( 2016 ) , and Fighting with My Family ( 2019 ) . Outside of film , Headey starred as Sarah Connor in the science fiction television series Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ( 2008-2009 ) . She provided voices for the role-playing video game Risen ( 2009 ) and the video game tie-in film Kingsglaive : Final Fantasy XV ( 2016 ) , as well as the animated series Danger Mouse ( 2015-2017 ) and Trollhunters ( 2017-2018 ) , and puppet-animated series The Dark Crystal : Age of Resistance ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland", "text": "Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a country situated in the confluence of western , central , and southern Europe . [ note 4 ] It is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons , with federal authorities seated in Bern . [ note 1 ] Switzerland is a landlocked country bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau , the Alps , and the Jura , spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 ( 15,940 sq mi ) , and land area of 39,997 km2 ( 15,443 sq mi ) . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are located , among them the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva . The establishment of the Old Swiss Confederacy dates to the late medieval period , resulting from a series of military successes against Austria and Burgundy . Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire was formally recognized in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . The Federal Charter of 1291 is considered the founding document of Switzerland which is celebrated on Swiss National Day . Since the Reformation of the 16th century , Switzerland has maintained a strong policy of armed neutrality ; it has not fought an international war since 1815 and did not join the United Nations until 2002 . Nevertheless , it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world . Switzerland is the birthplace of the Red Cross , one of the world 's oldest and best known humanitarian organisations , and is home to numerous international organisations , including the second largest UN office . It is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association , but notably not part of the European Union , the European Economic Area or the Eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abbreviation", "text": "An abbreviation ( from Latin brevis , meaning short ) is a shortened form of a word or phrase , by any method . It may consist of a group of letters , lower case letters do count or words taken from the full version of the word or phrase , for example , the word abbreviation can itself be represented by the abbreviation abbr. , abbrv. , or abbrev . ; NBM , for nil ( or nothing ) by mouth is an abbreviated medical instruction . It may also consist of initials only , a mixture of initials and words , or words or letters representing words in another language ( for example , e.g. , i.e . or RSVP ) . Some types of abbreviations are acronyms ( which are pronounceable ) , initialisms ( using initials only ) , or grammatical contractions or crasis . An abbreviation is a shortening by any of these , or other , methods abbreviations are just to make words smaller with apostrophes"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sponge_Cola", "text": "Sponge Cola ( sometimes spelled Spongecola ) is a Filipino rock band formed in 1998 . The band is composed of Yael Yuzon on vocals and guitars , Gosh Dilay on bass , Armo Armovit on guitars and drummer Tmac Cruz . One of the most popular rock bands in the Philippines , the band produced many hit songs including Jeepney , KLSP , Gemini , Bitiw , Tuliro , Di Na Mababawi , Tambay , Kay Tagal Kitang Hinintay , and XGF . To date , the band have released several albums that went successful ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bankstown,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Bankstown is a suburb south west of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . It is 16 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district and is located in the local government area of Canterbury-Bankstown Council , having previously been the administrive centre of the City of Bankstown prior to 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adjuntas,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Adjuntas ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aðˈxuntas ] ) is a small mountainside municipality in Puerto Rico located central midwest of the island on the Cordillera Central , north of Yauco , Guayanilla and Peñuelas ; southeast of Utuado ; east of Lares and Yauco ; and northwest of Ponce . Adjuntas is spread over 16 wards and Adjuntas Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . Adjuntas is about two hours by car westward from the capital , San Juan . It is the principal city of and comprises the Adjuntas Micropolitan Statistical Area . Adjuntas is nicknamed the Switzerland of Puerto Rico , because of its relatively chilly weather . Many Puerto Rican mountain towns have cooler weather than the rest of the island ; Adjuntas is no exception : the average yearly weather is 70 °F ( 21 °C ) ( High : 83 °F/28 °C ; Low : 58 °F/14 °C ) . Puerto Rico 's lowest temperature were recorded in Adjuntas at 38°F . Its mild climate attracts a good number of island tourists during the summer months . The town has a small hotel named Monte Rio and a good-sized parador , or country inn , called Villa Sotomayor . Adjuntas ' Zip Code , 00601 , is the lowest code in the United States zip code system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cebu_Institute_of_Technology_–_University", "text": "The Cebu Institute of Technology - University ( CIT-University , or less often CIT-U , and colloquially , CIT ) is a private non-sectarian academic institution , providing basic and higher education with a foundation in general and technological education in the Philippines . The university was known then as simply Cebu Institute of Technology until 2009 . CIT is the first higher educational institution ( HEI ) in the Visayas and Mindanao classified as Category A ( t ) . This places CIT as a mature teaching institution under the CHED-IQuAME framework . IQuAME is the Institutional Quality Assurance through Monitoring and Evaluation , a system of higher education quality assurance and classification . CIT is one of only nine schools nationwide awarded by the Commission on Higher Education ( CHED ) as Center of Excellence in Information Technology Education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waterbury_Center_Methodist_Church", "text": "The Waterbury Center Methodist Church , now the Waterbury Center Community Church , is a historic church building at 3582 Waterbury-Stowe Road ( Vermont Route 100 ) in Waterbury Center , Vermont . Built in 1833 , it is a prominent visual landmark in the village , and a good local example of Federal period church architecture . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tideland_(film)", "text": "Tideland is a 2005 British-Canadian neo-noir fantasy horror film co-written and directed by Terry Gilliam . It is an adaptation of Mitch Cullin 's novel of the same name . The film was shot in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada , and the surrounding area in late 2004 . The world premiere was at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival where the film was met with mixed response from both viewers and critics . After little interest from U.S. distributors , THINKFilm picked the film up for a U.S. release date in October 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Danny_Ainge", "text": "Daniel Ray Ainge ( born March 17 , 1959 ) is an American basketball executive and former professional basketball and baseball player . Ainge is currently the general manager and President of Basketball Operations for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Ainge was an outstanding high school athlete . At Brigham Young University , he was named national basketball college player of the year and won the John R. Wooden Award for the most outstanding male college basketball player . While in college , Ainge also played parts of three seasons with the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , mostly as a second baseman . He was then drafted into the NBA by the Celtics . Ainge completed 14 seasons , playing for the Celtics , Portland Trail Blazers , Sacramento Kings and Phoenix Suns , primarily as a shooting guard . He went on to coach the Suns for three seasons before joining management of the Celtics , with whom Ainge has three NBA Championships to his credit ( two as a player , one as President/GM ) . He is the only person to be named a high school first team All-American in American football , basketball , and baseball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Bickford", "text": "Charles Ambrose Bickford ( January 1 , 1891 - November 9 , 1967 ) was an American actor best known for his supporting roles . He was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor , for The Song of Bernadette ( 1943 ) , The Farmer 's Daughter ( 1947 ) , and Johnny Belinda ( 1948 ) . Other notable roles include Whirlpool ( 1948 ) , A Star Is Born ( 1954 ) , and The Big Country ( 1958 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tail_Schoonjans", "text": "Tail Schoonjans ( born 19 August 1986 ) is a Belgian professional footballer , who is currently playing for Grimbergen in the Belgian Third Division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rome,_Georgia", "text": "Rome is the largest city in and the county seat of Floyd County , Georgia , United States . Located in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains , it is the principal city of the Rome , Georgia , Metropolitan Statistical Area , which encompasses all of Floyd County . At the 2010 census , the city had a population of 36,303 . It is the largest city in Northwest Georgia and the 19th largest city in the state . Rome was built at the confluence of the Etowah and the Oostanaula rivers , forming the Coosa River . Because of its strategic advantages , this area was long occupied by the Creek and later the Cherokee people . National leaders such as Major Ridge and John Ross resided here before Indian Removal . The city has developed on seven hills with the rivers running between them , a feature that inspired the early European-American settlers to name it for Rome , the longtime capital of Italy . It developed in the antebellum period as a market and trading city due to its advantageous location on the rivers , by which it sent the rich regional cotton commodity crop downriver to markets on the Gulf Coast and export overseas . It is the second largest city , after Gadsden , Alabama , near the center of the triangular area defined by the Interstate highways between Atlanta , Birmingham and Chattanooga . It has developed as a regional center in such areas as medical care and education . In addition to its public school system , there are several private schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quernmore", "text": "Quernmore ( pronounced kwor-mer ) is a village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England . It is located about 3 miles ( 5 km ) east of Lancaster . The parish of Quernmore had a population of 532 recorded in the 2001 census , increasing to 567 at the 2011 Census . Apart from Quernmore itself , the parish also includes Brow Top , once a local crafts mecca , now merely a cluster of barn conversions , like a last outpost of civilisation before the Trough of Bowland . The village consists of a small number of residential properties , mostly farm houses , nestling in the bottom of the small valley of the River Conder . The valley has an ancient history . In 1970 a Roman pottery kiln was unearthed near the Friends Meeting House , and other kilns have been discovered in the local vicinity . In former times , the slopes of Clougha Pike which forms the eastern wall of the valley , were mined for millstone grit to form quern stones . There was some small scale coal mining and charcoal production . The valley also has two surviving watermills , one on the slopes towards Littledale and one at Conder Mill whose mill pond now is used as a fishery . Quernmore was at one stage a Royal Forest . The Methodist chapel lies at the heart of the community but is smaller than St Peter 's , the Church of England church which lies isolated next to Quernmore Primary School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crete", "text": "Crete ( Greek : Κρήτη , Kríti [ 'kriti ] ; Ancient Greek : Κρήτη , Krḗtē ) is the largest and most populous of the Greek islands , the 88th largest island in the world and the fifth largest island in the Mediterranean Sea , after Sicily , Sardinia , Cyprus , and Corsica . It bounds the southern border of the Aegean sea . Crete lies approximately 160 km ( 99 mi ) south of the Greek mainland . It has an area of 8,336 km2 ( 3,219 sq mi ) and a coastline of 1,046 km ( 650 mi ) . Crete and a number of surrounding islands and islets constitute the region of Crete ( Greek : Περιφέρεια Κρήτης ) , the southernmost of the 13 top-level administrative units of Greece ; the region is the fifth most populous region of Greece . Its capital and largest city is Heraklion , located on the northern shore of the island . As of 2011 [ update ] , the region had a population of 623,065 . The Dodecanese are located to the northeast of Crete , while the Cyclades are situated to the north , separated by the Sea of Crete . The Peloponnese is to the region 's northwest . Humans have inhabited the island since at least 130,000 years ago , during the Paleolithic age . Crete was the centre of Europe 's first advanced civilization , the Minoans , from 2700 to 1420 BC ; the Minoan civilization was overrun by the Mycenaean civilization from mainland Greece . Later , Crete fell under Roman rule , and afterwards the Byzantine Empire , Andalusian Arabs , the Venetian Republic , and the Ottoman Empire successively ruled Crete ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aga_Khan_University", "text": "The Aga Khan University is a pioneering institution of higher education that works to improve quality of life in the developing world and beyond . Guided by the principles of impact , quality , relevance and access , the University has programmes and campuses in Pakistan , Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda , United Kingdom and Afghanistan . The University operates teaching hospitals - Aga Khan University Hospitals , Schools of Nursing and Midwifery , Medical Colleges , Institutes for Educational Development , Graduate School of Media and Communications , Institute for the Study of Muslim Civilisations , East Africa Institute and Institute for Human Development . AKU also runs an Examination Board and manages the French Medical Institute for Mothers and Children in Kabul , Afghanistan . More than 2 million patients per year are treated at seven AKU hospitals and more than 350 medical centres in East Africa and Pakistan . A study of AKU 's impact in Pakistan , conducted by U.S.-based Centennial Group International , found that AKU has an annual economic impact in Pakistan of US $ 1 billion , and directly and indirectly supports 42,000 jobs annually . AKU was ranked among the top 100 universities for clinical medicine and among the top 200 for public health internationally in the ShanghaiRanking 's Global Ranking of Academic Subjects 2019 released by the Academic Ranking of World Universities ( ARWU ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ICAO_airport_code", "text": "The ICAO ( /ˌaɪˌkeɪˈoʊ/ , eye-KAY-oh ) airport code or location indicator is a four-letter code designating aerodromes around the world . These codes , as defined by the International Civil Aviation Organization and published in ICAO Document 7910 : Location Indicators , are used by air traffic control and airline operations such as flight planning . ICAO codes are also used to identify other aviation facilities such as weather stations , International Flight Service Stations or Area Control Centers , whether or not they are located at airports . Flight information regions are also identified by a unique ICAO-code ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bethnal_Green_and_Bow_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Bethnal Green and Bow is a constituency [ n 1 ] in Greater London . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ice_hockey", "text": "Ice hockey is a contact team sport played on ice , usually in a rink , in which two teams of skaters use their sticks to shoot a vulcanized rubber puck into their opponent 's net to score goals . The sport is known to be fast-paced and physical , with teams usually fielding six players at a time : one goaltender , and five players who skate the span of the ice trying to control the puck and score goals against the opposing team . Ice hockey is most popular in Canada , central and eastern Europe , the Nordic countries , Russia , and the United States . Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada . In addition , ice hockey is the most popular winter sport in Belarus , Croatia , the Czech Republic , Finland , Latvia , Russia , Slovakia , Sweden , and Switzerland . North America 's National Hockey League ( NHL ) is the highest level for men 's ice hockey and the strongest professional ice hockey league in the world . The Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) is the highest league in Russia and much of Eastern Europe . The International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) is the formal governing body for international ice hockey , with the IIHF managing international tournaments and maintaining the IIHF World Ranking . Worldwide , there are ice hockey federations in 76 countries . In Canada , the United States , Nordic countries , and some other European countries the sport is known simply as hockey ; the name ice hockey is used in places where hockey more often refers to the more popular field hockey , such as countries in South America , Asia , Africa , Australasia , and some European countries including the United Kingdom , Ireland and the Netherlands . Ice hockey is believed to have evolved from simple stick and ball games played in the 18th and 19th centuries in the United Kingdom and elsewhere . These games were brought to North America and several similar winter games using informal rules were developed , such as shinny and ice polo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Table_tennis_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Table tennis at the 2004 Summer Olympics took place in the Galatsi Olympic Hall with 172 competitors in 4 events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthraquinone", "text": "Anthraquinone , also called anthracenedione or dioxoanthracene , is an aromatic organic compound with formula C14H8O2 . Isomers include various quinone derivatives . The term anthraquinone , however refers to the isomer , 9,10-anthraquinone ( IUPAC : 9,10-dioxoanthracene ) wherein the keto groups are located on the central ring . It is a building block of many dyes and is used in bleaching pulp for papermaking . It is a yellow , highly crystalline solid , poorly soluble in water but soluble in hot organic solvents . It is almost completely insoluble in ethanol near room temperature but 2.25 g will dissolve in 100 g of boiling ethanol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Želivka_Water_Tunnel", "text": "Želivka Water Tunnel ( in Czech : Vodní tunel Želivka ) is the sixth longest water tunnel in the world . It is 51 kilometres long . It was finished in 1972 . In 1965 , the first phase of construction of a water supply line from Želivka ( Czech Republic ) began far away from Prague . Soon , a 51 kilometres long tunnel was being cut to bring clean water from the treatment plant in Nesměřice to Jesenice . Meanwhile , there already were two lines leading from the water tank in Jesenice , one going north-west to Libuš , Novodvorská , and further , the second one going to Chodov , to Kozinec by Hostivař and further . On 2 April 1967 , dredgers and bulldozers started digging trenches for three parallel lines in the Chodov cadastre . The water was supposed to be moving via gravity feed , which is why everything that was in the way of the best route had to go ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alma_Mater_(song)", "text": "A school song , alma mater , school hymn or school anthem is the patronal song of a school . In England , this tradition is particularly strong in public schools and grammar schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Afraha_Stadium", "text": "The Afraha Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nakuru , Kenya . It used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Nakuru AllStars of the Kenyan Premier League and Ulinzi Stars of the Kenyan Premier League . The stadium holds 8,200 people and opened in 1948 . The stadium is two kilometres from the famous Lake Nakuru National Park . Even though it is a football stadium , it became famous for hosting many political meetings including the GEMA promoted change the constitution series held in the 1970s . The former ruling party KANU also held many prominent meetings there during the Moi era ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gary_Cooper", "text": "Gary Cooper ( born Frank James Cooper ; May 7 , 1901 - May 13 , 1961 ) was an American actor known for his natural , authentic , understated acting style and screen performances . Cooper 's career spanned 36 years , from 1925 to 1961 , and included leading roles in 84 feature films . He was a major movie star from the end of the silent film era through to the end of the golden age of Classical Hollywood . His screen persona appealed strongly to both men and women , and his range of performances included roles in most major film genres . His ability to project his own personality onto the characters he played contributed to his natural and authentic appearance on screen . Throughout his career , he sustained a screen persona that represented the ideal American hero . Cooper began his career as a film extra and stunt rider , but soon landed acting roles . After establishing himself as a Western hero in his early silent films , he appeared as the Virginian and became a movie star in 1929 with his first sound picture , The Virginian . In the early 1930s , he expanded his heroic image to include more cautious characters in adventure films and dramas such as A Farewell to Arms ( 1932 ) and The Lives of a Bengal Lancer ( 1935 ) . During the height of his career , Cooper portrayed a new type of hero - a champion of the common man - in films such as Mr . Deeds Goes to Town ( 1936 ) , Meet John Doe ( 1941 ) , Sergeant York ( 1941 ) , The Pride of the Yankees ( 1942 ) , and For Whom the Bell Tolls ( 1943 ) . In the postwar years , he portrayed more mature characters at odds with the world in films such as The Fountainhead ( 1949 ) and High Noon ( 1952 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1957–58_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1957-58 Montreal Canadiens season was the club 's 49th season of play . The Canadiens won their third-straight Stanley Cup and the tenth in club history . ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ITV1", "text": "ITV is a British free-to-air television channel . Previously a network of separate uniquely identifiable regional television channels , ITV currently operates in England , Wales , Scotland , the Isle of Man , and the Channel Islands . From 2001 until 2013 , the primary ITV channel was called ITV1 . In 2004 , Granada Television acquired Carlton Communications to form ITV plc . ITV is the biggest and most popular commercial television channel in the United Kingdom . ITV , and its predecessor channels have contended with BBC One for the status of the UK 's most watched television channel since the 1950s . However , in line with other terrestrial channels , ITV 's audience share has fallen as a result of availability of multi-channel television in the UK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_Tares", "text": "The Parable of the Tares ( also known as the Parable of the Weeds , Parable of the Wheat and Tares , Parable of the Wheat and Weeds , or the Parable of the Weeds in the Grain ) is a parable of Jesus which appears in Matthew 13:24-13:30 , following the Parable of the Sower , and preceding the Parable of the Mustard Seed . The parable relates how servants eager to pull up the tares were warned that in so doing they would root out the wheat as well and were told to let both grow together until the harvest . According to the interpretation supplied in Matthew 13:36-13:43 , the parable 's meaning is that the sons of the evil one ( the tares or weeds ) will be separated from the sons of the kingdom ( the wheat ) at the end of the age ( the harvest ) by angels . This is usually taken to refer to the separation of the unsaved sinners from the saved believers during the Last Judgment . A shorter , greatly compressed version of the parable is found without any interpretation in the apocryphal Gospel of Thomas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1962_Oregon_Webfoots_football_team", "text": "The 1962 Oregon Webfoots football team represented the University of Oregon as an independent during the 1962 NCAA University Division football season . In their 12th season under head coach Len Casanova , the Webfoots compiled a 6-3-1 record and outscored their opponents , 229 to 156 . The team played its home games at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon . The team 's statistical leaders included Bob Berry with 995 passing yards and Mel Renfro with 753 rushing yards and 298 receiving yards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Women's_25_metre_pistol_singles", "text": "The Women 's 25 metre pistol singles event at the 2010 Commonwealth Games took place on October 6 , 2010 at the CRPF Campus . There was a qualification round held to determine the final participants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High_Newton", "text": "High Newton is a village in the South Lakeland district , in the county of Cumbria , England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nine-ball", "text": "Nine-ball ( sometimes written 9-ball ) is a cue sport and type of pool . The game is traceable to origins in the 1920 in the United States . It is played on a rectangular table covered with a colored cloth ( or baize ) , with pockets at each of the four corners and in the middle of each long side . Using a cue stick and nine colored balls , players must strike the white ball ( or cue ball ) to pot or pocket the remaining balls in the correct sequence . Balls are numbered one through nine being potted in ascending order . An individual game ( or rack ) , is won by the player pocketing the number nine ball ( known as the 9-ball ) . Matches are usually played as a race to a set number of racks , with the winner being the player to reach the set number of racks won . The game is currently organised by the World Pool Association and the Women 's Professional Billiard Association with the European Pocket Billiard Federation , China Billiards & Snooker Association and United States Professional Poolplayers Association running regional events . The most prestigious nine-ball tournaments are the WPA World Nine-ball Championship , and Matchroom Pool 's US Open 9 Ball Championship . Legendary figures in the game include Efren Reyes , Francisco Bustamante , Thorsten Hohmann , Earl Strickland , and Shane Van Boening . The game is often associated with hustling and gambling , with tournaments often having a buy-in amount to become a participant . The sport has featured in popular culture , specifically in the 1956 novel and 1961 film the Hustler and 1984 novel and 1986 film the Color of Money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_2001", "text": "Miss Teen USA 2001 , the 19th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from South Padre Convention Island Center , South Padre Island , Texas on 22 August 2001 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Marissa Whitley of Missouri was crowned by outgoing queen Jillian Parry of Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CJNU-FM", "text": "CJNU-FM ( 93.7 MHz ) is a Canadian radio station in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Owned by the Nostalgia Broadcasting Cooperative , the station plays an adult standards radio format . CJNU-FM 's offices and studios are on Lombard Place . The transmitter is located on Roslyn Road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wind_(film)", "text": "Wind is a 1992 film directed by Carroll Ballard and starring Matthew Modine , Jennifer Grey and Cliff Robertson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ad_Dali'_Governorate", "text": "Dhale ( Arabic : الضالع Aḍ-Ḍāliʿ ) province is one of the governorates of Yemen that have been created after the announcement of Yemeni unification . The population of the province accounted for ( 2.4% ) of the total population of the Republic , and allocated administratively into ( 9 ) districts . Dali city is the centre of the province . Dali is one of the provinces distinctive with agriculture , since most of the population works in the agricultural activity . The most important agricultural crops is coffee . The province land contains some metals , the most important are talc that is used in the manufacture of paper , paint , cosmetics and pesticides . The tourist attractions in the province vary , the most important being the Damt hot-springs ( Ḥamam-Damt ) , where locals often bathe . One of the ancient cities in the region is Juban , a city famous for its castle and the historic Mansuria school , built by Tahrien . The provincial terrain varies , while the climate is mostly temperate throughout the year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kūkai", "text": "Kūkai ( 空海 ) , also known posthumously as Kōbō-Daishi ( 弘法大師 , The Grand Master Who Propagated the Buddhist Teaching ) , 774-835 , was a Japanese Buddhist monk , civil servant , scholar , poet , and artist who founded the Esoteric Shingon or mantra school of Buddhism . Shingon followers usually refer to him by the honorific title of Odaishisama ( お大師様 ) and the religious name of Henjō-Kongō ( 遍照金剛 ) . Kūkai is famous as a calligrapher and engineer . In legend he is attributed with the invention of the kana syllabary , with which the Japanese language is written to this day ( in combination with kanji ) , as well as the Iroha poem , which helped to standardise and popularise kana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Flyers", "text": "The Philadelphia Flyers are a professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . Part of the 1967 NHL Expansion , the Flyers were the first expansion team in the post-Original Six era to win the Stanley Cup , victorious in 1973-74 and again in 1974-75 . The Flyers ' all-time points percentage of 57.5% ( as of the 2018-19 NHL season [ update ] ) is the third-best in the NHL , behind only the Vegas Golden Knights and Montreal Canadiens . Additionally , the Flyers have the most appearances in the conference finals of all 24 expansion teams ( 16 appearances , winning 8 ) , and they are second behind the St. Louis Blues for the most playoff appearances out of all expansion teams ( 39 out of 51 seasons ) . The Flyers have played their home games on Broad Street since their inception , first at the Spectrum from 1967 until 1996 , and then at the Wells Fargo Center since 1996 . The Flyers have had rivalries with several teams over the years . Historically , their biggest adversaries have been the New York Rangers , with an intense rivalry stretching back to the 1970s . They have also waged lengthy campaigns against the New York Islanders in the 70s and 80s , the Boston Bruins , a bruising battle especially in the 1970s , the Washington Capitals , which has always been intense since their days in the Patrick Division , as well as the New Jersey Devils , with whom they traded the Atlantic Division title every season between 1994-95 and 2006-07 , and finally they enjoy a spirited rivalry with their cross-state and expansion brethren , the Pittsburgh Penguins , which is considered by some to be the best rivalry in the league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lone_Star_Park_Handicap", "text": "The Lone Star Park Handicap is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for horses three-years-old and older over a distance ​1 1⁄16 miles on the dirt held annually during the last week of May at Lone Star Park in Grand Prairie , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Flock_of_Seagulls", "text": "A Flock of Seagulls are an English new wave and synth-pop band originally formed in 1979 in Liverpool by Michael Mike Score ( lead vocals , keyboards ) , his brother Alister Ali James Score ( drums ) , and Francis Lee Frank Maudsley ( bass ) , with their most famous line-up consisting of the Score brothers , Maudsley , and lead guitarist Paul Reynolds . The group had a string of international hit singles including I Ran ( So Far Away ) ( 1982 ) , Space Age Love Song ( 1982 ) , Wishing ( If I Had a Photograph of You ) ( 1982 ) , and The More You Live , the More You Love ( 1984 ) . They first became notable in the 1980s for their music video for I Ran ( So Far Away ) that received airplay on MTV during the Second British Invasion . The band won a Grammy Award in 1983 for their instrumental D.N.A ( 1982 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Târgu_Mureş_International_Airport", "text": "Târgu Mureș Transilvania Airport ( Romanian : Aeroportul Transilvania Târgu Mureș ; Hungarian : Marosvásárhelyi Transilvania Repülőtér ) ( IATA : TGM , ICAO : LRTM ) is an international airport located 14 km ( 8.7 mi ) southwest of Târgu Mureș , Mureș County , in central Romania . Until May 2006 , the official name was Târgu Mureș Vidrasău Airport ( for the village 17 km ( 11 mi ) outside of Târgu Mureș where it is located ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Argentina", "text": "The Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina , whose full name in Spanish is Pontificia Universidad Católica Argentina Santa María de los Buenos Aires , also known as Universidad Católica Argentina ( UCA ) , is a university in Argentina with campuses in the cities of Buenos Aires , Santa Fe , Rosario , Paraná , Mendoza and Pergamino . The main campus is located in Puerto Madero , one of the most modern neighborhoods of Buenos Aires . It is considered , according to a 2011 study by the Spanish Ministry of Education , as one of the best private universities in Latin America . It is the second university preferred by Argentine employers and the sixth in all Latin America . Its predecessor , the Catholic University of Buenos Aires ( 1910-1922 ) , was founded by the Argentine episcopate in 1910 , but its degrees , in law , were not recognized by the Argentine government , and the institution was closed in 1922 . In 1955 , Decree 6403 concerning the freedom of education enabled the creation of private universities with the authority to deliver academic qualifications . In 1956 , the bishops decided to create the Catholic University of Argentina , formally founded on March 7 , 1958 . Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was UCA 's Grand Chancellor , by virtue of his office as Primate of Argentina and Metropolitan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Buenos Aires , the capital of Argentina , until his election in 2013 as Pope Francis to succeed Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI . When Mario Aurelio Poli was named Archbishop of Buenos Aires by Pope Francis later in 2013 , he became Grand Chancellor of the University . In May 2013 Pope Francis named Victor Manuel Fernández , the University 's President ( the second-highest administrative rank , after the Grand Chancellor ) , as titular archbishop of Tiburnia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TV_presenter", "text": "A television presenter is a person who introduces and/or hosts television programs ( or segments thereof such as an infomercial advertiser ) . Nowadays , it is common for personalities in other fields to take on this role , but some people have made their name solely within the field of presenting , particularly within children 's television series , to become television personalities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2011_US_Open_(tennis)", "text": "The 2011 US Open was a tennis tournament played on the outdoor hard courts at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows Park , of Queens , New York City , United States . It began on 29 August and was originally scheduled to end on 11 September , but the men 's final was postponed to 12 September due to rain . Rafael Nadal and Kim Clijsters were the defending champions . Due to an abdominal muscle injury , Clijsters was not able to defend her title . In the women 's singles , Australia 's Samantha Stosur defeated Serena Williams in straight sets 6-2 , 6-3 for her first Grand Slam title . Stosur thus became the first Australian female player to win a Grand Slam since Evonne Goolagong Cawley in 1980 . In the men 's singles , both Nadal and Novak Djokovic contested the final for the second consecutive year . This time , Djokovic won 6-2 , 6-4 , 6-7 ( 3-7 ) , 6-1 for his first US Open title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Katakwi_District", "text": "Katakwi District is a district in the Eastern Region of Uganda . The town of Katakwi is the site of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montgomery_Biscuits", "text": "The Montgomery Biscuits are a Minor League Baseball team based in Montgomery , Alabama . The team is the Double-A affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays and plays in the Southern League . The team was founded in Orlando , Florida , in 1973 as the Orlando Twins , an affiliate of the Minnesota Twins . After remaining in the Minnesota minor league organization for 20 seasons , the team became an affiliate of the Chicago Cubs for four seasons and then the Seattle Mariners for one . In 1999 , the team became an affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays , and they have remained in the organization ever since . Over the years , the club changed names several times . They were the Orlando Twins for 17 seasons , then were known as the SunRays , Cubs , and Rays . The club became known as the Biscuits when it moved from the Orlando area to Montgomery in 2004 . The club played at Tinker Field near downtown Orlando from 1973 until 2000 , when they moved to Champion Stadium in nearby Lake Buena Vista , Florida . Since moving to Montgomery in 2004 , the Biscuits have played at Montgomery Riverwalk Stadium , a 7,000-seat facility which was built for the club in the downtown area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adele", "text": "Adele Laurie Blue Adkins MBE ( /əˈdɛl/ ; born 5 May 1988 ) is an English singer-songwriter . After graduating from the BRIT School in 2006 , Adele signed a recording contract with XL Recordings . In 2007 , she received the Brit Awards Critics ' Choice Award and won the BBC Sound of 2008 poll . Her debut album , 19 , was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success . It is certified eight times platinum in the UK , and three times platinum in the US . The album contains her first song , Hometown Glory , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London . An appearance she made on Saturday Night Live in late 2008 boosted her career in the US . At the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009 , Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance . Adele released her second studio album , 21 , in 2011 . The album was critically well received and surpassed the success of her debut , earning numerous awards in 2012 , among them a record-tying six Grammy Awards , including Album of the Year ; two Brit Awards , including British Album of the Year ; and three American Music Awards , including Favorite Pop/Rock Album . The album has been certified 17 times platinum in the UK , and is overall the fourth best-selling album in the nation . In the US , it has held the top position longer than any album since 1985 , and is certified diamond ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland_at_the_2014_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Switzerland competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , from 7 to 23 February 2014 . 163 athletes were participating , making it the largest team Switzerland has ever sent to the Olympic Winter Games . The four-time Olympic gold medalist Simon Ammann was the flag bearer for the opening ceremony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Delhi", "text": "New Delhi ( /ˈdɛli/ ( listen ) , Hindi : [ nəi dɪlːi ] Naī Dillī ) is an urban district of Delhi which serves as the capital of India and seat of all three branches of the Government of India . The foundation stone of the city was laid by Emperor George V during the Delhi Durbar of 1911 . It was designed by British architects , Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker . The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931 , by Viceroy and Governor-General of India Lord Irwin . Although colloquially Delhi and New Delhi are used interchangeably to refer to the National Capital Territory of Delhi ( NCT ) , these are two distinct entities , with New Delhi forming a small part of Delhi . The National Capital Region is a much larger entity comprising the entire NCT along with adjoining districts in neighbouring states ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tallahassee,_Florida", "text": "Tallahassee ( /ˌtæləˈhæsi/ ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Florida . It is the county seat and only incorporated municipality in Leon County . Tallahassee became the capital of Florida , then the Florida Territory , in 1824 . In 2018 , the population was 193,551 , making it the 7th-largest city in the U.S state of Florida , and the 126th-largest city in the United States . The population of the Tallahassee metropolitan area was 385,145 as of 2018 [ update ] . Tallahassee is the largest city in the Florida Big Bend and Florida Panhandle region , and the main center for trade and agriculture in the Florida Big Bend and Southwest Georgia regions . Tallahassee is home to Florida State University , ranked the nation 's eighteenth best public university by U.S. News & World Report . It is also home to Florida A & M University , the fifth-largest historically black university by total enrollment . Tallahassee Community College is a large state college that serves mainly as a feeder school to Florida State and Florida A & M . Tallahassee qualifies as a significant college town , with a student population exceeding 70,000 . [ citation needed ] As the capital , Tallahassee is the site of the Florida State Capitol , Supreme Court of Florida , Florida Governor 's Mansion , and nearly 30 state agency headquarters . The city is also known for its large number of law firms , lobbying organizations , trade associations and professional associations , including the Florida Bar and the Florida Chamber of Commerce ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ted_Brown_(American_football)", "text": "Thomas Edward Ted Brown ( born February 15 , 1957 ) is a former American college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eight seasons during the late 1970s and 1980s . Brown played college football for North Carolina State University , where he was recognized as an All-American . He was a first-round pick in the 1979 NFL Draft , and played professionally for the NFL 's Minnesota Vikings . Brown 's son , J. T. is currently a forward with the NHL 's Minnesota Wild ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bhagonwali-Baante_Apni_Taqdeer", "text": "Bhagonwali is an Indian daily soap opera that aired on Zee TV . The series premiered on 6 December 2010 . It is produced by Samidha Khalid 's Creative Lab . It tells the story of Runjhun who brings good luck and fortune wherever she goes . However , her own life is riddled with misfortune and hard work because of her circumstances . This show went off air on 17 February 2012 , ending with a total of 318 episodes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eoin_Colfer", "text": "Eoin Colfer ( /ˈoʊ.ɪn/ ; born 14 May 1965 ) is an Irish author of children 's books . He worked as a primary school teacher before he became a full-time writer . He is best known for being the author of the Artemis Fowl series . In September 2008 , Colfer was commissioned to write the sixth instalment of the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series , entitled And Another Thing . , which was published in October 2009 . In October 2016 , in a contract with Marvel Comics , he released Iron Man : The Gauntlet . He served as Laureate na nÓg ( Ireland 's Children 's Laureate ) between 2014 and 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Continental_climate", "text": "Continental climates often have a significant annual variation in temperature ( hot summers and cold winters ) . [ specify ] They tend to occur in the middle latitudes ( 40 to 55 north ) , where prevailing winds blow overland , and temperatures are not moderated by bodies of water such as oceans or seas . Continental climates occur mostly in the Northern Hemisphere , which has the kind of large landmasses on temperate latitudes required for this type of climate to develop . Most of northern and northeastern China , eastern and southeastern Europe , Western and north western Iran central and southeastern Canada , and the central and northeastern United States have this type of climate . In continental climates , precipitation tends to be moderate in amount , concentrated mostly in the warmer months . Only a few areas - in the mountains of the Pacific Northwest of North America and in Iran , northern Iraq , adjacent Turkey , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Central Asia - show a winter maximum in precipitation . A portion of the annual precipitation falls as snowfall , and snow often remains on the ground for more than a month . Summers in continental climates can feature thunderstorms and frequent hot temperatures ; however , summer weather is more stable than winter weather ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea", "text": "South Korea ( Korean : 한국/韓國 ; RR : Hanguk or literally 남한/南韓 ; RR : Namhan ) , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국/大韓民國 ; RR : Daehan Minguk ) is a country in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea . The name Korea is derived from Goguryeo , which was one of the great powers in East Asia during its time , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula , Manchuria , parts of the Russian Far East and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Its capital , Seoul , is a major global city and half of South Korea 's over 51 million people live in the Seoul Capital Area , the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world . The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period . Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BC . Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century , Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty ( 918-1392 ) and the Joseon dynasty ( 1392-1897 ) . The succeeding Korean Empire was annexed into the Empire of Japan in 1910 . After World War II , Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S.-administered zones , with the latter becoming the Republic of Korea in August 1948 . In 1950 , a North Korean invasion began the Korean War and after its end in 1953 , the country 's economy began to soar , recording the fastest rise in average GDP per capita in the world between 1980 and 1990 . Authoritarian rule ended in 1987 and the country is now the most advanced democracy with the highest level of press freedom in Asia . South Korea is a member of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , the G20 and the Paris Club . South Korea is a highly developed country and the world 's 12th-largest economy by nominal GDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Stills", "text": "The Stills were a Canadian rock band from Montreal , Quebec , formed in 2000 and disbanded in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_at_the_1992_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The United States competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Associação_Desportiva_São_Caetano", "text": "Associação Desportiva São Caetano , commonly known as São Caetano , is a Brazilian football team based in the city of São Caetano , Brazil , part of the São Paulo greater metropolitan area . The club finished as runner-up in the Série A twice and once in the Copa Libertadores ."}
{"title": "/wiki/European_United_Left–Nordic_Green_Left", "text": "The European United Left/Nordic Green Left ( French : Gauche unitaire européenne/Gauche verte nordique , GUE/NGL ) is a political group of the European Parliament established in 1995 , and composed of left-wing to far-left members . The group comprises political parties of socialist and communist orientation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trump_World's_Fair", "text": "Trump World 's Fair at Trump Plaza was a hotel and casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey that occupied 280 feet ( 85.3 m ) of the Atlantic City boardwalk and was 21 floors in height . It had 500 guest rooms . It opened on April 14 , 1981 as the Playboy Hotel and Casino , then changed its name in 1984 to Atlantis Hotel and Casino ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avengers_(comics)", "text": "The Avengers are a fictional team of superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The team made its debut in The Avengers # 1 ( cover-dated Sept. 1963 ) , created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist/co-plotter Jack Kirby . The Avengers is Lee and Kirby 's renovation of a previous superhero team , All-Winners Squad , who appeared in comic books series published by Marvel Comics ' predecessor Timely Comics . Labeled Earth 's Mightiest Heroes , the Avengers originally consisted of Ant-Man , the Hulk , Iron Man , Thor , and the Wasp . Ant-Man had become Giant-Man by issue # 2 . The original Captain America was discovered trapped in ice in issue # 4 , and joined the group after they revived him . A rotating roster became a hallmark of the series , although one theme remained consistent : the Avengers fight the foes no single superhero can withstand . The team , famous for its battle cry of Avengers Assemble ! , has featured humans , mutants , Inhumans , androids , aliens , supernatural beings , and even former villains . The Avengers have appeared in a wide variety of media outside of comic books , including several different animated television series and direct-to-video films . The Avengers also play a central role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) being the focus in multiple MCU feature films , beginning with the eponymous 2012 live-action film , The Avengers , and followed by the sequels , Age of Ultron ( 2015 ) , Infinity War ( 2018 ) , and Endgame ( 2019 ) , which were based on The Infinity Gauntlet storyline . The Avengers also featured in Captain America : Civil War ( 2016 ) drawing loosely from the 2006 comics storyline Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Álex_Anwandter", "text": "Álex Anwandter Donoso ( born March 24 , 1983 in Santiago ) is a Chilean singer-songwriter , musician , and film and music video director . He became popular as the vocalist for the band Teleradio Donoso ( 2005-2009 ) . In 2010 , he began work as a soloist . Anwandter has two nominations for the Latin Grammy for Best New Artist and Best Short Form Music Video ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claire_Danes", "text": "Claire Catherine Danes ( born April 12 , 1979 ) is an American actress . She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards . In 2012 , Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world , and she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2015 . Danes gained early recognition as Angela Chase in the 1994 teen drama series My So-Called Life . The role won her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series . She made her film debut the same year in Little Women ( 1994 ) . Her other films include Home for the Holidays ( 1995 ) , Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) , The Rainmaker ( 1997 ) , Les Misérables ( 1998 ) , Brokedown Palace ( 1999 ) , the 1999 English dub of Princess Mononoke ( 1997 ) , The Hours ( 2002 ) , Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines ( 2003 ) , Shopgirl ( 2005 ) , Stardust ( 2007 ) , and A Kid Like Jake ( 2018 ) . From 1998 to 2000 , Danes attended Yale University before dropping out to return to acting . She appeared in an Off-Broadway production of The Vagina Monologues in 2000 , and made her Broadway debut playing Eliza Doolittle in the 2007 revival of Pygmalion . In 2010 , she portrayed Temple Grandin in the highly acclaimed HBO TV film Temple Grandin , which won her a second Golden Globe and her first Primetime Emmy Award for the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie . Since 2011 , she has starred as Carrie Mathison in the Showtime drama series Homeland , for which she has won two Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series , two Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Television Series Drama , and the Television Critics Association Award for Individual Achievement in Drama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Robinson_(basketball)", "text": "James Hollywood Robinson ( born August 31 , 1970 ) is a former American professional basketball player , most notably in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Robinson , an undersized 6 ft 2 in ( 1.88 m ) shooting guard , attended the University of Alabama before being selected with the 21st overall pick in the 1993 NBA draft by the Portland Trail Blazers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cofidis_(cycling_team)", "text": "Cofidis Solutions Crédits ( UCI team code : COF ) is a French professional road bicycle racing team sponsored by a money-lending company , Cofidis . It was started in 1996 by Cyrille Guimard the former manager of Bernard Hinault , Greg LeMond and Laurent Fignon of the Renault-Elf-Gitane team of the 1980s . The team 's sponsor has supported the team despite repeated problems such as doping scandals . After it was part of the UCI ProTour for the ProTour 's first five seasons , from 2010 on the team competes as a UCI Professional Continental team . The team returned as part of the UCI World Tour for the 2020 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Augustine's_Abbey", "text": "St Augustine 's Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Canterbury , Kent , England . The abbey was founded in 598 and functioned as a monastery until its dissolution in 1538 during the English Reformation . After the abbey 's dissolution , it underwent dismantlement until 1848 . Since 1848 , part of the site has been used for educational purposes and the abbey ruins have been preserved for their historical value ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nate_Britt", "text": "Nathaniel C. Britt II ( born January 13 , 1994 ) is an American professional basketball player . He played college at North Carolina where he won a National championship in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laax", "text": "Laax ( Romansh : Lags ) is a municipality in the Surselva Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newark,_Peterborough", "text": "Newark was a hamlet of the parish of Saint Mary the Virgin in the Soke of Peterborough in the United Kingdom . One mile and a half ( 2.4 km ) north-east-by-east from the city centre ; a portion was incorporated with the municipal borough in 1874 . The remainder formed part of Peterborough Rural District from 1894 until 1926 when the city 's boundaries were extended to include the civil parish of Peterborough Without ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moreton_Hall,_Warwickshire", "text": "Moreton Hall is a Grade II listed , Georgian styled Edwardian house , built in the early 1900s and located in Moreton Morrell , Warwickshire , England . It is the location of Moreton Morrel Centre , the agricultural campus of Warwickshire College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clayton,_Delaware", "text": "Clayton is a town in Kent and New Castle counties in the U.S. state of Delaware . Located almost entirely in Kent County , it is part of the Dover , Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 2,918 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tea", "text": "Tea is an aromatic beverage commonly prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured leaves of the Camellia sinensis , an evergreen shrub ( bush ) native to East Asia . After water , it is the most widely consumed drink in the world . There are many different types of tea ; some , like Darjeeling and Chinese greens , have a cooling , slightly bitter , and astringent flavour , while others have vastly different profiles that include sweet , nutty , floral or grassy notes . Tea has a stimulating effect in humans primarily due to its caffeine content . Tea originated in Southwest China during the Shang dynasty , where it was used as a medicinal drink . An early credible record of tea drinking dates to the 3rd century AD , in a medical text written by Hua Tuo . It was popularised as a recreational drink during the Chinese Tang dynasty , and tea drinking spread to other East Asian countries . Portuguese priests and merchants introduced it to Europe during the 16th century . During the 17th century , drinking tea became fashionable among Britons , who started large-scale production and commercialisation of the plant in India . Combined , China and India supplied 62% of the world 's tea in 2016 . The term herbal tea refers to drinks not made from Camellia sinensis : infusions of fruit , leaves , or other parts of the plant , such as steeps of rosehip , chamomile , or rooibos . These are sometimes called tisanes or herbal infusions to prevent confusion with tea made from the tea plant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlotte,_North_Carolina", "text": "Charlotte ( /ˈʃɑːrlət/ ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of North Carolina . Located in the Piedmont , it is the county seat of Mecklenburg County . In 2018 , the U.S. Census Bureau estimated the population was 872,498 , making it the 16th-most populous city in the United States . The city is the cultural , economic , and transportation center of the Charlotte metropolitan area , whose population ranks 23rd in the U.S. , and had a population of 2,569,213 , in 2018 . The Charlotte metropolitan area is part of a sixteen-county market region or combined statistical area with a 2018 census-estimated population of 2,728,933 . Between 2004 and 2014 , Charlotte was ranked as the country 's fastest-growing metro area , with 888,000 new residents . Based on U.S. Census data from 2005 to 2015 , Charlotte tops the U.S. in millennial population growth . It is the second-largest city in the southeastern United States , just behind Jacksonville , Florida . It is the third-fastest-growing major city in the United States . It is listed as a gamma global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . Residents are referred to as Charlotteans . Charlotte is home to the corporate headquarters of Bank of America , Truist Financial , and the east coast operations of Wells Fargo , which along with other financial institutions has made it the second-largest banking center in the United States since 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mukō,_Kyoto", "text": "Mukō ( 向日市 , Mukō-shi ) is a city in Kyoto Prefecture , Japan , which served as the capital city of Japan ( Nagaoka-kyō ) for a decade from 784 to 794 . Its neighbor cities are Kyoto and Nagaokakyō . As of 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 55,729 and a population density of 7,219 persons per km² . The total area is 7.72 km² ( 2.98 sq mi ) . According to the provisional results of the 2015 national census of Japan , the population of Muko is 53,380 ; of which male and female are 25,387 and 27,993 respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Tirol_Innsbruck", "text": "FC Tirol Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck , Tyrol which existed between 1993 and 2002 , when bankruptcy was declared ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cameroon", "text": "Cameroon ( /ˌkæməˈruːn/ ( listen ) ; French : Cameroun ) , officially the Republic of Cameroon ( French : République du Cameroun ) , is a country in Central Africa . It is bordered by Nigeria to the west and north ; Chad to the northeast ; the Central African Republic to the east ; and Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and the Republic of the Congo to the south . Cameroon 's coastline lies on the Bight of Biafra , part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean . Although Cameroon is not an ECOWAS member state , it is geographically and historically in West Africa with the Southern Cameroons which now form her Northwest and Southwest Regions having a strong West African history . The country is sometimes identified as West African and other times as Central African due to its strategic position at the crossroads between West and Central Africa . Cameroon is home to over 250 native languages spoken by nearly 20 million people . The official languages of the country are English and French . Early inhabitants of the territory included the Sao civilisation around Lake Chad and the Baka hunter-gatherers in the southeastern rainforest . Portuguese explorers reached the coast in the 15th century and named the area Rio dos Camarões ( Shrimp River ) , which became Cameroon in English . Fulani soldiers founded the Adamawa Emirate in the north in the 19th century , and various ethnic groups of the west and northwest established powerful chiefdoms and fondoms . Cameroon became a German colony in 1884 known as Kamerun . After World War I , the territory was divided between France and the United Kingdom as League of Nations mandates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1998–99_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 1998-99 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season concluded in the 64-team 1999 NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament whose finals were held at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg , Florida . The Connecticut Huskies earned their first national championship by defeating the Duke Blue Devils 77-74 on March 29 , 1999 . They were coached by Jim Calhoun and the NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player was Richard Hamilton . In the 32-team 1999 National Invitation Tournament , the California Golden Bears defeated the Clemson Tigers at the Madison Square Garden in New York City . Following the season , the 1999 NCAA Men 's Basketball All-American Consensus First team included Elton Brand , Mateen Cleaves , Richard Hamilton , Andre Miller and Jason Terry . The consensus second team was composed of Evan Eschmeyer , Steve Francis , Trajan Langdon , Chris Porter and Wally Szczerbiak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Montgomery_(actor)", "text": "Robert Montgomery ( /mɒntˈɡʌməri/ ; born Henry Montgomery Jr. ; May 21 , 1904 - September 27 , 1981 ) was an American film and television actor , director , and producer . He was also the father of actress Elizabeth Montgomery . He began his acting career on the stage , but was soon hired by MGM . Initially assigned roles in comedies , he soon proved he was able to handle dramatic ones as well . During World War II , he drove ambulances in France until the Dunkirk evacuation . When the United States entered the war on December 8 , 1941 , he enlisted in the Navy , and was present at the invasion at Normandy . After the war , he returned to Hollywood , where he worked in both films and , later , in television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Springfield,_Illinois", "text": "Springfield is the capital of the U.S. state of Illinois and the county seat and largest city of Sangamon County . The city 's population was 116,250 at the 2010 U.S. Census , which makes it the state 's sixth most-populous city , the second largest outside of the Chicago metropolitan area ( after Rockford ) , and the largest in central Illinois . As of 2018 , the city 's population was estimated to have decreased to 114,694 , with just over 211,700 residents living in the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area , which includes Sangamon County and the adjacent Menard County . Present-day Springfield was settled by European Americans in the late 1810s , around the time Illinois became a state . The most famous historic resident was Abraham Lincoln , who lived in Springfield from 1837 until 1861 , when he went to the White House as President . Major tourist attractions include multiple sites connected with Lincoln including his presidential library and museum , his home , and his tomb at Oak Ridge Cemetery . The capital is centrally located within the state . The city lies in a valley and plain near the Sangamon River . Lake Springfield , a large artificial lake owned by the City Water , Light & Power company ( CWLP ) , supplies the city with recreation and drinking water . Weather is fairly typical for middle latitude locations , with hot summers and cold winters . Spring and summer weather is like that of most midwestern cities ; severe thunderstorms may occur . Tornadoes hit the Springfield area in 1957 and 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diana_and_Her_Companions", "text": "Diana and Her Companions is a painting by Dutch artist Johannes Vermeer completed in the early to mid-1650s , now at the Mauritshuis museum in The Hague . Although the exact year is unknown , the work may be the earliest painting of the artist still extant , with some art historians placing it before Christ in the House of Martha and Mary and some after . The painting 's solemn mood is unusual for a scene depicting the goddess Diana , and the nymph washing the central figure 's feet has captured the attention of critics and historians , both for her activity and contemporary clothing . Rather than directly illustrating one of the dramatic moments in well-known episodes from myths about Diana , the scene shows a woman and her attendants quietly at her toilette . The theme of a woman in a private , reflective moment would grow stronger in Vermeer 's paintings as his career progressed . Nothing of the work 's history before the mid-19th century is known , and the painting was not widely accepted as one of Vermeer 's until the early 20th century , when its similarities with Mary and Martha were noticed . About one ninth of the painting 's width has been removed from the right side , and it was not discovered until 1999 or 2000 was that the sky in the upper right-hand corner had been added in the 19th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pierre,_South_Dakota", "text": "Pierre ( /pɪər/ ; Lakota : čhúŋkaške , lit . 'fort ' ) is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the seat of Hughes County . The population was 13,646 at the 2010 census , making it the second-least populous state capital in the United States , following Montpelier , Vermont . It is the eighth-most populous city in South Dakota . Founded in 1880 , it was selected as the state capital when the territory was admitted as a state . Pierre is the principal city of the Pierre Micropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Hughes and Stanley counties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Last_Stage", "text": "The Last Stage ( Polish : Ostatni etap ) is a 1947 Polish feature film directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska , depicting her experiences in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II . The film was one of the earliest cinematic efforts to describe the Holocaust , and it is still quoted extensively by succeeding directors , including Steven Spielberg in Schindler 's List ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint_Mary's_Huskies", "text": "The Saint Mary 's Huskies are the men 's and women 's athletic teams that represent Saint Mary 's University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada . Their primary home turf is Huskies Stadium located in the centre of the University 's campus . In September 2007 , Saint Mary 's announced the plans to build the new Homburg Centre for Health & Wellness that will comprise the current gymnasium ( The Tower ) , the new Dauphinee Arena , and a new building to connect the two . The centre is to be named after Dr. Richard Homburg , who provided a $ 5 million gift to the project , the largest gift the university had received in its 205-year history . The Dauphinee Arena will be built in the current place of the aging Alumni Arena and will have a NHL-sized ice surface and a seating capacity for 1200 . The arena is to be named for the late Mr. Bob Dauphinee who was a strong supporter of the Huskies hockey team for over 50 years . Upon his death in 2001 , Mr. Dauphinee had left an estate gift to the university of $ 2.1 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Salvador", "text": "San Salvador ( Holy Savior ) is the capital and the most populous city of El Salvador and its eponymous department . It is the country 's political , cultural , educational and financial center . The Metropolitan Area of San Salvador which comprises the capital itself and 13 of its municipalities has a population of 2,404,097 . As a beta global city , San Salvador is also an important financial hub of Central America . The city is home to the Concejo de Ministros de El Salvador ( Council of Ministries of El Salvador ) , La Asamblea Legislativa ( The Legislative Assembly of El Salvador ) , the Corte Suprema de Justicia ( The Supreme Court ) , and other governmental institutions , as well as the official residence of the president of the Republic . San Salvador is located in the Salvadoran highlands , surrounded by volcanoes and prone to earthquakes . The city is also home to the Catholic Archdiocese , as well as many Protestant branches of Christianity , including Evangelicals , Latter-day Saints , Baptists , and Pentecostals . San Salvador has the second largest Jewish community in Central America and a small Muslim community . San Salvador has been the host city for various regional and international sporting , political , and social events . It hosted the Central American and Caribbean Games in 1935 and 2002 , and the Central American Games in 1977 and 1994 , as well as the Miss Universe 1975 pageant . San Salvador was also the host city of the 18th Ibero-American Summit , held October 29-31 , 2008 , the most important sociopolitical event in the Spanish and Portuguese sphere . The Central American Integration System ( SICA ) has its headquarters in San Salvador ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashgabat", "text": "Ashgabat ( Turkmen : Aşgabat , pronounced [ ɑʃʁɑˈbɑt ] ) - formerly named Poltoratsk ( Russian : Полтора́цк , IPA : [ pəltɐˈratsk ] ) between 1919 and 1927 , is the capital and the largest city of Turkmenistan . It is situated between the Karakum Desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range in Central Asia . The city was founded in 1881 , and made the capital of the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic in 1924 . Much of the city was destroyed by the 1948 Ashgabat earthquake but has since seen extensively rebuilt under the rule of Saparmurat Niyazovs White City urban renewal project , resulting in monumental projects sheathed in costly white marble . The Soviet-era Karakum Canal runs through the city , carrying waters from the Amu Darya from east to west ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coastal_Carolina_Chanticleers_men's_basketball", "text": "The Coastal Carolina Chanticleers men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents Coastal Carolina University in Conway , South Carolina , United States . The school 's team currently competes in the Sun Belt Conference . Tony Dunkin , a former Chanticleer , is the only men 's basketball player in NCAA Division I history to be named the conference player of the year all four seasons he played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Template:Detroit_TV", "text": "Initial visibility : currently defaults to autocollapse To set this template 's initial visibility , the |state= parameter may be used :"}
{"title": "/wiki/KTPL", "text": "KTPL ( 88.3 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format , carrying programming from the Moody Bible Radio network from Chicago . It was previously branded as Power 88 , which played a blend of upbeat music ranging from Christian CHR artists to Hot 'Praise & Worship ' music . The switch to Moody Bible was made on December 15 , 2008 . Licensed to Pueblo , Colorado , United States , it serves the Pueblo area . The station is currently owned by Educational Communications Of Colorado Springs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_in_film", "text": "The following is an overview of events in 1984 in film , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies and festivals , a list of films released and notable deaths . The year 's highest-grossing film was Beverly Hills Cop . Ghostbusters overtook it , however , with a re-release the following year . It was the first time in five years that the top-grossing film did not involve George Lucas or Steven Spielberg although Spielberg directed the third placed Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and executive produced the fourth placed Gremlins . U.S. boxoffice grosses reached $ 4 billion for the first time and it was the first year that two films had returned over $ 100 million to their distributors with both Ghostbusters and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom achieving this . Beverly Hills Cop made it three for films released in 1984 after its performance during 1985 took it to rentals of $ 108 million . Other popular films included The NeverEnding Story , which was the most expensive film produced in West Germany , The Karate Kid and Romancing the Stone . A high number of sci-fi/fantasy films were released in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Löfbergs_Arena", "text": "Löfbergs Arena is an arena located in Karlstad , Sweden , situated just above the river delta of Klarälven . It is primarily used for ice hockey , and is the home arena of Färjestad BK . It opened in 2001 following a complete overhaul and major expansion of the previously existing arena Färjestads Ishall . It replaced Färjestads Ishall as the home of Färjestad and has a capacity of 8,647 people . The name of the arena comes from the coffee roastery Löfbergs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacha_Distel", "text": "Alexandre Sacha Distel ( 29 January 1933 - 22 July 2004 ) was a French singer , guitarist , and actor who had hits with a cover version of Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head , Scoubidou , and The Good Life . He was made Chevalier ( Knight ) of the Légion d'honneur in 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helmsdale", "text": "Helmsdale ( , ) is a village on the east coast of Sutherland , in the Highland council area of Scotland . The modern village was planned in 1814 to resettle communities that had been removed from the surrounding straths as part of the Highland Clearances ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christchurch_City_Council", "text": "The Christchurch City Council is the local government authority for Christchurch in New Zealand . It is a territorial authority elected to represent the 380,200 people of Christchurch . Since October 2013 , the Mayor of Christchurch is Lianne Dalziel , who succeeded Bob Parker . The council currently consists of 16 councillors elected from sixteen wards , and is presided over by the Mayor , who is elected at large . The number of elected members and ward boundaries changed prior during the 2016 election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikaho,_Akita", "text": "Nikaho ( にかほ市 , Nikaho-shi ) is a city located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . As of 31 December 2019 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 24,291 in 9,371 households , and a population density of 100 persons per km² . The total area of the city is 241.13 square kilometres ( 93.10 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greenlands", "text": "Greenlands is a country house situated by the River Thames in Buckinghamshire , just outside Henley-on-Thames . Built in the nineteenth century , it now forms the core of Greenlands Campus of the University of Reading , and is used by their Henley Business School as the base for its MBA and corporate learning offerings . It has been a Grade II* listed building since 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Essex_(1799)", "text": "The first USS Essex of the United States Navy was a 36-gun or 32-gun sailing frigate that participated in the Quasi-War with France , the First Barbary War , and in the War of 1812 . The British captured her in 1814 and she then served as HMS Essex until sold at public auction on 6 June 1837 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Everton_F.C.", "text": "Everton Football Club ( /ˈɛvərtən/ ) is an English professional football club based in Liverpool that competes in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . The club has competed in the top division for a record 116 seasons and has missed the top division only four times ( 1930-31 , 1951-52 , 1952-53 , and 1953-54 ) since the creation of the Football League , of which it is a founding member . The club has won nine League Championships , five FA Cups , and one UEFA Cup Winners Cup . Formed in 1878 , Everton won its first League Championship during the 1890-91 season . After winning four more League Championships and two FA Cups , the club experienced a post-World War II lull until a revival in the 1960s . A period of sustained success came in the mid-1980s , when Everton won a further two League Championships , one FA Cup , and the 1985 European Cup Winners ' Cup . The club 's most recent major trophy was the 1995 FA Cup . The club 's supporters are colloquially known as Evertonians or Blues . Everton has a rivalry with Liverpool , and the two sides contest the Merseyside derby . The club has been based at Goodison Park in Walton since 1892 , after moving from Anfield following a disagreement over its rent . The club 's home colours are royal blue shirts with white shorts and socks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Merseyside", "text": "Merseyside ( /ˈmɜːrzisaɪd/ MUR-zee-syde ) is a metropolitan county in North West England , with a population of 1.38 million . It encompasses the metropolitan area centred on both banks of the lower reaches of the Mersey Estuary and comprises five metropolitan boroughs : Knowsley , St Helens , Sefton , Wirral , and the city of Liverpool . Merseyside , which was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 , takes its name from the River Mersey . Merseyside spans 249 square miles ( 645 km2 ) of land which border Lancashire ( to the north-east ) , Greater Manchester ( to the east ) , Cheshire ( to the south and south-east ) and the Irish Sea to the west . North Wales is across the Dee Estuary . There is a mix of high density urban areas , suburbs , semi-rural and rural locations in Merseyside , but overwhelmingly the land use is urban . It has a focused central business district , formed by Liverpool City Centre , but Merseyside is also a polycentric county with five metropolitan districts , each of which has at least one major town centre and outlying suburbs . The Liverpool Urban Area is the fifth most populous conurbation in England , and dominates the geographic centre of the county , while the smaller Birkenhead Urban Area dominates the Wirral Peninsula in the south . For the 12 years following 1974 the county had a two-tier system of local government ; district councils shared power with the Merseyside County Council . The county council was abolished in 1986 , and so its districts ( the metropolitan boroughs ) are now effectively unitary authority areas . However , the metropolitan county continues to exist in law and as a geographic frame of reference , and several county-wide services are co-ordinated by authorities and joint-boards , such as Merseytravel ( for public transport ) , Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service and the Merseyside Police ( for law-enforcement ) ; as a ceremonial county , Merseyside has a Lord Lieutenant and a High Sheriff . As the Lancashire county palatine boundaries remain the same as the historic boundaries , the High Sheriff of Merseyside , along with those of Lancashire and Greater Manchester are appointed within the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robbie_Wine", "text": "Robert Paul Wine , Jr. ( born July 13 , 1962 in Norristown , Pennsylvania ) is an American former professional baseball player . A catcher , Wine played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros in 1986 and 1987 . He last played professional baseball in 1990 . He was the head baseball coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions from 2005-2013 . In 2014 , Wine managed the Eugene Emeralds , a minor league team in the San Diego Padres organization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida_Panthers", "text": "The Florida Panthers are a professional ice hockey team based in the Miami metropolitan area . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team initially played their home games at Miami Arena , before moving to the BB & T Center in 1998 . Located in Sunrise , Florida , the Panthers are the southernmost team in the NHL . The team 's local broadcasting rights have been held by Fox Sports Florida ( formerly SportsChannel Florida ) since 1996 . The Panthers began playing in the 1993-94 NHL season . The team has made one appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals , in 1996 , the only season in which the Panthers have ever won a playoff series , eventually losing the Finals to the Colorado Avalanche . Since then , the Panthers have only qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs four times , never advancing past the first round , since 1996 . The club is affiliated with one minor league team , the Springfield Thunderbirds of the American Hockey League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barbara_Garrick", "text": "Barbara Garrick is an American actress . Garrick has appeared on stage , television and in film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1940_NFL_season", "text": "The 1940 NFL season was the 21st regular season of the National Football League . The season ended when the Chicago Bears defeated the Washington Redskins in the NFL Championship Game , 73-0 . This game still stands as the most one-sided victory in NFL history . The Pittsburgh Pirates were renamed the Pittsburgh Steelers before the 1940 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Gelley", "text": "Thomas Fraser Gelley ( December 27 , 1860 - March 11 , 1939 ) was an accountant , farmer and political figure in Manitoba . He represented Cartier from 1886 to 1892 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Conservative and then Liberal . He was born in Lévis , Quebec , the son of Joseph Edmond Gelley , and was educated at Levis Commercial College . Gelley came to Manitoba in 1882 , settling on a farm in St. Norbert . He served as a justice of the peace there . Gelley later worked in Winnipeg as an accountant . He was married twice : first to Elizabeth Ann Gallie in 1883 and then to Frances Patricia Dowling in 1925 . When Premier Thomas Greenway named francophone James Prendergast to his cabinet in 1888 , Gelley threw his support behind the Liberals . After leaving politics , Gelley worked as a clerk for the Department of Immigration and Colonziation in Winnipeg from 1899 until his retirement in 1931 . He died at home in Ste . Anne des Chenes at the age of 78 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Warriors", "text": "The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in San Francisco . The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division . Founded in 1946 in Philadelphia , the Warriors moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1962 and took the city 's name , before changing its geographic moniker to Golden State in 1971 . [ b ] They play their home games at the Chase Center . The Warriors won the inaugural Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) championship in 1947 , [ c ] and won again in 1956 , led by Hall of Fame trio Paul Arizin , Tom Gola , and Neil Johnston . After a brief rebuilding period after the trade of star Wilt Chamberlain , the team moved to San Francisco . In 1975 , star players Jamaal Wilkes and Rick Barry powered the Warriors to their third championship , largely considered one of the biggest upsets in NBA history . The team struggled in the 1980s , then became playoff regulars at the turn of the decade with stars Tim Hardaway , Mitch Richmond , and Chris Mullin , nicknamed Run TMC . The team returned to championship glory in 2015 , led by Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , and Draymond Green ; they won again in 2017 and 2018 , with the help of former MVP Kevin Durant . Nicknamed the Dubs as a shortening of W 's , the Warriors hold several NBA records : best regular season , most wins in a season ( regular season and postseason combined ) , and best postseason run . Curry and Thompson are among the greatest backcourts of all time . Only the Los Angeles Lakers and Boston Celtics have more NBA championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bunker_Hill,_Los_Angeles", "text": "Bunker Hill is a historic prominence that separated Downtown Los Angeles from the city to the west before the hill was tunneled through at Second Street in 1924 . In the late 20th century , the hill was lowered in elevation , and the entire area was redeveloped to supplant old frame and concrete buildings with modern high-rises and other structures for residences , commerce , entertainment , and education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CTWM", "text": "In Unix computing , CTWM ( Claude 's Tab Window Manager ) is a stacking window manager for the X Window System in the twm family of window managers . It was created in 1992 by Claude Lecommandeur from the source code for twm , which he extended to allow for virtual desktops ( workspaces in CTWM 's terminology . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_in_film", "text": "2004 in film is an overview of events , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies , festivals , a list of country-specific lists of films released , notable deaths and film debuts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manastir_Vilayet", "text": "The Vilayet of Manastir ( , Vilâyet-i Manastır ) was a first-level administrative division ( vilayet ) of the Ottoman Empire , created in 1874 , dissolved in 1877 and re-established in 1879 . The vilayet was occupied during the First Balkan War in 1912 and divided between the Kingdom of Greece and the Kingdom of Serbia , with some parts later becoming part of the newly established Principality of Albania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Takuma_Sato", "text": "Takuma Sato ( 佐藤 琢磨 , Satō Takuma , born 28 January 1977 ) is a Japanese professional racing driver . Sato has raced full-time in the IndyCar Series since 2010 for the Honda-powered KV , Rahal , Foyt , Andretti , and again starting from 2018 , the Rahal teams . Sato won the 2017 Indianapolis 500 , becoming the first Asian driver to win the Indy 500 . He also became the first Japanese driver to win an IndyCar race when he won the 2013 Grand Prix of Long Beach . He competed in Formula One from 2002 to 2008 for the Honda-powered Jordan , BAR and Super Aguri teams , scoring a single podium at the 2004 United States Grand Prix . His 8th-place finish in the 2004 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship is the best-ever result for a Japanese driver in the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lamont_Johnson", "text": "Ernest Lamont Johnson Jr. ( September 30 , 1922 - October 24 , 2010 ) was an American actor and film director who has appeared in and directed many television shows and movies . He won two Emmy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avro_Lancaster", "text": "The Avro Lancaster is a British Second World War heavy bomber . It was designed and manufactured by Avro as a contemporary of the Handley Page Halifax , both bombers having been developed to the same specification , as well as the Short Stirling , all three aircraft being four-engined heavy bombers adopted by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the same wartime era . The Lancaster has its origins in the twin-engine Avro Manchester which had been developed during the late 1930s in response to the Air Ministry Specification P.13/36 for a capable medium bomber for world-wide use . Originally developed as an evolution of the Manchester ( which had proved troublesome in service and was retired in 1942 ) , the Lancaster was designed by Roy Chadwick and powered by four Rolls-Royce Merlins and in one version , Bristol Hercules engines . It first saw service with RAF Bomber Command in 1942 and as the strategic bombing offensive over Europe gathered momentum , it was the main aircraft for the night-time bombing campaigns that followed . As increasing numbers of the type were produced , it became the principal heavy bomber used by the RAF , the RCAF and squadrons from other Commonwealth and European countries serving within the RAF , overshadowing the Halifax and Stirling . A long , unobstructed bomb bay meant that the Lancaster could take the largest bombs used by the RAF , including the 4,000 lb ( 1,800 kg ) , 8,000 lb ( 3,600 kg ) and 12,000 lb ( 5,400 kg ) blockbusters , loads often supplemented with smaller bombs or incendiaries . The Lanc , as it was known colloquially , became one of the most heavily used of the Second World War night bombers , delivering 608,612 long tons of bombs in 156,000 sorties . The versatility of the Lancaster was such that it was chosen to equip 617 Squadron and was modified to carry the Upkeep Bouncing bomb designed by Barnes Wallis for Operation Chastise , the attack on German Ruhr valley dams . Although the Lancaster was primarily a night bomber , it excelled in many other roles , including daylight precision bombing , for which some Lancasters were adapted to carry the 12,000 lb ( 5,400 kg ) Tallboy and then the 22,000 lb ( 10,000 kg ) Grand Slam earthquake bombs ( also designed by Wallis ) . This was the largest payload of any bomber in the war . In 1943 , a Lancaster was converted to become an engine test bed for the Metropolitan-Vickers F.2 turbojet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Don't_Tell_the_Bride", "text": "Do n't Tell the Bride is a British reality television series . The premise of the series surrounds couples being awarded money to fund their wedding ceremony ; however , every aspect of the ceremony must be organised by the groom , with no contact with the bride ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1964_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1964 Summer Olympics , 16 wrestling events were contested , for all men . There were eight weight classes in Greco-Roman wrestling and eight classes in freestyle wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cafe_tacuba", "text": "Café Tacuba ( stylized Café Tacvba ) is a band from Ciudad Satélite , Mexico . The group gained popularity in the early 1990s . They were founded in 1989 , before they had the current lineup of Rubén Isaac Albarrán Ortega ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Emmanuel del Real Díaz ( keyboards , piano , programming , rhythm guitar , melodica , vocals ) , José Alfredo Joselo Rangel Arroyo ( lead guitar , vocals ) , and Enrique Quique Rangel Arroyo : ( bass guitar , electric upright bass , vocals ) , their friend Roberto Silva played the keyboards for a short period of time . Mexican folk music player Alejandro Flores was for a time considered the 5th tacubo , as he played the violin in almost every Café Tacvba concert for many years . Since the Cuatro Caminos World Tour , Luis El Children Ledezma has played the drums in every concert but is not considered an official member of the band ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manufacture", "text": "Manufacturing is the production of products for use or sale using labor and machines , tools , chemical or biological processing or formulation and is the essence of secondary industry . The term may refer to a range of human activity from handicraft to high tech but is most commonly applied to industrial design , in which raw materials from primary industry are transformed into finished goods on a large scale . Such finished goods may be sold to other manufacturers for the production of other more complex products ( such as aircraft , household appliances , furniture , sports equipment or automobiles ) , or distributed via the tertiary industry to end users and consumers ( usually through wholesalers , who in turn sell to retailers , who then sell them to individual customers ) . Manufacturing engineering or manufacturing process are the steps through which raw materials are transformed into a final product . The manufacturing process begins with the product design , and materials specification from which the product is made . These materials are then modified through manufacturing processes to become the required part . Modern manufacturing includes all intermediate processes required in the production and integration of a product 's components . Some industries , such as semiconductor and steel manufacturers use the term fabrication instead . The manufacturing sector is closely connected with engineering and industrial design . Examples of major manufacturers in North America include General Motors Corporation , General Electric , Procter & Gamble , General Dynamics , Boeing , Pfizer , and Precision Castparts . Examples in Europe include Volkswagen Group , Siemens , FCA and Michelin . Examples in Asia include Toyota , Yamaha , Panasonic , LG , Samsung and Tata Motors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hoy_Ya_Me_Voy", "text": "Hoy Ya Me Voy ( Today I Leave ) is an award-winning , Latin Pop song and the first single of Puerto Rican new artist Kany García , from her debut album Cualquier Día . The song has received heavy airplay in Puerto Rico . The song received a nomination for the Latin Grammy Song of the Year . A new version of the song was included in Kany 's self-titled album Kany García , a duet with Kany 's musical godfather , Franco De Vita ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Defense", "text": "The United States Department of Defense ( DoD , USDOD or DOD ) is an executive branch department of the federal government charged with coordinating and supervising all agencies and functions of the government directly related to national security and the United States Armed Forces . The DoD is the largest employer in the world , with nearly 1.3 million active-duty service members ( soldiers , marines , sailors and airmen ) as of 2016 . More employees include over 826,000 National Guard and Reservists from the armed forces , and over 732,000 civilians bringing the total to over 2.8 million employees . Headquartered at the Pentagon in Arlington , Virginia , just outside Washington , D.C. , the DoD 's stated mission is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and ensure our nation 's security . The Department of Defense is headed by the Secretary of Defense , a cabinet-level head who reports directly to the President of the United States . Beneath the Department of Defense are three subordinate military departments : the Department of the Army , the Department of the Navy , and the Department of the Air Force . In addition , four national intelligence services are subordinate to the Department of Defense : the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) , and the National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) . Other Defense agencies include the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the Strategic Capabilities Office ( SCO ) , the Defense Logistics Agency ( DLA ) , the Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) , the Defense Health Agency ( DHA ) , Defense Threat Reduction Agency ( DTRA ) , the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency ( formerly the DSS ) , and the Pentagon Force Protection Agency ( PFPA ) , all of which are subordinate to the Secretary of Defense . Additionally , the Defense Contract Management Agency ( DCMA ) delivers actionable acquisition intelligence , from factory floor to the warfighter . Military operations are managed by eleven regional or functional Unified combatant commands . The Department of Defense also operates several joint services schools , including the Eisenhower School ( ES ) and the National War College ( NWC ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jorge_Drexler", "text": "Jorge Abner Drexler Prada ( born September 21 , 1964 ) is a Uruguayan musician , actor and doctor specializing in otolaryngology . In 2004 , Drexler won wide acclaim after becoming the first Uruguayan to win an Academy Award , which he won for composing the song Al Otro Lado del Río from The Motorcycle Diaries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Youssef_Biaz", "text": "Youssef Biaz ( born June 14 , 1994 ) is a spoken word artist and Google software engineer from Auburn , Alabama . He was the 2011 national champion of the poetry recitation contest Poetry Out Loud . Biaz began competing in the competition in 2010 as a junior at Auburn High School under the direction of coach Davis Thompson . He won the state championship and competed at the national competition in Washington D.C . He finished the 2010 competition as one of the nine finalists . Biaz competed again in 2011 as a senior at Auburn High . He became the recurring state champion and returned to the national competition . Biaz finished the finals on Friday , April 29 with the poem Filling Station by Elizabeth Bishop . Biaz won the competition and received a reward of $ 20,000 as well as a $ 500 stipend for Auburn High School for the purchase of poetry books . Biaz was invited to a celebration of poetry at the White House attended by President Barack Obama on May 11 , 2011 . He recited the poem Mrs. Kirkorian by Sharon Olds . Other performers present included Billy Collins , Steve Martin , and Common ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steven_Best", "text": "Steven Best ( born December 1955 ) is an American writer , speaker , public intellectual , and activist with 30 years work in diverse social movements , such as animal rights , species extinction , human overpopulation , ecological crisis , biotechnology , liberation politics , terrorism , mass media and culture , globalization , and capitalist domination . He is Associate Professor of Humanities and Philosophy at the University of Texas , El Paso . Best has published 13 books and over 200 articles and reviews ( translated into numerous languages ) , spoken in nearly two dozen countries , interviewed with media throughout the world , appeared in numerous documentaries , and in 2007 was voted by VegNewsas one of the nations 25 Most Fascinating Vegetarians . He is co-author ( with UCLA Professor Douglas Kellner ) of a trilogy of postmodern studies ( Postmodern Theory : Critical Interrogation ; The Postmodern Turn : Paradigms Shifts in Art , Theory , and Science ; and The Postmodern Adventure : Science , Technology , and Cultural Studies at the Third Millennium ( Guilford Press , 1991 , 1997 , 2001 ) . More recently , he introduced and co-edited four anthologies : Terrorists or Freedom Fighters ? Reflections on the Liberation of Animals ( Lantern Books , 2004 ) ; Igniting a Revolution : Voices in Defense of the Earth ( AK Press , 2006 ) ; Academic Repression : Reflections on the Academic-Industrial Complex ( AK Press , 2010 ) ; and The Global Industrial Complex : Systems of Domination ( Rowman & Littlefield 2011 ) . His most recent book is entitled : The Politics of Total Liberation : Revolution for the 21st Century ( Rowman & Littlefield , 2014 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1999–2000_New_Jersey_Devils_season", "text": "The 1999-2000 New Jersey Devils season was the franchise 's 18th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to New Jersey . After firing head coach Robbie Ftorek on March 23 , the team won their second Stanley Cup championship on June 10 , 2000 in a double-overtime victory in Game 6 of the 2000 Stanley Cup Finals against the Dallas Stars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skellefteå", "text": "Skellefteå ( Swedish : [ ɧɛˈlɛ̌ftɛɔ ] , locally [ ʂɛˈlɛ̌ftɛ ] ( listen ) ) is a city and the seat of Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County , Sweden , with 32,775 inhabitants in 2010 . The municipality had approximately 72,000 inhabitants at the end of 2013 . The city is a historically industrial city with mining being a large industry , especially for gold - hence the nickname Gold Town . Politically it is a Social Democratic stronghold . The city is a well-known ice hockey town , with its main team Skellefteå AIK playing in the Swedish top division : the SHL , which they have won on several occasions . The city was incorporated in 1845 and grew to its current population size mostly in the 1950s and 1960s , growing only slowly since . It is the second largest city in Västerbotten after Umeå and is located roughly halfway between it and Luleå . The Skellefte River passes through the city and it is located around 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) from the Bothnian Bay open sea . Skellefteå is served by Skellefteå Airport , abbreviated as SKF locally known as Falmark because of the village nearby , also around 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) from the city centre to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dent_County,_Missouri", "text": "Dent County is a county in Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 15,657 . The largest city and county seat is Salem . The county was officially organized on February 10 , 1851 and is named after state representative Lewis Dent , a pioneer settler who arrived in Missouri from Virginia in 1835 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivy_Williamson", "text": "Ivan B. Ivy Williamson ( February 4 , 1911 - February 19 , 1969 ) was a player and coach of American football and basketball , and a college athletics administrator . He played college football and basketball at the University of Michigan from 1930 to 1932 and was captain of the national champion 1932 Michigan football team . He was an assistant football coach at Yale University ( 1934-1941 , 1945-1946 ) and the head football coach at Lafayette College ( 1947-1948 ) and the University of Wisconsin-Madison ( 1949-1955 ) . He served as the athletic director at Wisconsin from 1955 to 1969 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_Lost_Sheep", "text": "The Parable of the Lost Sheep is one of the parables of Jesus . It appears in the Gospels of Matthew ( Matthew 18:12-14 ) and Luke ( Luke 15:3-7 ) . It is about a shepherd who leaves his flock of ninety-nine sheep in order to find the one which is lost . It is the first member of a trilogy about redemption that Jesus tells after the Pharisees and religious leaders accuse him of welcoming and eating with sinners . The two parables that follow ( in Luke 's Gospel ) are those of the Lost Coin and the Prodigal Son . The parable of the Good shepherd , a pericope found in John 10:1-21 , derives from it Matthew . [ according to whom ? ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sika_AG", "text": "Sika Group is a Swiss specialty chemical company that supplies to the building sector and motor vehicle industry , headquartered in Baar , Switzerland . The company develops and produces systems and products for bonding , sealing , damping , reinforcing , and protecting . Currently , it has over 25,000 employees , subsidiaries in more than 100 countries , and an annual sales turnover of CHF 8.1 billion . Sika was founded in 1910 when Kaspar Winkler laid the cornerstone for the firm . Winkler worked himself up from poverty to become a successful entrepreneur , and by the 1920s he was already engaged in founding subsidiaries abroad . Besides the brand Sika , more than 900 product brands are in use including Sikaflex , SikaTack , Sika ViscoCrete , SikaBond , Sikafloor , Sika CarboDur Sikagard , Sika MaxTack , Sikaplan , Sikament , Sikadur , SikaLastic , SikaRoof MTC , Sika Unitherm and Sika Sarnafil . In 2019 , Sika acquired PAREX Group , a global company headquartered in France with more than 4,500 employees and 1,034 million € on revenues . Sika AG is the legal entity for the holding company , which includes the Sika organizations worldwide , Sika Technology AG ( Research and Development ) and Sika Services AG ( Corporate functions supporting all organizations worldwide ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iliad_SA", "text": "Iliad S.A. is a French provider of telecommunication services . It is based in Paris and its operations comprise fixed and mobile telephony services , prepaid phone cards and internet access providing and hosting services . The company was founded by Xavier Niel in 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hansteen_(crater)", "text": "Hansteen is a lunar impact crater that lies near the southwest edge of the Oceanus Procellarum . To the southeast is the flooded crater Billy . The rim of Hansteen is somewhat polygonal in form , especially along the eastern side . There are a few terraces along the northwestern inner wall . The inner floor contains several ridges , hills , and some grooves , many of which parallel the outer rim . There is a flat patch of lower-albedo material in the northeast part of the interior . Paralleling the southwest outer wall is the brief rille designated Rima Hansteen , a formation with a length of about 25 kilometers . To the southeast of the crater rises Mons Hansteen , or Hansteen Alpha ( α ) . This is roughly triangular in shape and occupies an area about 30 km across on the mare . This feature is younger than Hansteen crater and is thought to be an extrusion of volcanic material ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sites_of_Japan’s_Meiji_Industrial_Revolution:_Iron_and_Steel,_Shipbuilding_and_Coal_Mining", "text": "Sites of Japan 's Meiji Industrial Revolution : Iron and Steel , Shipbuilding and Coal Mining ( 明治日本の産業革命遺産 製鉄・鉄鋼、造船、石炭産業 , Meiji nihon no sangyōkakumei isan : seitetsu , tekkō , zōsen , sekitan sangyō ) are a group of historic sites that played an important part in the industrialization of Japan in the Bakumatsu and Meiji periods , and are part of the industrial heritage of Japan . In 2009 the monuments were submitted jointly for inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage List under criteria ii , iii , and iv . The sites were accepted at the 39th UNESCO World Heritage session . Eight areas are registered , with thirty component sites :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bankstown_Airport", "text": "Bankstown Airport ( IATA : BWU , ICAO : YSBK ) is an airport and business park located in the Canterbury-Bankstown area , approximately 26 km ( 16 mi ) from the Sydney Central Business District ( CBD ) , Australia and 17 km ( 11 mi ) west of Sydney Airport . It is situated on 313 ha ( 770 acres ) of land and has three parallel runways , several apron areas , a small passenger terminal and a business park , home to more than 160 businesses . The airport , is home to numerous fixed-wing and helicopter flying schools and also caters to charter and private business flights , freight , aeromedical services , recreational flights , aircraft maintenance businesses , private aircraft and emergency services . Bankstown Airport operates 24 hours a day , with limitations placed on night circuit training . The airport 's air traffic control tower is listed on the Commonwealth Heritage List ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Five_Star", "text": "Five Star ( also styled as 5 Star ) are a British pop group , formed in 1983 and comprising siblings Stedman , Lorraine , Denise , Doris and Delroy Pearson . Between 1985 and 1988 , Five Star had four Top 20 albums and 15 Top 40 singles in the UK , including the Top 10 hits System Addict ( 1986 ) , Ca n't Wait Another Minute ( 1986 ) , Find the Time ( 1986 ) , Rain or Shine ( 1986 ) , Stay Out of My Life ( 1987 ) and The Slightest Touch ( 1987 ) . They won the 1987 Brit Award for Best British Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrewsville,_Delaware", "text": "Andrewville is an unincorporated community in Kent County , Delaware . Its elevation is 56 ft ( 17m ) and is located at 38°51′41″N 75°38′06″W / 38.86139°N 75.63500°W / 38.86139 ; -75.63500 . It is located west of Farmington on Andrewville Road . The Bethel Methodist Protestant Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Smokey_Robinson", "text": "William Smokey Robinson Jr. ( born February 19 , 1940 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former record executive . Robinson was the founder and frontman of the Motown vocal group the Miracles , for which he was also chief songwriter and producer . Robinson led the group from its 1955 origins as the Five Chimes until 1972 , when he announced a retirement from the group to focus on his role as Motown 's vice president . However , Robinson returned to the music industry as a solo artist the following year . Following the sale of Motown Records in 1988 , Robinson left the company in 1990 . Robinson was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 , and was awarded the 2016 Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for his lifetime contributions to popular music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loomis_Visitor_Center,_Bldg._43", "text": "The Loomis Museum , also known as the Loomis Visitor Center , the Manzanita Lake Visitor Center and the Manzanita Lake Museum , was built by Benjamin Franklin Loomis in 1927 near Manzanita Lake , just outside Lassen Volcanic National Park in California , USA . Loomis was a local homesteader and photographer who documented the 1915 eruptions of Lassen Peak , and was instrumental in the 1916 establishment of the national park . In 1929 Loomis donated the museum and 40 acres ( 16 ha ) of surrounding lands to the National Park Service , which since then has used the structure as an interpretational facility . Loomis had desired that the headquarters of the new park be established at Manzanita Lake , but an alternate site was chosen by the Park Service . Loomis and his wife Estella started building their own museum to exhibit photographs taken by Loomis and others , as well as geological exhibits and artifacts of local Native Americans . The building was dedicated on July 4 , 1927 as the Mae Loomis Memorial Museum , named after their only child , Luisa Mae Loomis , who had died in 1920 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crystal_Palace_F.C.", "text": "Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in Selhurst , South London , England . They currently compete in the Premier League , the highest level of English football . The club play their home matches at Selhurst Park . The club 's historic origins can be traced as far back as 1854 , when the famous Crystal Palace Exhibition building had been relocated from Hyde Park , London and rebuilt in an area of South London next to Sydenham Hill . This area was renamed Crystal Palace which included the Crystal Palace Park that surrounded the site where various sports facilities were built . It was here that the earliest known Crystal Palace team first played as an amateur outfit in 1861 . They competed in the first ever FA Cup competition in 1871-72 , reaching the semi-finals where they lost to the Royal Engineers . In 1895 , the Crystal Palace Company who owned the Palace building began hosting the FA Cup Final inside its grounds . It was ten years later that the owners decided to form a new professional Palace club to play at the Cup Final venue . They stayed here until 1915 , when the club were forced to leave due to the outbreak of the First World War . In 1924 , they moved to their current home at Selhurst Park . Palace joined the Football League in 1920 , and have overall spent the majority of their league history competing in the top two tiers of English football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_Vaughan_(politician)", "text": "Joseph James Vaughan ( 1878 - fl.1938 ) was a British politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado_Rockies", "text": "The Colorado Rockies are an American professional baseball team based in Denver , Colorado . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) West division . The team 's home venue is Coors Field , located in the Lower Downtown area of Denver . The team is owned by the Monfort brothers and managed by Bud Black . The Rockies began play as an expansion team for the 1993 season , and played their home games for their first two seasons at Mile High Stadium . Since 1995 , they have played at Coors Field , which has earned a reputation as a hitter 's park . The Rockies have qualified for the postseason five times , each time as a Wild Card winner . In 2007 , the team earned its first ( and only ) NL pennant after winning 14 of their final 15 games in the regular season to secure a Wild Card position . In the 2007 World Series , they were swept by the American League ( AL ) champions Boston Red Sox in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Bethlehem_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania", "text": "North Bethlehem Township is a township in Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States . The population was 1,631 at the 2010 census . The residents of the township are part of the Bentworth School District with schools located in nearby Bentleyville and Ellsworth boroughs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ringgold,_Louisiana", "text": "Ringgold is a town in Bienville Parish , Louisiana , United States . The population was 1,495 at the 2010 census . Ringgold is named for United States Army Major Samuel Ringgold . It is unlikely that René-Robert Cavelier , Sieur de La Salle in his 1687 journey into Louisiana ever set foot in Bienville Parish . In 1690 , the Ringgold area was explored by the scout Domingo Terán de los Ríos , whom the government of Mexico sent to determine the extent of the holdings of the Caddo Indians . He was considered the first white leader to sight what became the man-made Lake Bistineau . A priest with the expedition , Father Masinettes , established Mission Loretteto . De los Rios was thereafter from 1891 to 1892 the first governor of Spanish Texas . In November 1933 , C. E. Tomme ( 1882-1948 ) , a telephone executive who was previously a county commissioner of Newton County in East Texas , was appointed mayor of Ringgold by Governor Oscar K. Allen . Tomme , who relocated to Ringgold in 1920 , filled the position vacated by his fellow Democrat , Walter McDowell . Tomme previously served on the Bienville Parish School Board and the parish Democratic Executive Committee . In the spring of 1934 , Tomme won election to the post , 86-66 , over Dave Thomas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roland_Nilsson", "text": "Roland Nilsson ( born 27 November 1963 ) is a Swedish football manager . As a player , Nilsson played 116 games for Sweden , making him the sixth most capped player in the Swedish national team . He also won the UEFA Cup and played in the semi-finals of the World Cup , the European Championships , and the European Cup during a playing career lasting over two decades . He won his first major honour as a manager in 2010 with Malmö FF when the team won Allsvenskan . On 1 April 2011 FC Copenhagen confirmed Nilsson as the club 's new manager to replace Ståle Solbakken who left Copenhagen to become manager of 1 . FC Köln in the summer of 2011 . Nilsson joined F.C . Copenhagen on 1 June 2011 but was sacked after six months on 9 January 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Julia_Louis-Dreyfus", "text": "Julia Scarlett E Louis-Dreyfus Hall ( /ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs/ ; born January 13 , 1961 ) is an American actress , comedian , producer , and singer . She is known for her work in the television comedy series Saturday Night Live ( 1982-1985 ) , Seinfeld ( 1989-1998 ) , The New Adventures of Old Christine ( 2006-2010 ) , and Veep ( 2012-2019 ) . She is one of the most awarded actresses in American television history , winning more Emmy Awards and more Screen Actors Guild Awards than any other performer ( eight of the Emmy Awards were for acting , tying Cloris Leachman for the most acting wins ) . Louis-Dreyfus broke into comedy as a performer in The Practical Theatre Company in Chicago , Illinois , which led to her casting in the sketch show Saturday Night Live from 1982 to 1985 . Her breakthrough came in 1989 with a nine-season run playing Elaine Benes on Seinfeld , one of the most critically and commercially successful sitcoms of all time . Other notable television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine , which had a five-season run on CBS , and her role as Selina Meyer in Veep , which ran for seven seasons on HBO . Her film roles include Hannah and Her Sisters ( 1986 ) , National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation ( 1989 ) , Deconstructing Harry ( 1997 ) , and Enough Said ( 2013 ) . She also voiced roles in the animated films A Bug 's Life ( 1998 ) , Planes ( 2013 ) and the upcoming Onward ( 2020 ) . Louis-Dreyfus has received eleven Emmy Awards , eight for acting and three for producing , with a total of 24 nominations throughout her career . She has also received a Golden Globe Award , nine Screen Actors Guild Awards , five American Comedy Awards , and two Critics ' Choice Television Awards . Louis-Dreyfus received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010 , and was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 2014 . In 2016 , Time named Louis-Dreyfus as one of the 100 most influential people in the world on the annual Time 100 list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Tigers", "text": "The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit , Michigan . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) Central division . One of the AL 's eight charter franchises , the club was founded in Detroit as a member of the minor league Western League in 1894 and is the only Western League team still in its original city . They are also the oldest continuous one name , one city franchise in the AL . Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901 , the Tigers have won four World Series championships ( 1935 , 1945 , 1968 , and 1984 ) , 11 AL pennants ( 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1934 , 1935 , 1940 , 1945 , 1968 , 1984 , 2006 , 2012 ) , and four AL Central division championships ( 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 ) . They also won division titles in 1972 , 1984 , and 1987 as a member of the AL East . The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit . The Tigers constructed Bennett Park at the corner of Michigan Avenue and Trumbull Avenue in Corktown ( just west of Downtown Detroit ) and began playing there in 1896 . In 1912 , the team moved into Navin Field , which was built on the same location . It was expanded in 1938 and renamed Briggs Stadium . It was renamed Tiger Stadium in 1961 and the Tigers played there until moving to Comerica Park in 2000 . From 1901 to 2019 , the Tigers ' overall win-loss record is 9,346-9,191 ( a winning percentage of .504 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1984 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 4 , after the conclusion of the 1983-84 NHL season . The playoffs concluded on May 19 with the Edmonton Oilers defeating the four time defending champion New York Islanders 5-2 to win the Stanley Cup Finals four games to one , the franchise 's first Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louise_Dresser", "text": "Louise Dresser ( born Louise Josephine Kerlin ; October 5 , 1878 - April 24 , 1965 ) was an American actress . She is perhaps best known for her roles in the many films in which she played the wife of Will Rogers , including State Fair and David Harum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brandon_City_(electoral_district)", "text": "Brandon City is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba , Canada . It was initially created as Brandon in 1881 , following the westward expansion of Manitoba 's boundaries . It was eliminated through redistribution before the 1886 provincial election , and replaced with Brandon East and Brandon West . The area was further redistributed prior to the 1888 election , and Brandon City was created along with Brandon North and Brandon South . The constituency was renamed Brandon for the 1958 provincial election . It disappeared from the electoral map with the 1969 provincial election , when the city was once again divided into Brandon East and Brandon West ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_Plaikner", "text": "Walter Plaikner ( born 24 October 1951 in Kiens , South Tyrol ) is an Italian former luger and coach of Austrian descent [ citation needed ] who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s . He was a doubles specialist , and competed alongside Paul Hildgartner . They won the gold medal in the men 's doubles event ( shared with the East German pairing of Horst Hörnlein and Reinhard Bredow ) at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo . Plaikner also competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck , where he finished 11th in the doubles after suffering from a severe bout of flu . He retired from competition after the Games . Plaikner won two medals in the men 's doubles events at the FIL World Luge Championships with a gold in 1971 and a bronze in 1973 . He and Hildgartner also won two gold medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL European Luge Championships ( 1971 , 1974 ) . After his retirement , Plaikner became a coach , working in Japan until 1998 and then in the United States to 2002 . That year he was appointed as head coach of the Italian national luge team : he remained in this position until the end of April 2013 , when he left the role after disputes about the quality of materials he produced for the construction of sleds . Later that year he became head coach of the Russian luge team with a focus on preparations for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia . In 2016 he rejoined the coaching staff of the Italian team . In 2007 , Plaikner was appointed Chairman of the Technical Commission for Artificial Track of the International Luge Federation ( FIL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drake_(entertainer)", "text": "Aubrey Drake Graham ( born October 24 , 1986 ) is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , producer , actor , and businessman . Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi : The Next Generation in the 2000s ; intent on pursuing a career in music , he left the series in 2007 after releasing his debut mixtape Room for Improvement . He released two further independent projects , Comeback Season and So Far Gone , before signing to Young Money Entertainment in June 2009 . Drake released his debut studio album Thank Me Later in 2010 , which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 and was soon certified platinum . His next two releases , 2011 's Take Care and 2013 's Nothing Was the Same , were critically and commercially successful ; the former earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album . In 2015 , he released two mixtapes - the trap-influenced If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late and a collaboration with Future titled What a Time to Be Alive - both of which earned platinum certification in the U.S. His fourth album , Views ( 2016 ) , broke several chart records . The dancehall-influenced album sat atop the Billboard 200 for 13 nonconsecutive weeks , becoming the first album by a male solo artist to do so in over a decade . The album 's second single , One Dance , topped the charts in several countries , and became his first number-one single as a lead artist . That year , Drake led both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Billboard 200 charts simultaneously for eight weeks . Views achieved quadruple platinum status in the US , and earned over 1 million album-equivalent units in the first week of its release , and became Drake 's best-selling album to date . Its lead single Hotline Bling peaked at number two on the Hot 100 and received Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Performance and Best Rap Song . In 2017 , he released the playlist More Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mother_Mother", "text": "Mother Mother is a Canadian indie rock band based in Vancouver , British Columbia . The band consists of Ryan Guldemond on guitar and vocals , Molly Guldemond on vocals and keyboard , Jasmin Parkin on keyboard and vocals , Ali Siadat on drums , and Mike Young on bass . Longtime bassist Jeremy Page left the band in 2016 . In 2005 , they independently released their self-titled debut album under the band name Mother . They later changed their name to Mother Mother , and re-released the album on Last Gang Records in 2007 . Retitled Touch Up , the reissue also featured several new songs . The band 's second album , O My Heart , was released on September 16 , 2008 ; their third album , Eureka , was released on March 15 , 2011 ; their fourth album , The Sticks , was released on September 18 , 2012 ; and their fifth album , Very Good Bad Thing was released on November 4 , 2014 , with an American release of April 7 , 2015 , on Def Jam Recordings . Their sixth album , No Culture , was released on February 10 , 2017 , with yet another Def Jam Recordings release in the US . The seventh and newest album , Dance and Cry was released November 2 , 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Fukai", "text": "Trust Company ( also typeset as TRUSTcompany and TRUST*CO ) is an American alternative metal band from Prattville , Alabama , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mariah_Carey", "text": "Mariah Carey ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , actress and entrepreneur . Referred to as the Songbird Supreme by the Guinness World Records , she is noted for her five-octave vocal range , melismatic singing style , signature use of the whistle register , and songwriting prowess . She rose to fame in 1990 after signing to Columbia Records and releasing her eponymous debut album , which topped the U.S . Billboard 200 for eleven consecutive weeks . Soon after , Carey became the only artist ever to have their first five singles reach number one on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart , from Vision of Love to Emotions . Carey achieved worldwide success with follow-up R & B and pop albums Music Box ( 1993 ) , Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) , and Daydream ( 1995 ) . These albums spawned some of Carey 's most successful singles , including Hero , Without You , All I Want for Christmas Is You , Fantasy , Always Be My Baby , as well as One Sweet Day , which later became Billboard 's Song Of The Decade ( 1990s ) . After separating from Mottola , Carey adopted a new image and incorporated more elements of hip hop into her music with the release of Butterfly ( 1997 ) . Billboard named her the country 's most successful artist of the 1990s , while the World Music Awards honored her as the world 's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s , and the best-selling female artist of the millennium . After eleven consecutive years charting a U.S. number-one single , Carey parted ways with Columbia in 2000 and signed a $ 100 million recording contract with Virgin Records . However , following her highly publicized physical and emotional breakdown , as well as the critical and commercial failure of her film Glitter ( 2001 ) and its accompanying soundtrack , her contract was bought out for $ 50 million by Virgin and she signed with Island Records the next year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sesame_Street", "text": "Sesame Street is an American educational children 's television series that combines live action , sketch comedy , animation and puppetry . It is produced by Sesame Workshop ( known as the Children 's Television Workshop ( CTW ) until June 2000 ) and was created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett . The program is known for its images communicated through the use of Jim Henson 's Muppets , and includes short films , with humor and cultural references . The series premiered on November 10 , 1969 , to positive reviews , some controversy , and high viewership ; it has aired on the U.S. 's national public television provider PBS since its debut , with its first run moving to premium channel HBO on January 16 , 2016 . The format of Sesame Street consists of a combination of commercial television production elements and techniques which have evolved to reflect the changes in American culture and the audience 's viewing habits . With the creation of Sesame Street , producers and writers of a children 's television show used , for the first time , educational goals and a curriculum to shape its content . It was also the first time a show 's educational effects were formally studied . The show , therefore , has undergone significant changes in its history as adjustments to the format and content have been made to reflect change sources to the curriculum . Shortly after creating Sesame Street , its producers developed what came to be called the CTW model ( after the production company 's previous name ) , a system of television show planning , production , and evaluation based on collaborations between producers , writers , educators , and researchers . The show was initially funded by government and private foundations but has become somewhat self-supporting due to revenues from licensing arrangements , international sales , and other media . By 2006 , there were independently produced versions , or co-productions , of Sesame Street broadcast in twenty countries . In 2001 , there were over 120 million viewers of various international versions of Sesame Street , and by the show 's 40th anniversary in 2009 , it was broadcast in more than 140 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lleida-Alguaire_Airport", "text": "Lleida-Alguaire Airport ( IATA : ILD , ICAO : LEDA ) ( Catalan : Aeroport de Lleida-Alguaire , Spanish : Aeropuerto de Lérida-Alguaire ) is an airport located in Alguaire , Catalonia , Spain ; about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the centre of Lleida and about 150 km ( 93 mi ) from the centre of Barcelona ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mansfield_Football_Club", "text": "The Mansfield Football Netball Club , nicknamed the Eagles , is an Australian rules football and netball club based in Mansfield , Victoria . The Mansfield teams currently compete in the Goulburn Valley League . The Eagles home ground is the Mansfield Recreation Reserve ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_Eastern_Michigan_Eagles_football_team", "text": "The 1994 Eastern Michigan Eagles football team represented Eastern Michigan University in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season . In their second and final season under head coach Ron Cooper , the Eagles compiled a 5-6 record ( 5-4 against conference opponents ) , finished in seventh place in the Mid-American Conference , and were outscored by their opponents , 285 to 247 . The team 's statistical leaders included Michael Armour with 1,629 passing yards , Stephen Whitfield with 1,232 rushing yards , and Steve Clay with 589 receiving yards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Riza_Durmisi", "text": "Riza Durmisi ( ; born 8 January 1994 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a left-back for the French club Nice on a loan from Lazio . He has represented Denmark at several youth levels and made his debut for the senior national team in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blake_Percival", "text": "Blake Percival was the Director of Fieldwork Services , Western Pennsylvania , ( WPA ) , for USIS . He became a whistleblower in July 2011 , when he filed a qui tam suit saying he was fired from USIS , for not ordering his subordinates to submit cases to the U.S. Government for payment , that had not been completed . He had worked for USIS from January 2001 to June 2011 . In his suit he stated he had been fired after he refused to order his employees to continue an elaborate fraud known as dumping . The suit was filed under seal in U.S. District Court in Montgomery , Alabama . His allegations were investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) and in October 2013 the DOJ joined Percivals suit and removed the seal . The case , United States of America ex rel . Blake Percival v. U.S . Investigations Services , Civil Action No . 11-CV-527-WKW , was filed in U.S. District Court , Middle District of Alabama ( Northern Division ) . On January 22 , 2014 the DOJ filed their formal complaint against USIS . In their filing the DOJ stated that USIS committed fraud on at least 665,000 background investigations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kielce", "text": "Kielce ( /ˈkjɛltsə/ KYELT-sə , Polish : [ ˈkʲɛltsɛ ] ( listen ) ) is a city in south central Poland with 195,774 inhabitants . It has been the capital city of the Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( Holy Cross Province ) since 1999 , and was previously the capital of the predecessor Kielce Voivodeship ( 1919-1939 , 1945-1998 ) . The city is located in the middle of the Świętokrzyskie Mountains ( Holy Cross Mountains ) , on the banks of the Silnica River , in northern part of the historical Polish province of Lesser Poland . The history of Kielce dates back over 900 years and the exact date when the town was founded remains unknown . Kielce was once an important centre of limestone mining and the vicinity is famous for its natural resources like copper , lead and iron , which , over the centuries , were exploited on a large scale . There are several fairs and exhibitions held in Kielce throughout the year ; the city and its surroundings are also known for their historic architecture , green spaces and recreational areas such as the Świętokrzyski National Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puerto_Cabello", "text": "Puerto Cabello ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈpweɾto kaˈβeʝo ] ( listen ) ) is a city on the north coast of Venezuela . It is located in Carabobo State , about 210 km west of Caracas . As of 2011 , the city had a population of around 182,400 . The city is home to the largest and busiest port in the country and is thus a vital cog in the country 's vast oil industry . The word 'cabello ' translates to 'hair ' . The Spaniards took to saying that the sea was so calm there that a ship could be secured to the dock by tying it with a single hair ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1974_in_video_gaming", "text": "1974 has several new titles such as Shark Jaws , Speed Race and Dungeon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Basel-Landschaft", "text": "The canton of Basel-Landschaft ( German : Kanton Basel-Landschaft ( help·info ) , pronounced [ ˈkɑnton ˌbaːzl̩ˈlantʃaft ] ; English : canton of Basel-Country ; French : canton de Bâle-Campagne , pronounced [ kɑ̃tɔ̃ də bɑl kɑ̃paɲ ] ; Italian : Cantone di Basilea Campagna , pronounced [ kanˈtone di baˈzileˈa kamˈpaɲɲa ] ; informally : Baselland , Baselbiet ) , is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland . The capital is Liestal . It shares borders with the Swiss cantons of Basel-Stadt , Solothurn , Jura and Aargau , and with the French région of Grand Est and the German state of Baden-Württemberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austin_Toros", "text": "The Austin Spurs are an American basketball team of the NBA G League based in Cedar Park , Texas . The team plays their home games at H-E-B Center at Cedar Park . The team has made the postseason in 8 out of their 14 seasons in the NBA Development League . On October 15 , 2014 , after the San Antonio Spurs purchased the franchise , the team colors and logo were changed to reflect the silver and black motif used by the Spurs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grammy_Awards_of_1990", "text": "The 32nd Annual Grammy Awards were held in 1990 . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bachelor_of_Arts", "text": "A Bachelor of Arts ( BA or AB ; from the Latin baccalaureus artium or artium baccalaureus ) is a bachelor 's degree awarded for an undergraduate program in the arts and sciences . Bachelor of Arts programs generally take three or four years depending on the country and institution . Diplomas generally give the name of the institution , signatures of officials of the institution , type of degree conferred , conferring authority , and location at which the degree is conferred . Diplomas are printed on high-quality paper or parchment ; individual institutions set the preferred abbreviation for their degrees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puerto_Tirol", "text": "Puerto Tirol is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Libertad Department . The town was founded on August 6 , 1888 . The name refers to the origin of the initial settlers , who came from the Southern part of the Austro-Hungarian County of Tyrol ( in German Tirol ) , an alpine region in Central Europe , today comprising Tyrol , Austria and South Tyrol , Italy . There is another Tyrolian town in South America , about 900 km to the East , Treze Tilias , in Santa Catarina , Brazil ( founded in 1933 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wakayama_Prefecture", "text": "Wakayama Prefecture ( 和歌山県 , Wakayama-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan on the Kii Peninsula in the Kansai region , located on the southernmost point of Honshū island . The capital is the city of Wakayama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TIM_Brasil", "text": "TIM Brasil ( officially TIM Celular S.A. ) is the Brazilian subsidiary of Telecom Italia , an Italian telecommunications company , which owned 67% of the company as of 2014 . TIM Brasil was founded as a company in 1995 , started commercial operations in 1998 and since 2002 has consolidated its national presence , becoming the first mobile phone company present in all Brazilian States and , as of April 2017 , has over 61.3 million customers . The Company , through the GSM technology , has a national reach of approximately 93% of urban population and offers services to mobile and fixed telephony , data transmission and Internet access at high speed , bringing the convergence of services for all its customers in a single company . TIM Celular is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro and is listed in BM & F Bovespa and NYSE , in São Paulo and New York City , respectively . On May 5 , 2012 TIM 's chairman Luca Luciani resigned from all of his duties at TIM both in Brazil and Italy . There were charges concerning scams about the activation of SIM cards for deceased and non-existing persons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heitlistock", "text": "The Heitlistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden . It is situated west of Stöckalp ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denzel_Washington", "text": "Denzel Hayes Washington Jr. ( born December 28 , 1954 ) is an American actor , director , and producer . He has received two Golden Globe awards , one Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory ( 1989 ) and Best Actor for his role as corrupt detective Alonzo Harris in the crime thriller Training Day ( 2001 ) . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest actors of his generation , and is considered an American cultural icon . Washington has received much critical acclaim for his film work since the 1980s , including his portrayals of real-life figures such as South African anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko in Cry Freedom ( 1987 ) , Muslim minister and human rights activist Malcolm X in Malcolm X ( 1992 ) , boxer Rubin Hurricane Carter in The Hurricane ( 1999 ) , football coach Herman Boone in Remember the Titans ( 2000 ) , poet and educator Melvin B. Tolson in The Great Debaters ( 2007 ) , and drug kingpin Frank Lucas in American Gangster ( 2007 ) . He has been a featured actor in films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and has been a frequent collaborator of directors Spike Lee , Antoine Fuqua , and Tony Scott . In 2016 , he received the Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards . In 2002 , Washington made his directorial debut with the biographical film Antwone Fisher . His second directorial effort was The Great Debaters ( 2007 ) . His third film , Fences ( 2016 ) , in which he also starred , was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Treaty_of_Saint_Petersburg_(1875)", "text": "The Treaty of Saint Petersburg ( 樺太・千島交換条約 , Karafuto-Chishima Kōkan Jōyaku ) ( Russian : Петербургский договор ) between the Empire of Japan and Empire of Russia was signed on 7 May 1875 , and its ratifications exchanged at Tokyo on 22 August 1875 . Its terms stipulated that Japan cedes to Russia the part of Sakhalin island it then owned in exchange for the group of the Kuril Islands owned by Russia ( between Iturup island and the Kamchatka Peninsula ) . Consequently , Sakhalin island as a whole became Russian territory , and the entire Kuril archipelago Japanese territory . The authentic text of the Treaty is written in French . Differences with its Japanese translation contributed to the controversy on what constitutes the Kuril islands , claims to which Japan renounced in 1951 by the Treaty of San Francisco . The Treaty of Shimoda of 1855 had defined the border between Japan and Russia to be the strait between Iturup ( Etorofu ) and Urup ( Uruppu ) islands in the Kurile chain , but had left the status of Sakhalin ( Karafuto ) open . Without well-defined borders , incidents between Russian and Japanese settlers began to occur . In order to remedy this situation , the Japanese government sent an ambassador , Enomoto Takeaki , to Saint Petersburg to clearly define the border in this area . After a year of negotiations , Japan agreed to renounce its claims to Sakhalin , with compensation for Japanese residents , access by the fishing fleet to the Sea of Okhotsk , ten-years free use of Russian ports in the area and ownership of all of the Kuril Islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Viscount_Cathcart", "text": "Earl Cathcart is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1981 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 5-7 , 1981 at HemisFair Arena in San Antonio , TX . The first round took place on March 2 at the higher seeded campus sites . Number 2 seed Houston defeated 6 seed Texas 84-59 to win their 2nd championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1981 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GRUB2", "text": "GNU GRUB ( short for GNU GRand Unified Bootloader , commonly referred to as GRUB ) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project . GRUB is the reference implementation of the Free Software Foundation 's Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions . GNU GRUB was developed from a package called the Grand Unified Bootloader ( a play on Grand Unified Theory ) . It is predominantly used for Unix-like systems . The GNU operating system uses GNU GRUB as its boot loader , as do most Linux distributions and the Solaris operating system on x86 systems , starting with the Solaris 10 1/06 release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Public_broadcasting", "text": "Public broadcasting involves radio , television and other electronic-media outlets whose primary mission is public service . In many countries of the world , funding comes from governments , especially via annual fees charged on receivers . In the United States , public broadcasters may receive some funding from both federal and state sources , but generally most of their financial support comes from underwriting by foundations and businesses ( ranging from small shops to corporations ) , along with audience contributions via pledge drives . The great majority operate as private not-for-profit corporations . [ citation needed ] Public broadcasting may be nationally or locally operated , depending on the country and the station . In some countries a single organization runs public broadcasting . Other countries have multiple public-broadcasting organizations operating regionally or in different languages . Historically , public broadcasting was once the dominant or only form of broadcasting in many countries ( with the notable exception of the United States ) . Commercial broadcasting now also exists in most of these countries ; the number of countries with only public broadcasting declined substantially during the latter part of the 20th century . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Umpire_(baseball)", "text": "In baseball , the umpire is the person charged with officiating the game , including beginning and ending the game , enforcing the rules of the game and the grounds , making judgment calls on plays , and handling the disciplinary actions . The term is often shortened to the colloquial form ump . They are also sometimes addressed as blue at lower levels due to the common color of the uniform worn by umpires . In professional baseball , the term blue is seldom used by players or managers , who instead call the umpire by name . Although games were often officiated by a sole umpire in the formative years of the sport , since the turn of the 20th century , officiating has been commonly divided among several umpires , who form the umpiring crew . The position is analogous to that of a referee in many other sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dassault", "text": "Dassault Group ( French pronunciation : ​ [ daˈso ] ; GIMD , Groupe Dassault , or the Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault S.A. ) is a France-based group of companies established in 1929 with the creation of Dassault Aviation by Marcel Dassault , and led by son Serge Dassault with cofounder of Dassault Systèmes Charles Edelstenne , and currently Dassault Aviation Chairman and CEO is Éric Trappier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Chinese_Super_League", "text": "The 2008 Chinese Super League ( known as the Kingway 2008 Chinese Super League for sponsorship reasons ) was the 5th season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League and the 15th season of the professional football league in China . Super League was expanded to 16 clubs . Shandong Luneng Taishan won their 3rd title at the end of this season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Connie_Hansen", "text": "Connie Hansen ( born 29 May 1964 ) is a noted Danish Paralympian . She competed in athletics at the Summer Paralympics three times , in 1984 , 1988 and 1992 , and won a total of nine gold medals , four silvers , and one bronze . She was inducted to the Paralympic Hall of Fame in 2008 . In the years 1988-94 she was often ranked highly on the Athlete of the Year list , the leading Danish television and sports newspaper ranking list , and served as one of the key actors in the 1992 Barcelona Paralympics movie , Into the Light . Honours/Awards : 1992 Female athlete of the Year by Danish National Olympic Organizations . 1992 Athlete of the year by the Danish Sports Organisation for Disabled . 1992 Athlete of the Year , Runner Up - 2. place voted by the biggest Danish newspaper 1988 Female Athlete of the Year by Danish Television . 1988 Sports Award of Ministry of Culture . In 1991 , she started a company designing and producing RaceRunners and other gait devices . Though her and many others ' efforts , the sport RaceRunning has developed to be one of the fastest growing parasports , and an amazing physically and mentally challenging sport for a wide group of the most challenged athletes . A signal to IPC about the importance of standing up for their roots and values of Para Sport . Today , RaceRunning is seen as a discipline within Paraathletics and stands close to be included on the Paralympic program ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eldece_Clarke-Lewis", "text": "Eldece Clarke-Lewis ( born 13 January 1965 ) is a Bahamian sprints athlete . She was a part of the Bahamian team that won the silver medal in the 1996 Olympics 4 x 100 metres relay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Shannon_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Thomas Shannon ( November 15 , 1786 - March 16 , 1843 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio . Born in Washington County , Pennsylvania , he attended public schools and moved to Ohio with his parents , who settled in Belmont County , Ohio in 1800 . He engaged in agricultural pursuits and later moved to Barnesville in Belmont County in 1812 where he entered the mercantile business . During the War of 1812 served as captain of Belmont County Company in Colonel John Delongs regiment . He served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1819 to 1822 and again in 1824 and 1825 . In 1826 , he was elected as an Adams candidate to the 19th Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of David Jennings and served from December 4 , 1826 , to March 3 , 1827 . He did not seek renomination in 1827 and returned to Barnesville , Ohio , where he became a leaf-tobacco merchant . He was elected to and served in the Ohio State Senate in 1829 and again from 1837 to 1843 . He died in Barnesville and is interred in Green Mount Cemetery . Thomas Shannon was the brother of Wilson Shannon , Governor of Ohio and Territorial Governor of Kansas Territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_Leaven", "text": "The Parable of the Leaven ( also called the Parable of the yeast ) is one of the shortest parables of Jesus . [ citation needed ] It appears in Matthew ( 13:33 ) and Luke ( 13:20-21 ) . In both places it immediately follows the Parable of the Mustard Seed , which shares this parable 's theme of the Kingdom of Heaven growing from small beginnings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Houston_Methodist_Episcopal_Church,_South", "text": "Houston Methodist Episcopal Church , South is a historic church on Arkansas Highway 60 , near its junction with Arkansas Highway 216 in Houston , Arkansas . It is a single-story wood frame structure , with a gabled roof , weatherboard siding , and a foundation of brick and concrete . A hip-roof vestibule projects from the front , with a single-stage square tower above , topped by a pyramidal roof . Doors and windows are set in rounded-arch openings . Built in 1912 for a congregation organized in 1893 ; it was its second building , it having outgrown the first . It is a fine local example of ecclesiastical Colonial Revival architecture . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kellogg's", "text": "The Kellogg Company , doing business as Kellogg 's , is an American multinational food manufacturing company headquartered in Battle Creek , Michigan , United States . Kellogg 's produces cereal and convenience foods , including crackers and toaster pastries and markets their products by several well known brands including Corn Flakes , Frosted Flakes , Pringles , Eggo , and Cheez-It . Kellogg 's mission statement is Nourishing families so they can flourish and thrive . Kellogg 's products are manufactured and marketed in over 180 countries . Kellogg 's largest factory is at Trafford Park in Trafford , Greater Manchester , United Kingdom , which is also the location of its UK headquarters . Other corporate office locations outside of Battle Creek include Chicago , Dublin ( European Headquarters ) , Shanghai , and Querétaro City . Kellogg 's holds a Royal Warrant from Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince of Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arlington_Cemetery_station", "text": "Arlington Cemetery is a side platformed Washington Metro station in Arlington , Virginia , United States . The station was opened on July 1 , 1977 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . The station provides service for only the Blue Line , and is located at the entrance to Arlington National Cemetery , underneath Memorial Drive . There is no public parking near the station except at the cemetery , which is reserved for cemetery visitors . It is the only station that closes earlier than the rest of the system , closing at 7 PM from October to March , and 10 PM from April to September . The station is also unique in its design . It is just below ground level , and is only covered by a bridge carrying Memorial Drive . The station is one of three stations to be exclusively serviced by the Blue Line . The rest of the Blue Line 's stations are shared with the Yellow Line to the south ( except for two of the southernmost stations ) , and with the Silver Line and Orange Line to the north ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthew_Noble", "text": "Matthew Noble ( 23 March 1817 - 23 June 1876 ) was a leading British portrait sculptor . Carver of numerous monumental figures and busts including work memorializing Victorian era royalty and statesmen displayed in locations such as Westminster Abbey , St. Paul 's Cathedral and in Parliament Square , London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft_Windows", "text": "Microsoft Windows , commonly referred to as Windows , is a group of several proprietary graphical operating system families , all of which are developed and marketed by Microsoft . Each family caters to a certain sector of the computing industry . Active Microsoft Windows families include Windows NT and Windows IoT ; these may encompass subfamilies , e.g . Windows Server or Windows Embedded Compact ( Windows CE ) . Defunct Microsoft Windows families include Windows 9x , Windows Mobile and Windows Phone . Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20 , 1985 , as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS in response to the growing interest in graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) . Microsoft Windows came to dominate the world 's personal computer ( PC ) market with over 90% market share , overtaking Mac OS , which had been introduced in 1984 . Apple came to see Windows as an unfair encroachment on their innovation in GUI development as implemented on products such as the Lisa and Macintosh ( eventually settled in court in Microsoft 's favor in 1993 ) . On PCs , Windows is still the most popular operating system . However , in 2014 , Microsoft admitted losing the majority of the overall operating system market to Android , because of the massive growth in sales of Android smartphones . In 2014 , the number of Windows devices sold was less than 25% that of Android devices sold . This comparison , however , may not be fully relevant , as the two operating systems traditionally target different platforms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheila_(singer)", "text": "Sheila ( born Annie Chancel , 16 August 1945 ) is a French pop singer who became successful as a solo artist in the 1960s and 1970s , also was part of the duo Sheila & Ringo with her husband singer Ringo . She also fronted a disco act called Sheila and B . Devotion . Her stage name came from the title of her first release , a French cover version of Sheila , a hit by Tommy Roe . Sheila has sold 85 million records worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Cukor", "text": "George Dewey Cukor ( /ˈkjuːkɔːr/ ; July 7 , 1899 - January 24 , 1983 ) was an American film director . He mainly concentrated on comedies and literary adaptations . His career flourished at RKO when David O. Selznick , the studio 's Head of Production , assigned Cukor to direct several of RKO 's major films , including What Price Hollywood ? ( 1932 ) , A Bill of Divorcement ( 1932 ) , Our Betters ( 1933 ) , and Little Women ( 1933 ) . When Selznick moved to MGM in 1933 , Cukor followed and directed Dinner at Eight ( 1933 ) and David Copperfield ( 1935 ) for Selznick and Romeo and Juliet ( 1936 ) and Camille ( 1936 ) for Irving Thalberg . He was replaced as the director of Gone with the Wind ( 1939 ) , but he went on to direct The Philadelphia Story ( 1940 ) , Gaslight ( 1944 ) , Adam 's Rib ( 1949 ) , Born Yesterday ( 1950 ) , A Star Is Born ( 1954 ) , Bhowani Junction ( 1956 ) , and won the Academy Award for Best Director for My Fair Lady ( 1964 ) . He continued to work into the 1980s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_East_Coast", "text": "The East Coast of the United States , also known as the Eastern Seaboard , the Atlantic Coast , and the Atlantic Seaboard , is the coastline along which the Eastern United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean . The coastal states that have shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are , from north to south , Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , and Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Garuda_Mall", "text": "Garuda Mall is the premier shopping mall in the city of Bangalore , India , which is also home to the citys third oldest Shoppers Stop branch , and the oldest one in the city which is attached to a mall . It is situated on Magrath Road at the heart of the central business district in Bangalore , near Brigade Road . The mall has opened another branch in the Heritage City , Mysore near K. R. Circle . Another branch in Kochi with French cuisine and heritage ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_III_of_England", "text": "Henry III ( 1 October 1207 - 16 November 1272 ) , also known as Henry of Winchester , was King of England , Lord of Ireland , and Duke of Aquitaine from 1216 until his death . He was the fourth king of the House of Plantagenet . The son of King John and Isabella of Angoulême , Henry assumed the throne when he was only nine in the middle of the First Barons ' War . Cardinal Guala declared the war against the rebel barons to be a religious crusade and Henry 's forces , led by William Marshal , defeated the rebels at the battles of Lincoln and Sandwich in 1217 . Henry promised to abide by the Great Charter of 1225 , which limited royal power and protected the rights of the major barons . His early rule was dominated first by Hubert de Burgh and then Peter des Roches , who re-established royal authority after the war . In 1230 , the King attempted to reconquer the provinces of France that had once belonged to his father , but the invasion was a debacle . A revolt led by William Marshal 's son , Richard Marshal , broke out in 1232 , ending in a peace settlement negotiated by the Church . Following the revolt , Henry ruled England personally , rather than governing through senior ministers . He travelled less than previous monarchs , investing heavily in a handful of his favourite palaces and castles . He married Eleanor of Provence , with whom he had five children . Henry was known for his piety , holding lavish religious ceremonies and giving generously to charities ; the King was particularly devoted to the figure of Edward the Confessor , whom he adopted as his patron saint ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/D._C._Moore", "text": "David D. C. Moore ( born 1980 ) is a British playwright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1974", "text": "Miss World 1974 , the 24th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 22 November 1974 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , United Kingdom . The event was viewed by an estimated 30 million people , and was a Wide World Special on the ABC Television Network . Helen Morgan of the United Kingdom was crowned the winner at the end of the event by Mrs. Julia Morley , becoming the second Welsh and fourth woman from the United Kingdom to win the title . Although it was known to the organizers at the time she was crowned Miss Wales and she was completely open about the issue with the media , Morgan resigned four days later over the intense pressure and media interest in that she had a child as a single mother . The wife of the child 's father had given many media interviews in the hours following the contest , creating extremely negative and lurid headlines . Morgan was the first Miss World titleholder to officially resign , and the third not to finish her reign as Miss World , after Marjorie Wallace in 1973 and Lúcia Petterle in 1971 . Morgan had represented Wales in Miss Universe 1974 pageant earlier that year and placed first runner-up to eventual winner Amparo Muñoz of Spain . When Muñoz relinquished her Miss Universe title later that year , Morgan had already been outed as a mother and , therefore , ineligible to succeed Muñoz as Miss Universe . Muñoz was not replaced by any of the other runners-up . Anneline Kriel of South Africa was crowned the new Miss World after Morgan 's resignation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oklahoma", "text": "Oklahoma ( /ˌoʊkləˈhoʊmə/ ( listen ) ; Cherokee : ᎣᎦᎳᎰᎹ , ogalahoma ; Choctaw : Oklahumma ) is a state in the South Central region of the United States , bordered by the state of Texas on the south and west , Kansas on the north , Missouri on the northeast , Arkansas on the east , New Mexico on the west , and Colorado on the northwest . It is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States . Its residents are known as Oklahomans ( or colloquially , Okies ) , and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City . The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning red people . It is also known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State , in reference to the non-Native settlers who staked their claims on land before the official opening date of lands in the western Oklahoma Territory or before the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889 , which increased European-American settlement in the eastern Indian Territory . Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged into the State of Oklahoma when it became the 46th state to enter the union on November 16 , 1907 . With ancient mountain ranges , prairie , mesas , and eastern forests , most of Oklahoma lies in the Great Plains , Cross Timbers , and the U.S . Interior Highlands , all regions prone to severe weather . Oklahoma is on a confluence of three major American cultural regions and historically served as a route for cattle drives , a destination for Southern settlers , and a government-sanctioned territory for Native Americans . More than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma . A major producer of natural gas , oil , and agricultural products , Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation , energy , telecommunications , and biotechnology . Both Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma 's primary economic anchors , with nearly two-thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Henning", "text": "Paul William Henning ( September 16 , 1911 - March 25 , 2005 ) was an American producer and screenwriter . Most famous for the television sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies , he was also crucial in developing the rural comedies Petticoat Junction ( 1963-1970 ) and Green Acres ( 1965-1971 ) for CBS . He was one of the staff writers for George Burns , writing first for the George Burns and Gracie Allen radio show and then the television show throughout its broadcast run . Author Kurt Andersen described Henning as the Eli Whitney of American television production ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_Al-Merghani_Kassala", "text": "Stade Al-Merghani Kassala is a multi-use stadium in Kassala , in northeastern Sudan . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Al-Merrikh . The Stadium has a capacity of 11,000 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Bicicleta", "text": "La Bicicleta ( English : The Bicycle ) is a song by Colombian singers Carlos Vives and Shakira from Vives ' fifteenth studio album Vives ( 2017 ) and is also included as an album track on Shakira 's eleventh studio album El Dorado ( 2017 ) . The song was written by both singers , and produced by Andrés Castro and it marks Shakira 's first collaboration with a fellow Colombian artist . La Bicicleta was intended to be representative of both singers ' homelands musical styles in Colombia . It is a song with a mixture of various musical elements - vallenato , pop and cumbia and instrumentally , it features indigenous Colombian wind instruments and accordions . Lyrically , it is a nostalgic song , describing the duo 's excursion on bikes to places of their childhood . Music critics reviewed the song positively , praising it for its catchiness and inclusion of various Colombian music elements . The song won two Latin Grammy Awards at the 17th Latin Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Record of the Year . Upon its release , the single managed to peak within the top ten on numerous Billboard Latin charts , including No . 2 on the Hot Latin Songs and one on Latin Pop Airplay . A music video for La Bicicleta was filmed on 19 May 2016 in Barranquilla and Santa Marta under the direction of Jaume de Laiguana . The clip premiered on 8 July 2016 and it features Shakira and Vives traveling with bikes along the Caribbean coast of Colombia , visiting their hometowns Santa Marta and Barranquilla and engaging with locals in dance battles . Upon its release it was positively received by critics due to its playful nature and accurate representation of Colombian culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Habitat", "text": "In ecology , a habitat is the type of natural environment in which a particular species of organism lives . It is characterized by both physical and biological features . A species 's habitat is those places where it can find food , shelter , protection and mates for reproduction . The physical factors are for example soil , moisture , range of temperature , and light intensity as well as biotic factors such as the availability of food and the presence or absence of predators . Every organism has certain habitat needs for the conditions in which it will thrive , but some are tolerant of wide variations while others are very specific in their requirements . A habitat is not necessarily a geographical area , it can be the interior of a stem , a rotten log , a rock or a clump of moss , and for a parasitic organism it is the body of its host , part of the host 's body such as the digestive tract , or a single cell within the host 's body . Habitat types include polar , temperate , subtropical and tropical . The terrestrial vegetation type may be forest , steppe , grassland , semi-arid or desert . Fresh water habitats include marshes , streams , rivers , lakes , and ponds , and marine habitats include salt marshes , the coast , the intertidal zone , estuaries , reefs , bays , the open sea , the sea bed , deep water and submarine vents . Habitats change over time . This may be due to a violent event such as the eruption of a volcano , an earthquake , a tsunami , a wildfire or a change in oceanic currents ; or the change may be more gradual over millennia with alterations in the climate , as ice sheets and glaciers advance and retreat , and as different weather patterns bring changes of precipitation and solar radiation . Other changes come as a direct result of human activities ; deforestation , the plowing of ancient grasslands , the diversion and damming of rivers , the draining of marshland and the dredging of the seabed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_1992", "text": "The 1992 UEFA European Football Championship was hosted by Sweden between 10 and 26 June 1992 . It was the ninth European Football Championship , which is held every four years and supported by UEFA . Denmark won the 1992 championship . The team had qualified only after FR Yugoslavia ( who qualified as Yugoslavia ) was disqualified as a result of the breakup and warfare in the country . Eight national teams contested the finals tournament . Also present at the tournament was the CIS national football team ( Commonwealth of Independent States ) , representing the recently dissolved Soviet Union whose national team had qualified for the tournament . It was also the first major tournament at which the reunified Germany ( who were beaten 2-0 by Denmark in the final ) had competed . It was to be the last tournament with only eight participants , the last to award the winner of a match with only two points , and the last tournament before the introduction of the back-pass rule , which was brought in immediately after the tournament was completed . When the next competition was held in 1996 , 16 teams were involved and were awarded 3 points for a win ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1984 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , California , United States ( and other venues around the United States ) . This was the second time that Los Angeles had hosted the Games , the first being in 1932 . California was the home state of then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan , who officially opened the Games . The logo for the 1984 Games , branded Stars in Motion , featured red , white and blue stars arranged horizontally and struck through with alternating streaks . The official mascot of the Games was Sam the Olympic Eagle . These were the first Summer Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Juan Antonio Samaranch . The 1984 Games were boycotted by a total of fourteen Eastern Bloc countries , including the Soviet Union and East Germany , in response to the American-led boycott of the previous 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan ; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc nation that opted to attend the Games . Iran and Libya also chose to boycott the Games for unrelated reasons . Despite the field being depleted in certain sports due to the boycott , 140 National Olympic Committees took part , which was a record at the time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , followed by Romania and West Germany . The 1984 Summer Olympics are widely considered to be the most financially successful modern Olympics and served as an example of how to run the model Olympic Games . As a result of low construction costs , coupled with a reliance on private corporate funding , the 1984 Olympic Games generated a profit of more than $ 250 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cape_of_Good_Hope", "text": "The Cape of Good Hope ( Afrikaans : Kaap die Goeie Hoop [ ˌkɑːp di ˌχujə ˈɦʊəp ] ; Dutch : Kaap de Goede Hoop [ ˌkaːb də ˌɣudə ˈɦoːp ] ( listen ) ; [ a ] Portuguese : Cabo da Boa Esperança [ ˈkaβu ðɐ ˈβoɐ ʃpɨˈɾɐ̃sɐ ] ) is a rocky headland on the Atlantic coast of the Cape Peninsula in South Africa . A common misconception is that the Cape of Good Hope is the southern tip of Africa . This misconception was based on the misbelief that the Cape was the dividing point between the Atlantic and Indian Oceans . Contemporary geographic knowledge instead states the southernmost point of Africa is Cape Agulhas about 150 kilometres ( 90 mi ) to the east-southeast . The currents of the two oceans meet at the point where the warm-water Agulhas current meets the cold-water Benguela current and turns back on itself . That oceanic meeting point fluctuates between Cape Agulhas and Cape Point ( about 1.2 kilometres ( 0.75 mi ) east of the Cape of Good Hope ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greater_Mexico_City", "text": "Greater Mexico City refers to the conurbation around Mexico City , officially called Mexico City Metropolitan Area ( Zona Metropolitana de la Ciudad de México ) , constituted by Mexico City itself composed of 16 Municipalities - and 41 adjacent municipalities of the states of Mexico and Hidalgo . For normative purposes , [ further explanation needed ] however , Greater Mexico City most commonly refers to the Metropolitan Area of the Valley of Mexico ( Zona Metropolitana del Valle de México ) an agglomeration that incorporates 18 additional municipalities . As of 2016 [ update ] an estimated 21,157,000 people lived in Greater Mexico City , making it the second largest metropolitan area in North America . It is surrounded by thin strips of highlands which separate it from other adjacent metropolitan areas , of which the biggest are Puebla , Toluca , and Cuernavaca-Cuautla , and together with which it makes up the Mexico City megalopolis . Since the 1940s there have been different proposals to establish the limits of the growing conurbation of Mexico City , and different definitions were used unofficially as the city continued to grow . The Federal Government ( represented by the Department of Social Development ) , the government of Mexico City , and the government of the State of Mexico agreed on the official definitions for both the Mexico City Metropolitan Area and the Metropolitan Area of the Valley of Mexico on December 22 , 2005 . Per the agreement , most urban planning projects will be administered by Metropolitan Commissions . On January 29 , 2016 , Mexico City proper was no longer called the Federal District ( Spanish : Distrito Federal or D.F. ) . It is now in transition to become the country 's 32nd federal entity , officially Mexico City ( Spanish : Ciudad de México , commonly abbreviated as CDMX ) , giving it a level of autonomy comparable to that of a state . Because of a clause in the Mexican Constitution , however , since it is the seat of the powers of the federation , it can never become a state , or the capital of the country has to be relocated . The English name Mexico City remains . Its original 16 Boroughs became municipalities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xevious", "text": "Xevious [ a ] is a 1983 vertical-scrolling shooter arcade game developed and published by Namco . In North America , it was published by Atari , Inc . Controlling the Solvalou starship , the player is tasked with wiping out the Xevious forces before they destroy all of mankind . The Solvalou has two weapons at its disposal : an air zapper to destroy flying enemies , and a blaster bomb to destroy ground-stationed enemies . It ran on the Namco Galaga arcade system . The game was designed by Masanobu Endō and a small team . Created to rival the success of Scramble , it was originally themed around the Vietnam War and titled Cheyenne in early versions . Endō wanted the game to have a detailed , integral storyline and a comprehensive world , and to be welcoming for newer players . Several enemies and characters were made to pay homage to other popular science fiction works , including Star Wars , UFO , Alien and Battlestar Galactica . It was originally named Zevious , the X being added to make it sound exotic and mysterious . Xevious was critically acclaimed , being praised for its detailed graphics , addictive nature , challenge and originality . It became an unprecedented success for Namco in Japan , selling as many arcade units as Space Invaders in its first few weeks of release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khaled_Hosseini", "text": "Khaled Hosseini ( Persian : خالد حسینی [ ˈxɒled hoˈsejni ] ; /ˈhɑːlɛd hoʊˈseɪni/ ; born March 4 , 1965 ) is an Afghan-American novelist and physician . After graduating from college , he worked as a doctor in California , a predicament that he likened to an arranged marriage . He has published three novels , most notably his 2003 debut The Kite Runner , all of which are at least partially set in Afghanistan and feature an Afghan as the protagonist . Following the success of The Kite Runner he retired from medicine to write full-time . Hosseini was born in Kabul , Afghanistan . His father worked as a diplomat , and when Hosseini was 11 years old , the family moved to France ; four years later , they applied for asylum in the United States , where he later became a citizen . Hosseini did not return to Afghanistan until 2001 at the age of 36 , where he felt like a tourist in [ his ] own country . In interviews about the experience , he admitted to sometimes feeling survivor 's guilt for having been able to leave the country before the Soviet invasion and subsequent wars . All three of his novels became bestsellers : The Kite Runner ( 2003 ) spent 101 weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list , four of them at number one . A Thousand Splendid Suns ( 2007 ) was a Times Best Seller for 103 weeks , 15 at number one . And the Mountains Echoed ( 2013 ) debuted near the top of the Times list and remained on it for 33 weeks until January 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Trek_(film)", "text": "Star Trek is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by J. J. Abrams and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman . It is the eleventh film in the Star Trek film franchise , and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series portrayed by a new cast , as the first in the rebooted film series . The film follows James T. Kirk ( Chris Pine ) and Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) aboard the USS Enterprise as they combat Nero ( Eric Bana ) , a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets . The story takes place in an alternate reality because of time travel by both Nero and the original Spock ( Leonard Nimoy ) . The alternate timeline was created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements . The idea for a prequel film which would follow the Star Trek characters during their time in Starfleet Academy was discussed by series creator Gene Roddenberry in 1968 . The concept resurfaced in the late 1980s , when it was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for what would become Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country , but it was rejected in favor of other projects by Roddenberry . Following the critical and commercial failure of Star Trek : Nemesis and the cancellation of Star Trek : Enterprise , the franchise 's executive producer Rick Berman and screenwriter Erik Jendresen wrote an unproduced film titled Star Trek : The Beginning , which would take place after Enterprise . After the separation of Viacom and CBS Corporation in 2005 , former Paramount Pictures president Gail Berman convinced CBS to allow Paramount to produce a new film in the franchise . Orci and Kurtzman , both fans of Star Trek , were approached to write the film , and J. J. Abrams was approached to direct it . Kurtzman and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations , as well as the series itself . Principal photography commenced on November 7 , 2007 , and ended on March 27 , 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Alberta", "text": "The University of Alberta ( also known as U of A and UAlberta ) is a public research university located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . It was founded in 1908 by Alexander Cameron Rutherford , the first premier of Alberta , and Henry Marshall Tory , its first president . Its enabling legislation is the Post-secondary Learning Act . The university is considered a Comprehensive academic and research university ( CARU ) , which means that it offers a range of academic and professional programs , which generally lead to undergraduate and graduate level credentials , and have a strong research focus . The university comprises four campuses in Edmonton , the Augustana Campus in Camrose , and a staff centre in downtown Calgary . The original north campus consists of 150 buildings covering 50 city blocks on the south rim of the North Saskatchewan River valley , directly across from downtown Edmonton . 39,000 students from Canada and 150 other countries participate in 400 programs in 18 faculties . The University of Alberta is a major economic driver in Alberta . The university 's impact on the Alberta economy is an estimated $ 12.3 billion annually , or five per cent of the province 's gross domestic product . The University of Alberta is also a leading institution for the study of Ukraine and is home to the Canadian Institute of Ukrainian Studies . The University of Alberta has graduated more than 275,000 alumni , including Governor General Roland Michener ; Prime Minister Joe Clark ; Chief Justice of Canada Beverley McLachlin ; Alberta premiers Peter Lougheed , Dave Hancock , Jim Prentice and Rachel Notley ; Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson and Nobel laureate Richard E. Taylor . The university is a member of the Alberta Rural Development Network , the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education and the Sustainability Tracking , Assessment & Rating System ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexander_Wurz", "text": "Alexander Wurz ( born 15 February 1974 ) is an Austrian former professional racing driver , driver training expert and businessman . He competed in Formula One from 1997 until 2007 , and is also a two-time winner of the Le Mans 24 Hours . He is currently under contract to race for the Toyota factory racing team in the WEC ( World Endurance Championship ) . In Formula 1 , he is a commentator for TV and media , as well as being Williams F1 Team 's driver coach , [ citation needed ] chairman of the Grand Prix Drivers ' Association , and occasionally a driver steward ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_IAAF_Continental_Cup", "text": "The 2018 IAAF Continental Cup is an international track and field sporting event that was held in Ostrava , Czech Republic , on 8-9 September 2018 . It is the third edition of the IAAF Continental Cup since the name and format was changed from the IAAF World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Camden_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Camden County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey . Its county seat is Camden . As of the 2018 Census estimate , the county 's population was 507,078 , making it the state 's 8th-largest county , representing a 0.7% decrease from the 513,657 enumerated at the 2010 Census , in turn having increased by 4,725 ( up 0.9% , the third-lowest growth rate in the state ) from the 508,932 counted in the 2000 Census . The most populous place was Camden , with 77,344 residents at the time of the 2010 Census , while Winslow Township covered 58.19 square miles ( 150.7 km2 ) , the largest total area of any municipality . The county was formed on March 13 , 1844 , from portions of Gloucester County . The county was named for Charles Pratt , 1st Earl Camden , a British judge , civil libertarian , and defender of the American cause . The county is part of the Camden , NJ Metropolitan Division of the Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington , PA-NJ-DE-MD / Delaware Valley Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Levine", "text": "Jack Levine ( January 3 , 1915 - November 8 , 2010 ) was an American Social Realist painter and printmaker best known for his satires on modern life , political corruption , and biblical narratives ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lê_Huỳnh_Đức", "text": "Lê Huỳnh Đức ( born April 20 , 1972 in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese football manager and former footballer currently coaching SHB Đà Nẵng of the V-League . Đức is a former member of the Vietnam national football team , with whom he earned 60 caps ( a national record ) , as well as being its top scorer . He became the first Vietnamese footballer to be signed to a club outside of Vietnam when he signed on for a year 's stint with Chongqing Lifan . In 2009 , he became both the youngest coach to win the V-League 's Best Coach of the Month award , and the first coach to win the award in three consecutive months . His coaching style is best known for its toughness and discipline , which is credited with helping SHB Đà Nẵng emerge as champions in the 2009 V-League season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nidhi_Yasha", "text": "Nidhi Yasha ( born 26 April 1983 ) is an Indian costume designer . Nidhi designs costumes for Zee TV 's Buddha and Star Plus TV series Mahabharat ( 2013 TV series ) ( 2013 ) with Bhanu Athaiya as her consulting faculty for the show . Yasha said they studied over 450 books related to period textiles , costume and jewellery to arrive at the look for the show ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Creighton_Bluejays_men's_basketball", "text": "The Creighton Bluejays men 's basketball team represents Creighton University of the NCAA Division I college basketball . They currently compete in the Big East Conference having joined the conference following the Big East conference realignment in 2013 . The Bluejays play their home games at CHI Health Center Omaha in Omaha , Nebraska . Creighton finished sixth nationally in home attendance , averaging 17,048 fans per home game in 2014-15 . Before joining the Big East , Creighton was a member of the Missouri Valley Conference from 1976 through 2013 . The Jays were also members of the MVC from 1928 to 1948 and participated as an independent from 1948 to 1977 before rejoining the MVC . The Bluejays have won a record 15 MVC regular season conference titles and a record 12 MVC Tournament titles . The team has 20 appearances in the NCAA Tournament . The Jays last played in the NCAA Tournament in 2018 . The Bluejays won at least one NCAA tournament game for three consecutive seasons , including a 58-57 win over Alabama , a 67-63 win over Cincinnati and a 76-66 win over Louisiana-Lafayette ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Columbus_(filmmaker)", "text": "Chris Joseph Columbus ( born September 10 , 1958 ) is an American film director , producer , and writer , best known for his family and sentimental films . Born in Spangler , Pennsylvania , Columbus studied film at Tisch School of the Arts . After writing screenplays for Gremlins ( 1984 ) and The Goonies ( 1985 ) , he made his directorial debut with a teen comedy , Adventures in Babysitting ( 1987 ) . Columbus gained recognition soon after with the highly successful Christmas comedy-dramas , Home Alone ( 1990 ) and Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York ( 1992 ) , the latter earning him two nominations each at the Academy Awards and Golden Globe Awards . The comedy Mrs. Doubtfire ( 1993 ) , starring Robin Williams , was another box office success for Columbus . He went on to direct Nine Months ( 1995 ) , Stepmom ( 1998 ) and Bicentennial Man ( 1999 ) , which were met with lukewarm reception . His greatest commercial successes have been Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ( 2001 ) and its sequel , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets ( 2002 ) . He also directed Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief ( 2010 ) , another critical financial success . Columbus has produced a number of films , including Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban ( 2004 ) , Night at the Museum ( 2006 ) and The Help ( 2011 ) , all of which were well received . In 2015 , he directed a 3D film , Pixels which was not as well received . Columbus is the co-founder of 1492 Pictures , a film production company that has produced some of his films since 1995 . More recently , he co-founded another production firm with his daughter in 2014 , called Maiden Voyage Pictures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gigi_D'Agostino", "text": "Luigino Celestino di Agostino ( born December 17 , 1967 ) , known by his stage name Gigi D'Agostino ( IPA : [ ˈdʒiːdʒi daɡoˈstiːno ] ) , is an Italian DJ , remixer , singer and record producer . In 1986 , he started his career as a DJ spinning Italo disco . His biggest chart successes include Bla Bla Bla , Another Way , a cover of Nik Kershaw 's The Riddle , La Passion , Super ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) and L'amour toujours , all in the period 1999 to 2001 . The hookline of L'amour toujours was also used for the 2018 hit remix/mashup In My Mind ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corchorus", "text": "Corchorus is a genus of about 40-100 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae , native to tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world . Different common names are used in different contexts , with jute applying to the fiber produced from the plant , and mallow-leaves for the leaves used as a vegetable ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1.59_inch_Breech-Loading_Vickers_Q.F._Gun,_Mk_II", "text": "The 1.59-inch Breech-Loading Vickers Q.F . Gun , Mk II was a British light artillery piece designed during World War I . Originally intended for use in trench warfare , it was instead tested for air-to-air and air-to-ground use by aircraft . Although it fired shells and had no capability to launch rockets , it was widely but misleadingly known as the Vickers-Crayford rocket gun ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Assassins_(musical)", "text": "Assassins is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and a book by John Weidman , based on an original concept by Charles Gilbert Jr . Using the framing device of an all-American , yet sinister , carnival game , the semi-revue portrays a group of historical figures who attempted ( successfully or not ) to assassinate Presidents of the United States , and explores what their presence in American history says about the ideals of their country . The score is written to reflect both popular music of the various depicted eras and a broader tradition of patriotic American music . The musical opened Off-Broadway in 1990 , to many mixed and negative reviews , and ran for 73 performances , or two months ; in 2004 , the show was produced on Broadway to highly favorable notices , and won five Tony Awards , including Best Revival of a Musical ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brisbane_Entertainment_Centre", "text": "The Brisbane Entertainment Centre is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the Brisbane suburb of Boondall , Queensland , Australia . The centre is managed by AEG Ogden . The arena has an array of seating plans which facilitate the comfort of its users , subject to performance . Specific seating plans are usually allocated , depending on the performance and the size of its audience . The general seating arrangements are end stage mode , in the round and intimate mode , which only uses half of the arena . The centre also houses a sporting complex and small function rooms which are available to hire for wedding reception and business functions . The centre 's large audience capacity is mostly used for the staging of concerts and musical theatre shows , including Whitney Houstons Nothing But Love World Tour , One Direction 's Take Me Home Tour , Taylor Swift 's Fearless and Speak Now Tours , Shawn Mendes ' Illuminate World Tour , Grease , Beauty and the Beast , and The Man from Snowy River : Arena Spectacular . It has also staged ice-skating shows , including Disney On Ice . The Entertainment Centre was also the filming venue for the original Australian series of Gladiators from 1995 to 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salt_Lake_City,_Utah", "text": "Salt Lake City ( often shortened to Salt Lake and abbreviated as SLC ) is the capital and most populous municipality of the U.S. state of Utah , as well as the seat of Salt Lake County , the most populous county in Utah . With an estimated population of 200,591 in 2018 , the city is the core of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area , which has a population of 1,222,540 ( 2018 estimate ) . Salt Lake City is further situated within a larger metropolis known as the Salt Lake City-Ogden-Provo Combined Statistical Area , a corridor of contiguous urban and suburban development stretched along a 120-mile ( 190 km ) segment of the Wasatch Front , comprising a population of 2,606,548 ( as of 2018 estimates ) . It is one of only two major urban areas in the Great Basin . The world headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) is located in Salt Lake City . The city was founded in 1847 by followers of the church , led by Brigham Young , who were seeking to escape persecution that they had experienced while living farther east . The Mormon pioneers , as they would come to be known , entered an arid valley and immediately began building , planning , and extending an extensive irrigation network which could feed the population and foster future growth . Salt Lake City 's street grid system is based on a standard compass grid plan , with the Salt Lake Temple at the origin . Due to its proximity to the Great Salt Lake , the city was named Great Salt Lake City . In 1868 , the 17th Utah Territorial Legislature dropped the word Great from the city 's name . Immigration of international members of the church , mining booms , and the construction of the first transcontinental railroad initially brought economic growth , and the city was nicknamed the Crossroads of the West . It was traversed by the Lincoln Highway , the first transcontinental highway , in 1913 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taekwondo_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_58_kg", "text": "The men 's 58 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 22 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jinja_District", "text": "Jinja District is a district in the Eastern Region of Uganda . The town of Jinja is the district 's main municipal and commercial center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burnie_Football_Club", "text": "Burnie Dockers Football Club is an Australian rules football club in Burnie , Tasmania , Australia . The club currently competes in the North West Football League ( NWFL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , seven track cycling events were contested , all for men only . The weather was poor , with rainfall causing the track to flood on occasion . The track was 660 yards long ( being built around the perimeter of the White City Stadium 's athletics track ) ; some events ( the 660 yards and the team pursuit ) used full laps of the track ; the others used metric distances ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aylesbury_Vale", "text": "The Aylesbury Vale ( or Vale of Aylesbury ) is a large area of gently rolling agricultural landscape in the northern half of Buckinghamshire , England . Its boundary is marked by the Borough of Milton Keynes and South Northamptonshire to the north , Central Bedfordshire and the Borough of Dacorum ( Hertfordshire ) to the east , the Chiltern Hills and Wycombe to south , and South Oxfordshire to the west . The vale is named after Aylesbury , the county town of Buckinghamshire . The two other towns which lie within the vale are Winslow and Buckingham . The bed of the vale is largely made up of clay that was formed at the end of the ice age . Also at this time the vast underground reserves of water that make the water table in the Vale of Aylesbury higher than average , were created . In the 2011 UK census the population of Aylesbury Vale was 174,900 . In the 2001 UK census the population of Aylesbury Vale was 165,748 , representing an increase since 1991 of 18,600 people . About half of those live in the county town Aylesbury ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpha_Flight", "text": "Alpha Flight is a fictional team of Canadian superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The characters premiered in The Uncanny X-Men # 120 ( April 1979 ) , and were created to serve as part of the anti-hero Wolverine 's backstory . Marvel published an Alpha Flight comic book series from 1983 to 1994 . The team serves as Canada 's premier superhero team akin to America 's Avengers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High-net-worth_individual", "text": "High-net-worth individual ( HNWI ) is a term used by some segments of the financial services industry to designate persons whose investible assets ( such as stocks and bonds ) exceed a given amount . Typically , these individuals are defined as holding financial assets ( excluding their primary residence ) with a value greater than US $ 1 million . Very-HNWI ( VHNWI ) can refer to someone with a net worth of at least US $ 5 million . The Capgemini and Merrill Lynch World Wealth Report 2006 defines an additional class of ultra-high-net-worth individuals ( UHNWIs ) , those with US $ 30 million in liquid financial assets or with a disposable income of more than US $ 20 million . At the end of 2018 , there were estimated to be just over 14 million HNWIs in the world . The United States had the highest number of HNWIs ( 4,900,000 ) of any country , while New York City had the most HNWIs ( 377,000 ) among cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1962_Wisconsin_Badgers_football_team", "text": "The 1962 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1962 college football season . Wisconsin was the Big Ten Conference champion and was ranked second in both final major polls , released in early December . This remains the highest season-ending ranking in program history ( since the polls ' inception in 1936 ( AP ) and 1950 ( coaches ) ) . Wisconsin met the # 1 USC Trojans in the historic Rose Bowl , the first bowl game in college football history to pair the top two ranked teams in the nation . This Wisconsin team is also tightly linked to the resurgence of the program in the 1990s through All-American end Pat Richter , who returned as athletic director in 1989 and hired head coach Barry Alvarez ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christ_in_the_House_of_Martha_and_Mary_(Vermeer)", "text": "Christ in the House of Martha and Mary is a painting finished in 1655 by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer . It is housed in the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh . It is the largest painting by Vermeer and one of the very few with an overt religious motive . The story of Christ visiting the household of the two sisters Mary and Martha goes back to the New Testament . The work has also been called Christ in the House of Mary and Martha ( reversing the last two names ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moorestown,_New_Jersey", "text": "Moorestown is a township in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States and an eastern suburb of Philadelphia . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population was 20,726 , reflecting an increase of 1,709 ( +9.0% ) from the 19,017 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 2,901 ( +18.0% ) from the 16,116 counted in the 1990 Census . Moorestown was incorporated as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 11 , 1922 , from portions of Chester Township ( now Maple Shade Township ) , based on the results of a referendum held on April 25 , 1922 . The township is named for a Thomas Moore who settled in the area in 1722 and constructed a hotel though other sources attribute the name to poet Thomas Moore . The township banned all liquor sales in 1915 and retained the restrictions after Prohibition ended in 1933 . Referenda aiming to repeal the ban failed in both 1935 and 1953 . In 2007 , the township council approved a referendum that would allow the sale by auction of six liquor licenses ( the state limit of one per every 3,000 residents ) , with estimates that each license could sell over $ 1 million each . The referendum did not receive enough votes to pass . In 2011 , voters repealed the liquor ban ; however , liquor sales in the township will be restricted to the Moorestown Mall . In 2005 , Moorestown was ranked number one in Money magazine 's list of the 100 best places to live in America . The magazine screened over a thousand small towns and created a list of the top 100 for its August 2005 issue , in which Moorestown earned the top spot because of its community feeling , in addition to plentiful jobs within the commuting area , excellent schools , low crime rate , and affordable housing . Another attribute is its proximity to Philadelphia ( about a 25-minute commute ) , a center of jobs and cultural and urban amenities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shagird", "text": "Shagird ( Hindi : शागिर्द ; English : Disciple ) is a 1967 Indian Bollywood comedy film directed by Samir Gunguly . The film stars Joy Mukherjee and Saira Banu in lead roles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Clements", "text": "John J. Jack Clements ( July 24 , 1864 - May 23 , 1941 ) was an American professional baseball player . He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for 17 seasons . Despite being left-handed , Clements caught 1,076 games , almost four times as many as any other left-handed player in major league history and was the last left-hander to catch on a regular basis . He is credited with being the first catcher to wear a chest protector ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Highway_40", "text": "Highway 40 is a highway in the northwest portion of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan connecting Alberta ( where it continues as Highway 14 ) to Highway 3 , 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) west of Shellbrook , Saskatchewan . Areas of this highway between the Alberta border and North Battleford are called the Poundmaker Trail . Pitikwahanapiwiyin ( c. 1842 - 4 July 1886 ) , commonly known as Poundmaker , was a Plains Cree chief known as a peacemaker and defender of his people . The main feature along this highway is access between North Battleford and near Prince Albert . This is a primary Saskatchewan highway maintained by the provincial government . All of this highway is paved ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ABC_News", "text": "ABC News is the news division of the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) . Its flagship program is the daily evening newscast ABC World News Tonight with David Muir ; other programs include morning news-talk show Good Morning America , Nightline , Primetime , and 20/20 , and Sunday morning political affairs program This Week with George Stephanopoulos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philippines", "text": "The Philippines ( /ˈfɪləpiːnz/ ( listen ) ; Filipino : Pilipinas [ ˌpɪlɪˈpinɐs ] or Filipinas [ ˌfɪlɪˈpinɐs ] ) , officially the Republic of the Philippines ( Filipino : Republika ng Pilipinas ) , [ a ] is an archipelagic country in Southeast Asia . Situated in the western Pacific Ocean , it consists of about 7,641 islands that are broadly categorized under three main geographical divisions from north to south : Luzon , Visayas and Mindanao . The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City , both part of Metro Manila . Bounded by the South China Sea on the west , the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest , the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north , Japan to the northeast , Vietnam to the west , Palau to the east , and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south . The Philippines ' location on the Pacific Ring of Fire and close to the equator makes the Philippines prone to earthquakes and typhoons , but also endows it with abundant natural resources and some of the world 's greatest biodiversity . The Philippines is the world 's 5th largest island country with an area of 300,000 km2 ( 120,000 sq mi ) . As of 2015 , it had a population of at least 100 million . As of January 2018 [ update ] , it is the eighth-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world . Approximately 10 million additional Filipinos lived overseas , comprising one of the world 's largest diasporas . Multiple ethnicities and cultures are found throughout the islands . In prehistoric times , Negritos were some of the archipelago 's earliest inhabitants . They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottish_Borders", "text": "The Scottish Borders ( Scots : The Mairches , lit . The Marches ; Scottish Gaelic : Crìochan na h-Alba ) is one of 32 council areas of Scotland . It borders the City of Edinburgh , Dumfries and Galloway , East Lothian , Midlothian , South Lanarkshire , West Lothian and , to the south-west , south and east , the English counties of Cumbria and Northumberland . The administrative centre of the area is Newtown St Boswells . The term Scottish Borders is also used to designate the areas of southern Scotland and northern England that bound the Anglo-Scottish border ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas_A&M_University", "text": "Texas A & M University ( Texas A & M or A & M ) is a public research university founded in 1876 and located in College Station , Texas . In 1948 , Texas A & M University became the founding member of the Texas A & M University System . As of 2017 [ update ] , Texas A & M 's student body is the largest in Texas and one of the largest in the United States . Texas A & M 's designation as a land , sea , and space grant institution - the only university in Texas to hold all three designations - reflects a range of research with ongoing projects funded by organizations such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the National Institutes of Health , the National Science Foundation , and the Office of Naval Research . In 2001 , Texas A & M was inducted as a member of the Association of American Universities . The school 's students , alumni - over 500,000 strong - and sports teams are known as Aggies . The Texas A & M Aggies athletes compete in 18 varsity sports as a member of the Southeastern Conference . The first public institution of higher education in Texas , the school opened on October 4 , 1876 , as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas under the provisions of the Morrill Land-Grant Acts . Originally , the college taught no classes in agriculture , instead concentrating on classical studies , languages , literature , and applied mathematics . After four years , students could attain degrees in scientific agriculture , civil and mechanical engineering , and language and literature . Under the leadership of President James Earl Rudder in the 1960s , A.M.C . desegregated , became coeducational , and dropped the requirement for participation in the Corps of Cadets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Zafiros_(trio)", "text": "The folk trio Los Zafiros were a band in the late 1960s and early 1970s who played traditional South American style music , although they actually originated in Spain . Their most notable performances were on British television variety shows of the period . They made several appearances on The Morecambe and Wise Show ( 1968-1971 ) and with Benny Hill . Their membership consisted of Alberto Martin ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Jose Paris ( lead vocal , guitar ) , Ricardo Ogando ( vocals , guitar ) and Pepe Pazos ( vocals , requinto guitar ) . In 1970 they released the LP The Romantic World of Los Zafiros released by RCA International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikola_Jurišić", "text": "Baron Nikola Jurišić ( Hungarian : Miklós Jurisics ; c. 1490 - 1545 ) was a Croatian nobleman , soldier , and diplomat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Port_of_Rotterdam", "text": "The Port of Rotterdam is the largest seaport in Europe , located in the city of Rotterdam in South Holland , Netherlands . From 1962 until 2004 it was the world 's busiest port , now overtaken first by Singapore and then Shanghai . In 2011 , Rotterdam was the world 's eleventh-largest container port in terms of twenty-foot equivalent units ( TEU ) handled ( 2009 : tenth ; 2008 : ninth , 2006 : sixth ) . In 2012 Rotterdam was the world 's sixth-largest port in terms of annual cargo tonnage . Covering 105 square kilometres ( 41 sq mi ) , the port of Rotterdam now stretches over a distance of 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) . It consists of the city centre 's historic harbour area , including Delfshaven ; the Maashaven/Rijnhaven/Feijenoord complex ; the harbours around Nieuw-Mathenesse ; Waalhaven ; Vondelingenplaat ; Eemhaven ; Botlek ; Europoort , situated along the Calandkanaal , Nieuwe Waterweg and Scheur ( the latter two being continuations of the Nieuwe Maas ) ; and the reclaimed Maasvlakte area , which projects into the North Sea . The Port of Rotterdam is located in the middle of the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta . Rotterdam consists of five distinct port areas and three distribution parks that facilitate the needs of a hinterland with over 50,000,000 consumers throughout the continent of Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1982–83_New_York_Islanders_season", "text": "The 1982-83 New York Islanders season was the 11th season in the franchise 's history . It involved winning their fourth consecutive Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Kamghain", "text": "Jimmy Kamghain ( born 3 July 1992 , Avignon ) is a French footballer , who is currently playing for Poissy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_BATE_Borisov", "text": "FC BATE Borisov ( Belarusian : ФК БАТЭ Барысаў , IPA : [ baˈtɛ ] ; Russian : ФК БАТЭ Борисов , FK BATE Borisov [ bɐˈtɛ bɐˈrʲisəf ] ) is a professional Belarusian football team from the city of Barysaw . The club competes in the Belarusian Premier League , of which they are the league 's most successful club with 15 titles , including 13 won consecutively . The club has also won three Belarusian Cups and four Belarusian Super Cups . BATE is the only Belarusian team to have qualified for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League ( 2008-09 , 2011-12 , 2012-13 , 2014-15 and 2015-16 ) and one of two to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Europa League ( 2009-10 , 2010-11 , 2017-18 and 2018-19 ) , along with Dinamo Minsk . The club 's home stadium is Borisov Arena , which was opened in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019–20_Fordham_Rams_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2019-20 Fordham Rams men 's basketball team represents Fordham University during the 2019-20 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Rams , led by fifth-year head coach Jeff Neubauer , play their home games at Rose Hill Gymnasium in The Bronx , New York as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Judo_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_66_kg", "text": "Men 's 66 kg competition in judo at the 2004 Summer Olympics was held on August 15 at the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall . This event was the second-lightest of the men 's judo weight classes , limiting competitors to a maximum of 66 kilograms of body mass . Like all other judo events , bouts lasted five minutes . If the bout was still tied at the end , it was extended for another five-minute , sudden-death period ; if neither judoka scored during that period , the match is decided by the judges . The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match . There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals . Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage . The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket 's repechage in bronze medal bouts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bridgette_Gordon", "text": "Bridgette C. Gordon ( born April 27 , 1967 ) is an American retired female professional basketball player . She was a member of the United States women 's national basketball team , that claimed the gold medal at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul , South Korea . In 2007 , Gordon was elected to the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame , located in Knoxville , Tennessee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Neish", "text": "Bruce Neish ( born 23 August 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1970s . On debut , Neish kicked four out of his team 's seven goals in a loss to Melbourne at the MCG . He spent two further seasons in the VFL , the second of which was with Footscray . Neish was used mainly as a half back and ruck rover . He was with Sunshine for one and a half years before moving to Tasmania in 1974 where he played for East Devonport and then North Launceston . Neith represented the Tasmanian interstate team in the 1975 Knockout Carnival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NZZ_Mediengruppe", "text": "NZZ ( Neue Zürcher Zeitung ) Mediengruppe ( also known as AG für die Neue Zürcher Zeitung ) is a media company which deals with the activities related to newspaper , magazine , book publishing and television broadcasting in Zurich , Switzerland . The company has products for the German-speaking regions of the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chişinău_International_Airport", "text": "Chișinău International Airport ( IATA : KIV , ICAO : LUKK ) is Moldova 's main international airport , located 13 km ( 8.1 mi ) southeast of the centre of Chișinău , the capital city . It serves as headquarters for Air Moldova , the country 's national airline . The IATA airport code KIV is derived from Kishinev ( the Russian name of the city ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Johnson", "text": "Samuel Robert Johnson ( born October 11 , 1930 ) is an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Texas 's 3rd congressional district in Congress from 1991 to 2019 . He is a member of the Republican Party . In October-November 2015 , he was the acting Chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means , where he also served as chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee . Johnson is also a retired United States Air Force Colonel and was a decorated fighter pilot in both the Korean War and the Vietnam War where in the latter he was an American prisoner of war in North Vietnam for nearly seven years . On January 6 , 2017 , Johnson announced he would not run for reelection in 2018 . After the death of Louise Slaughter in March 2018 , he became the oldest sitting member of the U.S. House of Representatives . He is the last Korean War veteran to serve in Congress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weserstadion", "text": "Weserstadion ( German pronunciation : [ ˈveːzɐˌʃtaːdi̯ɔn ] ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Bremen , Germany . The Weserstadion is scenically situated on the north bank of the Weser River and is surrounded by lush green parks ( the name 'Werder ' is a regional German word for river peninsula ) . The city center is only about a kilometre away . It is the home stadium of German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen . Artists that have performed at the stadium include Bon Jovi , Michael Jackson , Tina Turner , Depeche Mode , Metallica , The Rolling Stones , Guns N ' Roses and Van Halen , among others . The stadium originally included an athletics track , but that was partially removed in 2002 when the pitch was sunk by 2.1 metres ( 6 ft 11 in ) and the stands at the straights were lengthened to the new pitch . With this the capacity rose with about 8,000 places . In 2004 four office towers were built behind the north stand . These towers offer a restaurant and offices for the club and local companies . Starting in 2008 the stadium was completely rebuilt . The façade was coated with photovoltaic panels and a new roof was built on top of the old roof supporting structure ( the old roof itself was torn down ) . Both ends ( east and west ) were torn down and rebuilt parallel to the endline of the pitch , removing what was left of the old athletics track ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orion_Mall", "text": "Orion Mall is a shopping mall at Brigade Gateway Enclave in Bangalore , Karnataka , India developed by Brigade Group ( Developer ) . The mall with a total shopping area of 1 million sq.ft . is the 3rd largest in Bangalore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tingvalla_IP", "text": "Tingvalla Idrottsplats , Tingvalla IP , is a stadium in Karlstad , Sweden and is the home ground of the football team Carlstad United and the American football team Carlstad Crusaders . It is also used for athletic events and other sports and gatherings . Built in 1919 , it has a capacity of 10,000 ( of which only 1,100 are seated ) . The attendance record was set on 24 August 2000 , when 10,421 spectators saw Carlstad United play S.S. Lazio . As the football club Karlstad BK ( KBK ) is about to play its matches in Division 2 ( 4th highest level ) on Tingvalla IP , the municipality decided in 2010 to make a small renovation of the facility , including a new stand for 250 persons , a new match clock and new fences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pro_Bowl", "text": "The Pro Bowl is the all-star game of the National Football League ( NFL ) . From the merger with the rival American Football League ( AFL ) in 1970 up through 2013 and since 2017 , it is officially called the AFC-NFC Pro Bowl , matching the top players in the American Football Conference ( AFC ) against those in the National Football Conference ( NFC ) . From 2014 through 2016 , the NFL experimented with an unconferenced format , where the teams were selected by two honorary team captains ( who are each in the Hall of Fame ) , instead of selecting players from each conference . The players were picked in a televised schoolyard pick prior to the game . Unlike most major sports leagues , which hold their all-star games roughly midway through their regular seasons , the Pro Bowl is played around the end of the NFL season . The first official Pro Bowl was played in January 1951 , three weeks after the 1950 NFL Championship Game ( between 1939 and 1942 , the NFL experimented with all-star games pitting the league 's champion against a team of all-stars ) . Between 1970 and 2009 , the Pro Bowl was usually held the weekend after the Super Bowl . Since 2010 , it has been played the weekend before the Super Bowl . Players from the two teams competing in the Super Bowl do not participate . For years , the game has suffered from lack of interest due to perceived low quality , with observers and commentators expressing their disfavor with it in its current state . It draws lower TV ratings than regular season NFL games , although the game draws similar ratings to other major all-star games , such as the Major League Baseball All-Star Game . However , the biggest concern of teams is to avoid injuries to the star players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/M._Jamal_Deen", "text": "Mohamed Jamal Deen CM is an Indo-Guyanese person who is a Professor and Senior Canada Research Chair in Information Technology at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . He is also the Director of the Micro- and Nano-Systems Laboratory . [ nb 1 ] His research specialty are in the broad areas of electrical engineering and applied physics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lima", "text": "Lima ( /ˈliːmə/ , Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈlima ] ; Quechua : Limaq ) is the capital and the largest city of Peru . It is located in the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers , in the central coastal part of the country , overlooking the Pacific Ocean . Together with the seaport of Callao , it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area . With a population of more than 9 million , Lima is the most populous metropolitan area of Peru and the third-largest city in the Americas ( as defined by city proper ) , behind São Paulo and Mexico City . Lima was named by natives in the agricultural region known by native Peruvians as Limaq , a name that it had acquired over time . It became the capital and most important city in the Viceroyalty of Peru . Following the Peruvian War of Independence , it became the capital of the Republic of Peru ( República del Perú ) . Around one-third of the national population lives in the metropolitan area . Lima is home to one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in the New World . The National University of San Marcos , founded on 12 May 1551 , during the Spanish colonial empire , is the first officially established and the oldest continuously functioning university in the Americas . Nowadays the city is considered as the political , cultural , financial and commercial center of the country . Internationally , it is one of the thirty most populated urban agglomerations in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warner_Bros.", "text": "Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. ( also simply known as Warner Bros. and initialized as WB ) is an American entertainment company headquartered in Burbank , California , and a division of AT & T 's WarnerMedia . Founded in 1923 , it has operations in areas such as film , television , and video games and is one of the Big Five major American film studios , as well as a member of the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) . The company 's portfolio encompasses the film studios Warner Bros. Pictures , New Line Cinema , Castle Rock Entertainment and DC Films ; the television production and syndication company Warner Bros. Television ; the animation studios Warner Bros . Animation and Warner Animation Group ; the publisher DC Comics ; the video game development and publishing arm Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment ; the pay television channels Cartoon Network , Boomerang and Turner Classic Movies ; and a 50% interest in The CW television network , which is co-owned with ViacomCBS . Aside from content operations , Warner Bros. also has several theme parks that are managed and operated by third party companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mons_Hadley", "text": "Mons Hadley is a massif in the northern portion of the Montes Apenninus , a range in the northern hemisphere of the Moon . It has a height of 4.2 km ( 14,000 ft ) above the adjacent plain and a maximum diameter of 25 km at the base . To the southwest of this mountain is a valley that served as the landing site for the Apollo 15 expedition . To the southwest of this same valley is the slightly smaller Mons Hadley Delta ( δ ) peak with a height of about 3.5 km above the valley floor . Mons Hadley Delta was visited and sampled by the astronauts , but Mons Hadley itself was only photographed from the surface . To the west of these peaks is the sinuous Rima Hadley rille . These features were named after the English mathematician John Hadley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2012", "text": "The 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on Thursday , November 15 , 2012 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . It was the fifth time the awards was held at this venue and in Las Vegas . It also marks the last year in the Latin Recording Academy 's contract where the Mandalay Bay Events Center hosted . It is unknown if the awards will continue to be held at this location beyond 2012 . Recordings must have been released between July 1 , 2011 and June 30 , 2012 in order to be eligible for the 13th Latin Grammy Awards . Nominations were announced on September 25 , 2012 . Juan Luis Guerra led the nominations field with six ; Jesse & Joy earned five nods ; Ricardo Arjona , Edgar Barrera , Juanes , Carla Morrison , Arturo Sandoval , Ivete Sangalo , and Caetano Veloso each received four nominations . The telecast was aired on Univision at 8pm/7c . Caetano Veloso was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 14 , 2012 . Jesse & Joy won four awards including Record of the Year and Song of the Year for ¡Corre ! , Juanes took the Album of the Year for MTV Unplugged and 3BallMTY was named Best New Artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Doors_(album)", "text": "The Doors is the debut album by the American rock band the Doors . Recorded in 1966 at Sunset Sound Recorders , Hollywood , California , it was produced by Paul A. Rothchild and released on January 4 , 1967 . The album features their breakthrough single Light My Fire and the lengthy song The End with its Oedipal spoken word section . The Doors was central to the progression of psychedelic rock , and has been critically acclaimed . In 2012 it was ranked No . 42 in Rolling Stone magazine 's 500 greatest albums of all time . The original album has sold 20 million copies , and has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame ; Light My Fire was also inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame . It has been reissued several times on CD , including a 1999 remaster in 96/24 bit advanced resolution , a 2007 remixed 40th Anniversary new mix and a 2017 new remaster in stereo and mono - 50th Anniversary Deluxe Edition . In 2015 the Library of Congress selected The Doors for inclusion in the National Recording Registry based on its cultural , artistic or historical significance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramakrishna_(actor)", "text": "Ramakrishna ( born c. 1951 ) , also known as Neernalli Ramakrishna , is an Indian actor who works predominantly in Kannada cinema , and known for his portrayal of character roles as a lead actor . He was born into the Havyaka Brahmin community in Neernalli , near Sirsi , in the erstwhile North Canara ( now Uttara Kannada ) region of Mysore State . In his career spanning over 30 years , he has appeared in over 200 films , mostly Kannada and a handful in Tamil and Telugu cinema ; he appeared in a lead role in K. Balachander 's Poikkal Kudhirai ( 1983 ) . A protégé of the renowned filmmaker Puttanna Kanagal , he featured in some of the latter 's best works such as Ranganayaki ( 1981 ) , Maanasa Sarovara and Amrutha Ghalige ( 1984 ) . Since the 1990s , he has appeared mostly in supporting roles . At the 2004 general elections , he contested from the erstwhile Kanara Lok Sabha constituency and lost , representing the Janata Party ( JP ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simplon_Pass", "text": "The Simplon Pass ( French : Col du Simplon ; German : Simplonpass ; Italian : Passo del Sempione ) ( 2,005 m or 6,578 ft ) is a high mountain pass between the Pennine Alps and the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland . It connects Brig in the canton of Valais with Domodossola in Piedmont ( Italy ) . The pass itself and the villages on each side of it , such as Gondo , are in Switzerland . The Simplon Tunnel was built beneath the vicinity of the pass in the early 20th century to carry rail traffic between the two countries . The lowest point of the col , and the lowest point on the watershed between the basins of the Rhone and the Po in Switzerland lies in marshland about 500 m ( 1,640 ft ) west of the Simplon Pass settlement at an altitude of 1,994 m or 6,542 ft. Rotelsee is a lake located near the pass at an elevation of 2,028 m ( 6,654 ft ) . There are several great peaks around that can be climbed directly from the pass . These include Wasenhorn , Hubschhorn , Breithorn ( Simplon ) , and Monte Leone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weird-Oh's", "text": "Weird-Oh 's is a short-lived American/Canadian computer animated series produced by DHX Media . The series originally aired on Fox Family in the United States and YTV in Canada . It starred a cast of deformed characters and their misadventures in Weirdsville , a place just off Route 66 . Among the cast of characters were three main characters , named Digger , Eddie and Portia . It featured a beginning sequence where the characters would be seen racing ( similar to the product the series was based on of the same name ) . Only 13 episodes of the series were ever produced . The concept and characters were based on the Weird-Ohs series of polystyrene model kits by the Hawk Company . The characters in the model kits were popular in the early 1960s as satire on America 's car culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Löfbergs_Arena", "text": "Löfbergs Arena is an arena located in Karlstad , Sweden , situated just above the river delta of Klarälven . It is primarily used for ice hockey , and is the home arena of Färjestad BK . It opened in 2001 following a complete overhaul and major expansion of the previously existing arena Färjestads Ishall . It replaced Färjestads Ishall as the home of Färjestad and has a capacity of 8,647 people . The name of the arena comes from the coffee roastery Löfbergs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Mario_Bros._2", "text": "Super Mario Bros. 2 [ a ] is a platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System . The game was first released in North America in October 1988 , and in the PAL region the following year . It has been remade or re-released for several video game consoles . The game is the product of a circle of influences following the breakthrough success of Super Mario Bros. ( 1985 ) . The sequel prototype is based on two cooperative players lifting and throwing each other , lifting and stacking objects , and scrolling the screen upward - a design too complex for the Famicom hardware and with dissatisfying gameplay . This ambitious concept was postponed in favor of a quicker upgrade to the original Super Mario Bros. engine , released in Japan as the notoriously challenging Super Mario Bros. 2 . The Mario team resumed development of the prototype for another interim game , Yume Kōjō : Doki Doki Panic ( 1987 ) . Instead of Mario graphics , this advergame was branded with the characters and themes of Fuji Television 's technology expo called Yume Kōjō '87 ( lit . Dream Factory ) . Nintendo of America decided Japan 's Super Mario Bros. 2 had gameplay too frustratingly difficult and too similar to Super Mario Bros. to be worth releasing into the recently crashed American market . Therefore , finally delivering upon the inspiration of the original prototype and creating a second official sequel , Nintendo cosmetically modified Yume Kōjō : Doki Doki Panic to become the international release of Super Mario Bros. 2 ( 1988 ) . :2 A commercial success , the international Super Mario Bros. 2 was re-released in Japan for the Famicom as Super Mario USA ( 1992 ) , as part of the Super Mario All-Stars ( 1993 ) collection for the Super NES ( including the Japanese Super Mario Bros. 2 as The Lost Levels ) , and as Super Mario Advance ( 2001 ) for the Game Boy Advance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tōdai-ji", "text": "Tōdai-ji ( 東大寺 , Eastern Great Temple ) is a Buddhist temple complex that was once one of the powerful Seven Great Temples , located in the city of Nara , Japan . Though it was originally founded in the year 738 CE , Todai-ji was not opened until the year 752 CE . Its Great Buddha Hall ( 大仏殿 Daibutsuden ) houses the world 's largest bronze statue of the Buddha Vairocana , known in Japanese as Daibutsu ( 大仏 ) . The temple also serves as the Japanese headquarters of the Kegon school of Buddhism . The temple is a listed UNESCO World Heritage Site as one of the Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara , together with seven other sites including temples , shrines and places in the city of Nara ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes_AMG_High_Performance_Powertrains", "text": "Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains ( previously known as Ilmor Engineering and Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines ) is a British Formula One engine manufacturer , owned by Mercedes-Benz . The company supplied Sauber during the 1994 season , McLaren from 1995 to 2014 , Force India from 2009 to 2018 , Brawn in 2009 , the Mercedes factory team since 2010 , Williams since 2014 , Lotus in 2015 , Manor Racing in 2016 , Racing Point Force India in 2018 and Racing Point since 2018 . Their engines have won eight Formula One Constructors ' Championships and ten Drivers ' Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fresno,_California", "text": "Fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ FREZ-noh ; Spanish for ash tree ) is a city in and the county seat of Fresno County , California , United States . It covers about 112 square miles ( 290 km2 ) in the center of the San Joaquin Valley , the southern portion of California 's Central Valley . Named for the abundant ash trees lining the San Joaquin River , Fresno was founded in 1872 as a railway station of the Central Pacific Railroad before it was incorporated in 1885 . The city has since become an economic hub of Fresno County and the San Joaquin Valley , with much of the surrounding areas in the Metropolitan Fresno region predominantly tied to large-scale agricultural production . The population of Fresno grew from 134,000 in 1960 to 428,000 in 2000 . With a census-estimated 2018 population of 530,093 , Fresno is the fifth-most populous city in California , the most populous inland city in California , and the 34th-most populous city in the nation . Fresno is near the geographical center of California . It lies approximately 220 miles ( 350 km ) north of Los Angeles , 170 miles ( 270 km ) south of the state capital , Sacramento , and 185 miles ( 300 km ) southeast of San Francisco . Yosemite National Park is about 60 miles ( 100 km ) to the north , Kings Canyon National Park is 60 miles ( 100 km ) to the east , and Sequoia National Park is 75 miles ( 120 km ) to the southeast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ola_Belle_Reed", "text": "Ola Belle Reed ( August 18 , 1916 - August 16 , 2002 ) was an American folk singer , songwriter and banjo player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ron_Artest", "text": "Metta World Peace ( born Ronald William Artest Jr. ; November 13 , 1979 ) is an American professional basketball coach and former player . He is currently the player development coach for the South Bay Lakers of the NBA G League . He was known as Ron Artest before legally changing his name in September 2011 . World Peace gained a reputation as one of the league 's premier defenders as he won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award in 2004 when he was also named an NBA All-Star and earned All-NBA honors . He was a participant in several controversial on-court incidents , most notably the Malice at the Palace , and is known for his sometimes eccentric and outspoken behavior . He won an NBA championship in 2010 as a member of the Los Angeles Lakers . Artest played high school basketball at La Salle Academy and college basketball at St. John 's University . He has played for six teams in the NBA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stuttgart", "text": "Stuttgart ( /ˈʃtʊtɡɑːrt/ SHTUUT-gart , also US : /ˈstʌt- , ˈstʊt-/ STU ( U ) T- ; German : [ ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt ] ( listen ) ; Swabian : Schduagert [ ˈʒ̊d̥ua̯ɡ̊ɛʕd̥ ] ; names in other languages ) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Baden-Württemberg . Stuttgart is located on the Neckar river in a fertile valley known locally as the Stuttgart Cauldron . It lies an hour from the Swabian Jura and the Black Forest . Its urban area has a population of 634,830 , making it the sixth largest city in Germany . 2.8 million people live in the city 's administrative region and 5.3 million people in its metropolitan area , making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Germany . The city and metropolitan area are consistently ranked among the top 20 European metropolitan areas by GDP ; Mercer listed Stuttgart as 21st on its 2015 list of cities by quality of living , [ a ] innovation agency 2thinknow ranked the city 24th globally out of 442 cities [ b ] and the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ranked the city as a Beta-status world city in their 2014 survey. , Stuttgart was one of the host cities of the official tournaments for the 1974 and 2006 FIFA World Cup . Since the 7th millennium BC , the Stuttgart area has been an important agricultural area and has been host to a number of cultures seeking to utilize the rich soil of the Neckar valley . The Roman Empire conquered the area in 83 AD and built a massive castrum near Bad Cannstatt , making it the most important regional centre for several centuries . Stuttgart 's roots were truly laid in the 10th century with its founding by Liudolf , Duke of Swabia , as a stud farm for his warhorses . Initially overshadowed by nearby Cannstatt , the town grew steadily and was granted a charter in 1320 . The fortunes of Stuttgart turned with those of the House of Württemberg , and they made it the capital of their county , duchy , and kingdom from the 15th century to 1918 . Stuttgart prospered despite setbacks in the Thirty Years ' War and devastating air raids by the Allies on the city and its automobile production during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Petersen", "text": "Christopher Scott Petersen ( born October 13 , 1964 ) is an American football coach who was most recently the head coach at the University of Washington . Previously the head coach for eight seasons at Boise State University , Petersen guided the Broncos to two BCS bowl wins : the ( 2006 Season ) 2007 and ( 2009 Season ) 2010 Fiesta Bowls . He is the first two-time winner of the Paul Bear Bryant Award , which he won in 2006 and 2009 . Petersen also won the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award in 2010 . At Washington , Petersen led the Huskies to the College Football Playoff in 2016 , but fell to Alabama in the Peach Bowl . Petersen announced his resignation on December 2 , 2019 , to be effective after the team 's bowl game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forward_(basketball)", "text": "There are five position in basketball . These positions are employed by all organized/unorganized basketball teams . They are defined as the point guard ( PG ) , the shooting guard ( SG ) , the small forward ( SF ) , the power forward ( PF ) , and the center ( C ) . The point guard is the de facto leader of the team on the court . This position requires substantial ball-handling skills and the ability to facilitate the team during a play . The shooting guard , as the name implies , is often the best shooter . As well as being capable of shooting accurately from longer distances , this position tends to also be the best defender on the team . The small forward often has an aggressive approach to the basket when handling the ball . The small forward is also known to make cuts to the basket in efforts to get open for shots . The power forward and the center are usually called the front-court , often acting as their team 's primary rebounders or shot blockers , or receiving passes to take inside shots . The center is typically the larger of the two ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AL_129-1", "text": "AL 129-1 is a fossilized knee joint of the species Australopithecus afarensis . It was discovered in Hadar , Ethiopia by Donald Johanson in November 1973 . It is estimated to be 3.4 million years old . Its characteristics include an elliptical Lateral condyle and an oblique femoral shaft like that found in humans , indicating bipedalism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Energy", "text": "The United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) is a cabinet-level department of the United States Government concerned with the United States ' policies regarding energy and safety in handling nuclear material . Its responsibilities include the nation 's nuclear weapons program , nuclear reactor production for the United States Navy , energy conservation , energy-related research , radioactive waste disposal , and domestic energy production . It also directs research in genomics ; the Human Genome Project originated in a DOE initiative . DOE sponsors more research in the physical sciences than any other U.S. federal agency , the majority of which is conducted through its system of National Laboratories . The agency is administered by the United States Secretary of Energy , and its headquarters are located in Southwest Washington , D.C. , on Independence Avenue in the James V. Forrestal Building , named for James Forrestal , as well as in Germantown , Maryland . Dan Brouillette is the Secretary of Energy as of December 11 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Social_work", "text": "Social work is an academic discipline and profession that concerns itself with individuals , families , groups , and communities in an effort to enhance social functioning and overall well-being . Social functioning is the way in which people perform their social roles , and the structural institutions that are provided [ by whom ? ] to sustain them . Social work applies social sciences , such as sociology , psychology , political science , public health , community development , law , and economics , to engage with client systems , conduct assessments , and develop interventions to solve social and personal problems ; and to bring about social change . Social work practice is often divided into micro-work , which involves working directly with individuals or small groups ; and macro-work , which involves working with communities , and - within social policy - fostering change on a larger scale . The social work industry developed in the 19th century , with some of its roots in voluntary philanthropy and in grassroots organizing . However , responses to social needs had existed long before then , primarily from private charities and from religious organizations . The effects of the Industrial Revolution and of the Great Depression of the 1930s placed pressure on social work to become a more defined discipline . [ need quotation to verify ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Africa", "text": "South Africa , officially the Republic of South Africa ( RSA ) , is the southernmost country in Africa . It is bounded to the south by 2,798 kilometres ( 1,739 mi ) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans ; to the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia , Botswana , and Zimbabwe ; and to the east and northeast by Mozambique and Eswatini ( Swaziland ) ; and it surrounds the enclaved country of Lesotho . South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa and the 24th-largest country in the world by land area and , with over 58 million people , is also the world 's 24th-most populous nation . It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere . About 80 percent of South Africans are of Bantu ancestry , divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different African languages , nine of which have official status . The remaining population consists of Africa 's largest communities of European , Asian ( Indian ) , and multiracial ( Coloured ) ancestry . South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures , languages , and religions . Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution 's recognition of 11 official languages , which is the fourth-highest number in the world . Two of these languages are of European origin : Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most coloured and white South Africans ; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism , and is commonly used in public and commercial life , though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language . The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century . However , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . During the 20th century , the black majority sought to claim more rights from the dominant white minority , with this struggle playing a large role in the country 's recent history and politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Shimali", "text": "Al-Shamali Athletic Club is a Sudanese football club based in Atbara . They played in the second division in Sudanese football , Sudan Premier League . Their home stadium is Atbara Stadium.The last time they played in the Sudan Premier League was in 2009"}
{"title": "/wiki/Phillip_Island_(Victoria)", "text": "Phillip Island is an Australian island about south-southeast of Melbourne , Victoria . The island was named after Governor Arthur Phillip , the first Governor of New South Wales , by explorer and seaman George Bass , who sailed in an open whale boat , arriving from Sydney on 5 January 1798 . Phillip Island forms a natural breakwater for the shallow waters of the Western Port . It is long and wide , with an area of about . It has of coastline and is part of the Bass Coast Shire . A concrete bridge ( originally a wooden bridge ) connects the mainland town San Remo with the island town Newhaven . In the 2011 census the island 's permanent population was 9,406 , compared to 7,071 in 2001 . During the summer , the population swells to 40,000 . 60% of the island is farmland devoted to grazing of sheep and cattle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drogheda_United_F.C.", "text": "Drogheda United Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Dhroichead Átha Aontaithe ) is an Irish association football club based in Drogheda , County Louth playing in the League of Ireland First Division . They play their home matches at United Park . The current club is the amalgamation of two former clubs in the town : Drogheda United , a non-league club founded in 1919 ; and Drogheda F.C. , founded in 1962 . The clubs merged their operations to form the current club in 1975 and have achieved success since 2005 by winning two Setanta Sports Cups , an FAI Cup , and their first league title , the 2007 League of Ireland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perry_County,_Missouri", "text": "Perry County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 18,971 . Its county seat is Perryville . The county was officially organized on November 16 , 1820 ( effective January 1 , 1821 ) from Ste . Genevieve County and was named after Oliver Hazard Perry , a naval hero of the War of 1812 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1985", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1985 , the third Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from the James L. Knight International Center Arena in Miami , Florida on 22 January 1985 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Kelly Hu of Hawaii was crowned by outgoing queen Cherise Haugen of Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thermal_diffusivity", "text": "In heat transfer analysis , thermal diffusivity is the thermal conductivity divided by density and specific heat capacity at constant pressure . It measures the rate of transfer of heat of a material from the hot end to the cold end . It has the SI derived unit of m²/s . Thermal diffusivity is usually denoted α but a , h , κ , K , and D are also used . The formula is :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Darby,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Darby is a borough in Delaware County , Pennsylvania , United States , along Darby Creek 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southwest of Center City , Philadelphia . Darby Borough is distinct from the nearby municipality of Darby Township ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rockford_Mass_Transit_District", "text": "The Rockford Mass Transit District is the public transportation operator for the metro area of Rockford , Illinois . Service is provided six days per week along 19 routes , with several of these routes being combined into five Sunday routes that service a large portion of the system . The core of the system is contained in The City Loop ( Route 16 clockwise and 17 counterclockwise ) , which interconnects with every other service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997–98_NHL_season", "text": "The 1997-98 NHL season was the 81st regular season of the National Hockey League . The Stanley Cup champions were the Detroit Red Wings , who swept the Washington Capitals in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cap_Anson", "text": "Adrian Constantine Anson ( April 17 , 1852 - April 14 , 1922 ) , nicknamed Cap ( for Captain ) and Pop , was an American Major League Baseball ( MLB ) first baseman . Including his time in the National Association ( NA ) , he played a record 27 consecutive seasons . Anson was regarded as one of the greatest players of his era and one of the first superstars of the game . Anson spent most of his career with the Chicago Cubs franchise ( then known as the White Stockings and later the Colts ) , serving as the club 's manager , first baseman and , later in his tenure , minority owner . He led the team to six National League pennants in the 1880s . Anson was one of baseball 's first great hitters , and probably the first to tally over 3,000 career hits . His contemporary influence and prestige are regarded by historians as playing a major role in establishing the racial segregation in professional baseball that persisted until the late 1940s . On several occasions , Anson refused to take the field when the opposing roster included black players . Anson may have influenced the most noted vote in 19th-century professional baseball in favor of segregation : a July 14 , 1887 one by the high-minor International League to ban the signing of new contracts with black players . After retiring as a player and leaving the Colts , Anson briefly managed the New York Giants . He ran several enterprises in Chicago , including opening a billiards and bowling hall and running a semi-professional baseball team he dubbed Anson 's Colts . Anson also toured extensively on the vaudeville circuit , performing monologues and songs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Avalanches", "text": "The Avalanches are an Australian electronic music group formed in Melbourne in 1997 . They are known for their two studio albums Since I Left You ( 2000 ) and Wildflower ( 2016 ) , as well as their live and recorded DJ sets . Since I Left You was a critical and commercial success , receiving multiple awards , and has been considered both one of the best albums of the 2000s and best Australian albums of all time . It was followed in 2016 by Wildflower , which also received critical acclaim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muynak_Airport", "text": "The airfield Muynak as 3rd class airport , was able to take the An-24 , Yak-40 and additional light aircraft , as well as helicopters and so on . From the 1960s to the early 1990s , an An-2 aircraft link was based at the aerodrome ; up to 19 passenger flights were made on local air lines ( in particular , to Kungrad , Nukus , Urgench , Takhtakupyr , Kazakhdarya , Aspantay , Tuley ) points . Since the 1990s , it has been used as a landing platform for aerial work ( in particular , for agrochemical measures to combat locust foci in the southern Aral Sea region ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2006", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2006 were held in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada on the weekend of 31 March to 2 April 2006 . These ceremonies honour music industry achievements in Canada during the previous year . The primary ceremonies were hosted by Pamela Anderson at the Halifax Metro Centre on 2 April and televised on CTV . Buck 65 was the ceremony 's introduction and preview announcer . Music artists Bedouin Soundclash , Broken Social Scene , Divine Brown , Hedley , Massari and Nickelback performed songs at these ceremonies . Also performing were the co-winners for the 2006 International Album of the Year , The Black Eyed Peas and Coldplay . Bryan Adams was the 2006 inductee into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame . Chris Martin of Coldplay introduced Adams at the primary ceremony . Michael Bublé won four awards , more than any other individual that year . Besides winning Artist of the Year , his album It 's Time won in both the Album of the Year and Pop Album of the Year categories . His song Home from that album was declared Single of the Year . Awards for most categories were presented on 1 April in a non-televised ceremony at the Halifax World Trade and Convention Centre hosted by Jully Black , with performances by Kardinal Offishall , The Road Hammers and Martha Wainwright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/And_Another_Thing..._(novel)", "text": "And Another Thing . is the sixth and final installment of Douglas Adams ' The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy . The book , written by Eoin Colfer , author of the Artemis Fowl series , was published on the thirtieth anniversary of the first book , 12 October 2009 , in hardback . It was published by Penguin Books in the UK and by Hyperion Books in the US . Colfer was given permission to write the book by Adams ' widow Jane Belson . Unlike the previous Hitchhiker 's sequels , the title is not a quotation from the first novel , but taken from the third chapter of So Long , and Thanks for All the Fish , where it appears in the following passage :"}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_IIHF_World_U18_Championship_Division_II", "text": "The 2015 IIHF U18 World Championship Division II was a pair of international under-18 ice hockey tournaments organised by the International Ice Hockey Federation . The Division II A and Division II B tournaments represent the fourth and the fifth tier of the IIHF World U18 Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russian_Space_Research_Institute", "text": "The Russian Space Research Institute ( Russian : Институт космических исследований Российской академии наук , Space Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences , Russian abbreviation : ИКИ РАН , IKI RAN ) is the leading organization of the Russian Academy of Sciences on space exploration to benefit fundamental science . It was formerly known as the Space Research Institute of the USSR Academy of Sciences ( Russian abbr . : ИКИ АН СССР , IKI AN SSSR ) . The Institute is located in Moscow with a staff of 289 scientists . It conducts scientific research in the fields of astrophysics , planetary science , solar physics , Sun-Earth relations , cosmic plasma , and geophysics . IKI also develops and tests space technologies in collaboration with the Russian Academy of Sciences and the Federal Space Agency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mityana", "text": "Mityana , is a town in the Central Region of Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative , and commercial center of Mityana District , and the district headquarters are located there ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The Japan Open is an annual table tennis tournament in Japan , run by the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It is currently part of the ITTF World Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Diefenbaker", "text": "Lake Diefenbaker is a reservoir and bifurcation lake in Southern Saskatchewan , Canada . It was formed by the construction of Gardiner Dam and the Qu'Appelle River Dam across the South Saskatchewan and Qu'Appelle Rivers respectively . Construction began in 1959 and the lake was filled in 1967 . The lake is 225 kilometres ( 140 mi ) long with approximately 800 kilometres ( 500 mi ) of shoreline . It has a maximum depth of 66 metres ( 217 ft ) , while the water levels regularly fluctuate 3-9 metres ( 9-27 feet ) each year . Lake Diefenbaker provides water for domestic irrigation and town water supplies . The flow of the two rivers is now regulated with a considerable portion of the South Saskatchewan diverted into the Qu'Appelle . Prior to the dams ' construction , high water levels in the South Saskatchewan would frequently cause dangerous ice conditions downstream in Saskatoon while the Qu'Appelle would frequently dry up in the summer months . Lake Diefenbaker is the largest body of water in southern Saskatchewan , although Last Mountain Lake is the largest naturally occurring one . Lake Diefenbaker was named after John G. Diefenbaker , former Prime Minister of Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valdosta,_Georgia", "text": "Valdosta is a city in and the county seat of Lowndes County , Georgia , United States . As of 2018 , Valdosta had an estimated population of 56,426 , and is the 14th largest city in Georgia . Valdosta is the principal city of the Valdosta Metropolitan Statistical Area , which in 2010 had a population of 139,588 . It includes Brooks County to the west . Valdosta is the home of Valdosta State University , a regional university in the University System of Georgia with over 10,900 students . The local public Valdosta High School has the football program with the most wins of any high school in the United States . Valdosta is called the Azalea City , as the plant grows in profusion there . The city hosts an annual Azalea Festival in March ."}
{"title": "/wiki/White_Hill_Studio", "text": "White Hill Studios is an Indian film studio in the Punjabi industry . The studio 's activities range over production , creative development , distribution and marketing of films in Punjab and worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Covington", "text": "Robert Covington ( born December 14 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The small forward played college basketball for the Tennessee State Tigers . In 2018 , he was named to the NBA All-Defensive First Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_of_Shellharbour", "text": "The City of Shellharbour is a local government area in the Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia . The City is located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) south of Sydney and covers the southern suburbs of the Wollongong urban area centred on Shellharbour and it had an estimated population of 68,460 at the 2016 census . The area is bordered by the City of Wollongong to the north , with the boundary being the Lake Illawarra entrance ( and the suburb of Lake Illawarra ) and Macquarie Rivulet ( Albion Park Rail ) . The Municipality of Kiama is to the south of the City of Shellharbour . The Mayor of the Shellharbour City Council is Cr . Marianne Saliba , a member of the Labor Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_Pacific_Games", "text": "The 2015 Pacific Games , also known as Port Moresby 2015 or POM 2015 , was held in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea , from 4 to 18 July 2015 . It was the fifteenth staging of the Pacific Games as well as the third to be hosted in Port Moresby . More than 3,700 athletes from the 22 Pacific Games Associations plus first time entrants Australia and New Zealand , took part . With almost 300 sets of medals , the games featured 28 sports , 19 of which are on the 2016 Summer Olympics program . Only men 's football was a straight qualifying event for Rio 2016 . These sporting events took place in 14 venues in the host city . The host nation , Papua New Guinea , topped the medal table for only the second time , winning the most golds ( 88 ) and most medals overall ( 217 ) . New Caledonia finished second making it only the third time the French territory had failed to place first . Tahiti finished third . Tuvalu won its first ever gold medal at the games , and the debutant teams from Australia and New Zealand won their first Pacific Games medals including gold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_African_Baptist_Church_at_Raccoon_Bluff", "text": "The First African Baptist Church at Raccoon Bluff is a historic church on Sapelo Island , Georgia . The church was built in c.1899-1900 and is the last surviving remnant of the Raccoon Bluff community , once the largest community on Sapelo Island . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 . The congregation was founded in 1866 and was the only church congregation on Sapelo Island until 1884 . Its church was at Hanging Bull , on the west side of the island . That church was destroyed by the hurricane of October 2 , 1898 , and residents of Hanging Bull dispersed . The congregation then built this church at Raccoon Bluff c.1899-1900 , using lumber washed up on the shore from the hurricane . Due to pressure to consolidate population of Sapelo Island only in Hog Hammock , so that the rest of the island could be a hunting preserve , the congregation shifted its worship to Hog Hammock in 1963 . In 1968 the congregation built a new church there , the First African Baptist Church . In 2000 , the First African Baptist Church at Raccoon Bluff was restored . by Sapelo Island residents , the state of Georgia , and students from the Savannah College of Art and Design ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Ripa", "text": "Kelly Maria Ripa ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American actress , dancer , talk show hostess , and television producer . Ripa portrayed Hayley Vaughan on the ABC daytime soap opera , All My Children , between 1990 and 2002 . She is the co-host of the syndicated morning talk show , Live ! with Kelly and Ryan , in various formats since 2001 . She also played Faith Fairfield on the ABC sitcom , Hope & Faith , from 2003 to 2006 . Ripa and her husband , Mark Consuelos , own a New York-based production company , Milojo . In 2014 , The Hollywood Reporter named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_tackle", "text": "A defensive tackle ( DT ) is typically the largest and strongest of the defensive players in American football . The defensive tackle typically lines up opposite one of the offensive guards . Depending on a team 's individual defensive scheme , a defensive tackle may be called upon to fill several different roles . These roles may include merely holding the point of attack by refusing to be moved or penetrating a certain gap between offensive linemen to break up a play in the opponent 's backfield . If a defensive tackle reads a pass play , his primary responsibility is to pursue the quarterback , or simply knock the pass down at the line if it is within arm 's reach . Other responsibilities of the defensive tackle may be to pursue the screen pass or drop into coverage in a zone blitz scheme . In a traditional 4-3 defense , there is no nose tackle . Instead there is a left and right defensive tackle . Some teams , especially in the National Football League ( NFL ) , do have a nose tackle in this scheme , but most of them do not ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Ripa", "text": "Kelly Maria Ripa ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American actress , dancer , talk show hostess , and television producer . Ripa portrayed Hayley Vaughan on the ABC daytime soap opera , All My Children , between 1990 and 2002 . She is the co-host of the syndicated morning talk show , Live ! with Kelly and Ryan , in various formats since 2001 . She also played Faith Fairfield on the ABC sitcom , Hope & Faith , from 2003 to 2006 . Ripa and her husband , Mark Consuelos , own a New York-based production company , Milojo . In 2014 , The Hollywood Reporter named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Fribourg", "text": "The canton of Fribourg , also canton of Friburg ( French : canton de Fribourg , German : Kanton Freiburg ( help·info ) ) is located in western Switzerland . The canton is bilingual , with French spoken by two thirds of the citizens and German by about one third . Both are official languages in the canton . The canton takes its name from its capital city of Fribourg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fluxbox", "text": "Fluxbox is a stacking window manager for the X Window System , which started as a fork of Blackbox 0.61.1 in 2001 , with the same aim to be lightweight . Its user interface has only a taskbar , a pop-up menu accessible by right-clicking on the desktop , and minimal support for graphical icons . All basic configurations are controlled by text files , including the construction of menus and the mapping of key-bindings . Fluxbox has high compliance to the Extended Window Manager Hints specification . Fluxbox is basic in appearance , but it can show a few options for improved attractiveness : colors , gradients , borders , and several other basic appearance attributes can be specified . Recent versions support rounded corners and graphical elements . Effects managers such as xcompmgr , cairo-compmgr and transset-df ( deprecated ) can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows . Enhancements can also be provided by using iDesk or fbdesk , SpaceFM , PCMan_File_Manager or the ROX Desktop . Fluxbox also has several features Blackbox lacks , including tabbed windows and a configurable titlebar . Because of its small memory footprint and quick loading time , Fluxbox is popular in many Live CDs such as GParted . It was the default window manager of Damn Small Linux and antiX , but was replaced with JWM in 2007 and 2009 respectively . It is currently the default window manager of PCFluxboxOS , a remaster of PCLinuxOS , and of Linux Mint Fluxbox CE ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newark,_Delaware", "text": "Newark ( /ˈnuːɑːrk/ NEW-ark ) [ note 1 ] is a city in New Castle County , Delaware , United States . It is located 12 miles ( 19 km ) west-southwest of Wilmington . According to the 2010 Census , the population of the city is 31,454 . Newark is home to the University of Delaware ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2003", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2003 were presented in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada on 6 April 2003 . The primary awards ceremony was hosted that evening by Shania Twain at the Corel Centre ( now Canadian Tire Centre ) and televised on CTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felda_United_F.C.", "text": "FELDA United Football Club is a professional Malaysian football club based in Jengka , Pahang which is owned by Federal Land Development Authority ( FELDA ) . The club currently plays in the top division of Malaysian football , Malaysia Super League , after being crowned the 2018 Malaysia Premier League Champions to be promoted into the Super League . Known as The Fighters among the fans , FELDA United has participated in the Malaysian football league since 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stickney,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Stickney is a linear village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It was an ancient parish in Lincoln County . Its population has increased since late 20th-century immigration and is 1127 as of 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_Perry_(American_football)", "text": "Fletcher Joseph Perry ( January 22 , 1927 - April 25 , 2011 ) was a professional American football fullback in the All-America Football Conference ( AAFC ) and National Football League ( NFL ) . He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1948 to 1960 , the Baltimore Colts from 1961 to 1962 , and returned to the 49ers in 1963 for his final year in football . He was exceptionally fast , a trait uncommon for a fullback and one which earned him the nickname , the Jet . The first African-American to be named the NFL Most Valuable Player , he became one of American football 's first black stars . After playing a season of football for Compton Junior College , Perry joined the U.S. Navy . While playing football in the military , he was spotted by the 49ers , who signed him into the AAFC . He spent the next thirteen seasons playing for San Francisco , where he was featured in the Million Dollar Backfield , made three straight Pro Bowl appearances , and in 1954 was named the NFL MVP by United Press International ( UPI ) . He was the first player in the NFL to rush for 1,000 yards in consecutive seasons , doing so in 1953 and 1954 . Perry retired in 1963 as the league 's all-time leader in rushing yards , and in 1969 he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame . His jersey number 34 was retired by the 49ers in 1971 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biology_(song)", "text": "Biology is a song performed by English-Irish all-female pop group Girls Aloud , taken from their third studio album Chemistry ( 2005 ) . The song was written by Miranda Cooper , Brian Higgins and Higgins ' production team Xenomania , and produced by Higgins and Xenomania . Composed of distinct sections , it avoids the verse-chorus form present in most contemporary pop music . Biology was released as a single in November 2005 , ahead of the album 's release . Following the disappointment of Long Hot Summer , Biology returned Girls Aloud to the top five of the UK Singles Chart and became their tenth top ten hit . The music video , consisting only of group shots , witnesses Girls Aloud seamlessly move through various sequences while performing disjointed choreography . Biology was promoted through a number of live appearances and has since been performed on all of Girls Aloud 's subsequent concert tours . The song , which includes a variety of styles , received widespread acclaim from contemporary music critics . Considered one of Girls Aloud 's signature songs , The Guardian referred to Biology as the best pop single of the last decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drew_Gooden", "text": "Andrew Melvin Gooden III ( born September 24 , 1981 ) is a Finnish-American former professional basketball player who is a sports broadcaster for NBC Sports Washington . The power forward played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Gooden played college basketball for the Kansas Jayhawks , where he was a consensus first-team All-American in 2002 . He earned NBA All-Rookie First Team honors with the Memphis Grizzlies after they selected him in the first round of the 2002 NBA draft with the fourth overall pick ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/C.D._Howe", "text": "Clarence Decatur Howe , PC ( 15 January 1886 - 31 December 1960 ) was a powerful Canadian Cabinet minister , representing the Liberal Party . Howe served in the governments of Prime Ministers William Lyon Mackenzie King and Louis St. Laurent continuously from 1935 to 1957 . He is credited with transforming the Canadian economy from agriculture-based to industrial . During the Second World War , his involvement in the war effort was so extensive that he was nicknamed the Minister of Everything . Born in Massachusetts , Howe moved to Nova Scotia as a young adult to take up a professorship at Dalhousie University . After working for the Canadian government as an engineer , he began his own firm , and became a wealthy man . In 1935 , he was recruited as a Liberal candidate for the House of Commons of Canada by then Opposition leader Mackenzie King . The Liberals won the election in a landslide , and Howe won his seat . Mackenzie King appointed him to the Cabinet . There , he took major parts in many new enterprises , including the founding of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) and Trans-Canada Air Lines ( today Air Canada ) . When World War II began in 1939 , Howe played a crucial role in Canada 's war effort , and recruited many corporate executives ( as dollar-a-year-men ) to serve as executives in wartime enterprises . Howe 's impatience with the necessity for parliamentary debate of his proposals won him few friends , and he was often accused of dictatorial conduct by the Opposition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_of_Wollongong", "text": "The City of Wollongong is a local government area in the Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia . The area is situated adjacent to the Tasman Sea , the Southern Freeway and the South Coast railway line . Located 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Sydney central business district , the City of Wollongong covers 714 square kilometres ( 276 sq mi ) and occupies a narrow coastal strip bordered by the Royal National Park to the north , Lake Illawarra to the south , the Tasman Sea to the east and the Illawarra escarpment to the west . The Lord Mayor of the City of Wollongong Council is Cr . Gordon Bradbery AM , an independent politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harimau_Muda_A", "text": "Harimau Muda A was the club name for the former Malaysia Under-22 National Football Team , representing Malaysia in international football competitions such as the AFC U-22 Asian Cup , Champions Youth Cup as well as other under-22 international football tournaments . It was managed by Football Association of Malaysia . The squad was the feeder team for Malaysia U-23 and senior national football team . In 2015 , Harimau Muda once again became a single team composed of former Harimau Muda A & B players . On 25 November 2015 , it was confirmed that the club was disbanded by FAM which meant that all the players were returned to their own state sides . Harimau Muda A last competed in Australia 's National Premier Leagues Queensland , having lastly participated in a domestic league competition is the 2012 S. League . The team was aimed at developing Malaysian youth players and does not recruit any foreign nationals in its squad . The name Harimau Muda means Young Tigers in English ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Luis_Potosí", "text": "San Luis Potosí ( Spanish pronunciation : [ san ˈlwis potoˈsi ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Free and Sovereign State of San Luis Potosí ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de San Luis Potosí ) , is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico . It is divided in 58 municipalities and its capital city is San Luis Potosí City . It is located in North-Central Mexico and is bordered by seven other Mexican states : Nuevo León to the north ; Tamaulipas to the north-east ; Veracruz to the east ; Hidalgo , Querétaro and Guanajuato to the south ; and Zacatecas to north-west . In addition to the capital city , the state 's largest cities include Ciudad Valles , Matehuala , Rioverde , and Tamazunchale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quiculungo", "text": "Quiculungo is a town and municipality in Cuanza Norte Province in Angola ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Singer", "text": "Singing is the act of producing musical sounds with the voice and augments regular speech by the use of sustained tonality , rhythm , and a variety of vocal techniques . A person who sings is called a singer or vocalist ( in jazz and popular music ) . Singers perform music ( arias , recitatives , songs , etc . ) that can be sung with or without accompaniment by musical instruments . Singing is often done in an ensemble of musicians , such as a choir of singers or a band of instrumentalists . Singers may perform as soloists or accompanied by anything from a single instrument ( as in art song or some jazz styles ) up to a symphony orchestra or big band . Different singing styles include art music such as opera and Chinese opera , Indian music and religious music styles such as gospel , traditional music styles , world music , jazz , blues , ghazal and popular music styles such as pop , rock , electronic dance music and filmi ( Indian film songs ) . Singing can be formal or informal , arranged or improvised . It may be done as a form of religious devotion , as a hobby , as a source of pleasure , comfort or ritual , as part of music education or as a profession . Excellence in singing requires time , dedication , instruction and regular practice . If practice is done on a regular basis then the sounds can become more clear and strong . Professional singers usually build their careers around one specific musical genre , such as classical or rock , although there are singers with crossover success ( singing in more than one genre ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta", "text": "Atlanta ( /ætˈlæntə/ ) is the capital and most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia . With an estimated 2018 population of 498,044 , it is also the 37th most-populous city in the United States . The city serves as the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5.9 million people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the nation . Atlanta is the seat of Fulton County , the most populous county in Georgia . Portions of the city extend eastward into neighboring DeKalb County . Atlanta was originally founded as the terminus of a major state-sponsored railroad . With rapid expansion , however , it soon became the convergence point among multiple railroads , spurring its rapid growth . The city 's name derives from that of the Western and Atlantic Railroad 's local depot , signifying the town 's growing reputation as a transportation hub . During the American Civil War , the city was almost entirely burned to the ground in General William T. Sherman 's famous March to the Sea . However , the city rose from its ashes and quickly became a national center of commerce and the unofficial capital of the New South . During the 1950s and 1960s , Atlanta became a major organizing center of the civil rights movement , with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , Ralph David Abernathy , and many other locals playing major roles in the movement 's leadership . During the modern era , Atlanta has attained international prominence as a major air transportation hub , with Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world 's busiest airport by passenger traffic since 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gualaquiza", "text": "Gualaquiza is a town in the Morona Santiago province of Ecuador . It is the seat of the Gualaquiza Canton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Janusz_Onyszkiewicz", "text": "Janusz Adam Onyszkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : [ ˈjanuʂ ɔnɨʂˈkʲɛvʲitʂ ] , born 18 December 1937 ) is a Polish mathematician , alpinist , politician and was a vice-president of the European Parliament 's Foreign Affairs Committee from January 2007 until mid-2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arthur_Yamga", "text": "Arthur Yamga ( born 7 September 1996 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger in Portugal for Desportivo das Aves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Knollys_(politician_died_1619)", "text": "Sir Robert Knollys KB ( 1547- 1619 or 1626 ) was an English courtier and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1572 and 1611 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gia_Vien", "text": "Gia Viễn is a rural district of Ninh Bình Province in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam . As of 2008 the district had a population of 119,284 . The district covers an area of 176 km² . The district capital lies at Me ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cal_Golden_Bears_baseball", "text": "The California Golden Bears baseball team represents the University of California in NCAA Division I college baseball . Along with most other California athletic teams , the baseball team participates in the Pac-12 Conference . The Bears play their home games at Evans Diamond ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philippe_de_la_Hire", "text": "Philippe de La Hire ( or Lahire , La Hyre or Phillipe de La Hire ) ( 18 March 1640 - 21 April 1718 ) was a French painter , mathematician , astronomer , and architect . According to Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle he was an academy unto himself . He was born in Paris , the son of Laurent de La Hire , a distinguished artist and Marguerite Coquin . In 1660 , he moved to Venice for four years to study painting . Upon his return to Paris , he became a disciple of Girard Desargues from whom he learned geometrical perspective and was received as a master painter on 4 August 1670 . His paintings have sometimes been confused with those of his son , Jean Nicolas de La Hire , who was a doctor but also a painter . He also began to study science and showed an aptitude for mathematics . He was taught by the French Jesuit theologian , mathematician , physicist and controversialist Honoré Fabri and became part of a circle formed by Fabri which included Giovanni Domenico Cassini , Claude Francois Milliet Deschales , Christiaan Huygens and his brother Constantijn , Gottfried Leibniz , René Descartes and Marin Mersenne . He became a member of French Academy of Sciences in 1678 , and subsequently became active as an astronomer , calculating tables of the movements of the Sun , Moon , and planets and designing contrivances for aiming aerial telescopes . From 1679-1682 he made several observations and measurements of the French coastline , and in 1683 aided in mapping France by extending the Paris meridian to the north . In 1683 La Hire assumed the chair of mathematics at the Collège Royal . From 1687 onwards he taught at the Académie darchitecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Second_Intifada", "text": "The Second Intifada , also known as the Al-Aqsa Intifada ( Arabic : انتفاضة الأقصى Intifāḍat al-ʾAqṣā ) , was a period of intensified Israeli-Palestinian violence , which Palestinians describe as an uprising against Israel , while Israelis consider it a prolonged terror campaign perpetuated by the Palestinian National Authority and various Palestinian militant groups . The general triggers for the violence are proposed as the Israeli withdrawal from South Lebanon conflict in spring 2000 and failure of the 2000 Camp David Summit to reach final agreement on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process in July 2000 . The violence started in September 2000 , after Ariel Sharon made a visit to the Temple Mount , seen by Palestinians as highly provocative . Palestinian demonstrators threw stones at police and were dispersed by the Israeli army , using tear gas and rubber bullets . High numbers of casualties were caused among civilians as well as combatants . The Palestinians engaged in numerous suicide bombings , rock throwing and gunfire , while the Israelis responded with gunfire , tank and air attacks , and numerous targeted killings . The death toll , including both military and civilian , is estimated to be about 3,000 Palestinians and 1,000 Israelis , as well as 64 foreigners . Many consider the Sharm el-Sheikh Summit on 8 February 2005 to be the end of the Second Intifada . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed that all Palestinians factions would stop all acts of violence against all Israelis everywhere , while Israel would cease all its military activity against all Palestinians everywhere . They also reaffirmed their commitment to the Roadmap for peace process . Sharon also agreed to release 900 Palestinian prisoners of the 7,500 being held at the time , and to withdraw from West Bank towns . However , the violence continued into the following years , though suicide bombings decreased significantly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geir_Ludvig_Fevang", "text": "Geir Ludvig Fevang ( born 17 November 1980 ) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder who last played for Sandefjord . He previously played for Fevang FK , IL Runar , Sandefjord Fotball , IK Start , Lokeren and Haugesund ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bregenzer_Festspiele", "text": "Bregenzer Festspiele ( German pronunciation : [ ˌbreːɡɛntsɐ ˈfɛst.ʃpiːlə ] ; Bregenz Festival ) is a performing arts festival which is held every July and August in Bregenz in Vorarlberg ( Austria ) . It features the world 's largest floating stage which is situated on Lake Constance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bray_Wanderers_A.F.C.", "text": "Bray Wanderers Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Fánaithe Bhré ) are an Irish association football club playing in the League of Ireland First Division . The club in its present form was founded in 1942 in Bray , and was known until 2010 as Bray Wanderers A.F.C . It was elected to the League in 1985 , and plays its home matches at the Carlisle Grounds . Club colours are Green and White , and it goes by the nickname The Seagulls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northern_Sun_Intercollegiate_Conference", "text": "The Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference ( NSIC ) is a collegiate athletic conference which operates in the western Midwestern United States . Nine of its members are in Minnesota , with three members in South Dakota , two members in North Dakota , and one member each in the states of Iowa and Nebraska . It participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division II level . It was founded in 1932 . With the recent NSIC expansion , the original six member schools have been reunited . With the inclusion of the several new member institutions , it is one of the largest Division II conferences in the country with 16 members . The conference sponsors 18 sports ; ten for women and eight for men . Both men and women compete in basketball , cross country , golf , and indoor and outdoor track and field . Men compete in baseball , football , and wrestling . Women compete in soccer , softball , swimming & diving , tennis , and volleyball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dredging", "text": "Dredging is the operation of excavating material from a water environment ( sometimes temporarily created ) for the purpose of improving existing water features ; reshaping land and water features to alter drainage , navigability , and commercial use ; construct dams , dikes , and other controls for streams and shorelines ; and to recover valuable mineral deposits or marine life having commercial value . In all but a few situations the excavation is undertaken by a specialist floating plant , known as a dredger . Dredging is carried out in many different locations and for many different purposes , but the main objectives are usually to recover material of value or use , or to create a greater depth of water . All dredges can generally be classified as suction or mechanical ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steven_Spielberg", "text": "Steven Allan Spielberg ( /ˈspiːlbɜːrɡ/ ; born December 18 , 1946 ) is an American filmmaker . He is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era and one of the most popular directors and producers in film history . Spielberg started in Hollywood directing television and several minor theatrical releases . He became a household name as the director of Jaws ( 1975 ) , which was critically and commercially successful and is considered the first summer blockbuster . His subsequent releases focused typically on science fiction/adventure films such as Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 ) , Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 ) , E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial ( 1982 ) , and Jurassic Park ( 1993 ) , which became archetypes of modern Hollywood escapist filmmaking . Spielberg transitioned into addressing serious issues in his later work with The Color Purple ( 1985 ) , Empire of the Sun ( 1987 ) , Schindler 's List ( 1993 ) , Amistad ( 1997 ) , and Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) . He has largely adhered to this practice during the 21st century , with Munich ( 2005 ) , Lincoln ( 2012 ) , Bridge of Spies ( 2015 ) , and The Post ( 2017 ) . He co-founded Amblin Entertainment and DreamWorks Studios , where he has also served as a producer or executive producer for several successful film trilogies , tetralogies and more including the Gremlins , Back to the Future , Men in Black , and the Transformers series . He later transitioned into producing several video games . Spielberg is one of the American film industry 's most critically successful filmmakers , with praise for his directing talent and versatility , and he has won the Academy Award for Best Director twice . Some of his movies are also among the highest-grossing films , while his total work makes him the highest-grossing film director in history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maynard_Ferguson", "text": "Walter Maynard Ferguson CM ( May 4 , 1928 - August 23 , 2006 ) was a Canadian jazz trumpeter and bandleader . He came to prominence in Stan Kenton 's orchestra before forming his own big band in 1957 . He was noted for his bands , which often served as stepping stones for up-and-coming talent , his versatility on several instruments , and his ability to play in a high register ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linköping", "text": "Linköping ( Swedish : [ ˈlɪ̂nːˌɕøːpɪŋ ] ( listen ) ) is a city in southern Sweden , with 161,499 inhabitants as of 2019 . It is the 5th largest city in Sweden . It is the seat of Linköping Municipality and the capital of Östergötland County . Linköping is also the episcopal see of the Diocese of Linköping ( Church of Sweden ) and is well known for its cathedral . Linköping is the center of an old cultural region and celebrated its 700th anniversary in 1987 . Dominating the city 's skyline from afar is the steeple of the cathedral , Domkyrka . Nowadays , Linköping is known for its university and its high-technology industry . Linköping wants to create a sustainable development of the city and therefore plans to become a carbon-neutral community by 2025 . Located on the Östergötland Plain , Linköping is closely linked to Norrköping , roughly 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) to the east , near the sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1889_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1889 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_War_I", "text": "World War I ( often abbreviated as WWI or WW1 ) , also known as the First World War or the Great War , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 . Contemporaneously described as the war to end all wars , it led to the mobilisation of more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , making it one of the largest wars in history . It is also one of the deadliest conflicts in history , with an estimated nine million combatants and seven million civilian deaths as a direct result of the war , while resulting genocides and the resulting 1918 influenza pandemic caused another 50 to 100 million deaths worldwide . On 28 June 1914 , Gavrilo Princip , a Bosnian Serb Yugoslav nationalist , assassinated the Austro-Hungarian heir Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo , leading to the July Crisis . In response , on 23 July , Austria-Hungary issued an ultimatum to Serbia . Serbia 's reply failed to satisfy the Austrians , and the two moved to a war footing . A network of interlocking alliances enlarged the crisis from a bilateral issue in the Balkans to one involving most of Europe . By July 1914 , the great powers of Europe were divided into two coalitions : the Triple Entente - consisting of France , Russia , and Britain - and the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary , and Italy ( the Triple Alliance was only defensive in nature , allowing Italy to stay out of the war until April 1915 , when it joined the Allied Powers after its relations with Austria-Hungary deteriorated ) . Russia felt it necessary to back Serbia and , after Austria-Hungary shelled the Serbian capital of Belgrade on the 28 July , approved partial mobilisation . Full Russian mobilisation was announced on the evening of 30 July ; on the 31st , Austria-Hungary and Germany did the same , while Germany demanded Russia demobilise within twelve hours . When Russia failed to comply , Germany declared war on Russia on 1 August in support of Austria-Hungary , with Austria-Hungary following suit on 6 August ; France ordered full mobilisation in support of Russia on 2 August . German strategy for a war on two fronts against France and Russia was to rapidly concentrate the bulk of its army in the West to defeat France within six weeks , then shift forces to the East before Russia could fully mobilise ; this was later known as the Schlieffen Plan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peep_(album)", "text": "Peep is the debut album by Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus ( named just Rasmus back then ) , released on 23 September 1996 on Warner Music Finland . They met their first manager and record producer , Teja Kotilainen in 1995 and signed with Warner Music Finland in February 1996 . They released their first EP , called 1st , on Teja G. Records , in December 1995 , which featured the songs Frog , Myself , Funky Jam and Rakkauslaulu . The album was first released in Finland , where it went Gold , and later in Estonia and Russia , and subsequently worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Oaks,_New_South_Wales", "text": "The Oaks is a town in the Macarthur Region of New South Wales , Australia in Wollondilly Shire on the south western edge of the Sydney Basin . The Oaks is located 76 kilometres ( 47 mi ) south-west of Sydney via the Hume Highway , 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) west of Camden and 290m above sea-level . At the 2016 census , The Oaks and the surrounding area had a population of 2,525 . Despite a long-standing economic dependence upon coal mining and despite the urban development inspired by its proximity to Sydney , The Oaks has essentially remained an attractive semi-rural district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikolai_Khabibulin", "text": "Nikolai Alexandrovich Khabibulin ( /ˌhæbiˈbuːlɪn/ ( listen ) ; Russian : Николай Александрович Хабибулин , IPA : [ xəbʲɪˈbulʲɪn ] , born January 13 , 1973 ) is a Russian former professional ice hockey goaltender . Known by the nickname The Bulin Wall , he spent the majority of his playing career in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Winnipeg Jets , Phoenix Coyotes , Chicago Blackhawks , Tampa Bay Lightning and Edmonton Oilers . Khabibulin excelled at the international level , winning two Olympic medals ( gold and bronze ) and was named Best Goaltender at the 2002 Winter Olympics . He was the first Russian goaltender to ever win the Stanley Cup , doing so with Tampa Bay in 2004 . He was also a four-time NHL All-Star ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Earl_of_Avondale", "text": "There have been several peerage titles created with the name Avondale ( or Avandale ) , referring to the dale ( or valley ) of the Avon Water in Scotland . The word strath also means valley , and the area is now better known as Strathaven . The title Earl of Avondale , along with that of Lord Balveny , was created for James Douglas , known as the Gross , in 1437 . He was a younger son of Archibald Douglas , 3rd Earl of Douglas and succeeded to the Earldom of Douglas in 1440 following the deaths of his nephew and great-nephew . The titles were forfeit in 1455 on the attainder of his son James Douglas , 9th Earl of Douglas and 3rd Earl of Avondale . The second creation was for Andrew Stuart , who was created Lord Avondale in 1459 . He was a son of Sir Walter Stewart and therefore a grandson of Murdoch Stewart , 2nd Duke of Albany . He served as Chancellor of Scotland between 1460 and 1482 , and died in 1488 , when the title became extinct . The third creation was for another Andrew Stuart , who was created Lord Avondale in about 1499 . He was a great-grandson of Sir Walter Stewart , and thus a great-nephew of the first Lord Avondale . On his death on 9 September 1513 , he was succeeded by his son , also named Andrew . The second Lord Avondale exchanged his title for that of Lord Ochiltree on 15 March 1543 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winbert_F._Mulholland", "text": "Winbert F. Bert Mulholland ( August 27 , 1883 - July 12 , 1968 ) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred horse racing trainer . Born in Lexington , Kentucky , the American heartland for Thoroughbred horse breeding , Bert Mulholland began his career in racing as an exercise rider for his uncle , W. C. Farmer Bill Scully . In 1923 Bert Mulholland became a foreman for the George D. Widener , Jr. racing stable . He eventually became Jack Joyner 's assistant trainer and in 1933 was made head trainer , a position in which he had considerable success . Racing primarily at tracks on the East Coast of the United States , among his successes he won the 1962 Belmont Stakes , the third leg of the U.S . Triple Crown series , and through 2018 he holds the record for most wins in the prestigious Travers Stakes with five . Champions trained by Bert Mulholland :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Thibaut_Courtois", "text": "Thibaut Nicolas Marc Courtois ( Dutch : [ tiˈboː kuːrˈtʋaː ] ; born 11 May 1992 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Belgium national team . Courtois graduated through the youth system of Genk , and aged 18 , he played a key role in the team 's Belgian Pro League victory . In July 2011 he joined Chelsea for a reported £8 million , and was immediately loaned to Atlético Madrid . In three seasons there , he won the Europa League in 2012 , the Copa del Rey in 2013 and the La Liga title in 2014 . He also won the Ricardo Zamora Trophy for best goalkeeper in La Liga , for his performances in his two latter seasons . Courtois returned to Chelsea in July 2014 , and in his first season he helped them win the League Cup and the Premier League title . Two years later , he won the Premier League Golden Glove as Chelsea again won the league . Later , Real Madrid signed him for £35 million , becoming La Liga 's most expensive goalkeeper , surpassing the record set by Jan Oblak . Courtois made his senior international debut in October 2011 , becoming the youngest goalkeeper to represent Belgium . He has since earned over 70 caps and appeared at the 2014 FIFA World Cup , UEFA Euro 2016 and the 2018 FIFA World Cup where he was awarded the Golden Glove as best goalkeeper of the tournament as the Belgians came third ."}
{"title": "/wiki/89th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 89th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2016 , and took place on February 26 , 2017 , at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California , at 5:30 p.m. PST . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony , televised in the United States by ABC , was produced by Michael De Luca and Jennifer Todd and directed by Glenn Weiss . Comedian Jimmy Kimmel hosted the ceremony for the first time . In related events , the Academy held its 8th Annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12 , 2016 . On February 11 , 2017 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Scientific and Technical Awards were presented by hosts John Cho and Leslie Mann . In the main ceremony , Moonlight won three awards including Best Picture , after La La Land was mistakenly announced as the winner , as well as Best Supporting Actor for Mahershala Ali . La La Land won six awards , the most for the evening , out of its record-tying fourteen nominations , including Best Actress for Emma Stone and Best Director for Damien Chazelle . Hacksaw Ridge and Manchester by the Sea won two awards each with Casey Affleck winning Best Actor for the latter . Viola Davis won the Best Supporting Actress honor for Fences . The telecast was viewed by 33 million people in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Camden,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Camden is a historic town , south-west of Sydney , New South Wales , located 65 kilometres from the Sydney central business district . Camden was the administrative centre for the local government area of Camden Council until July/August 2016 and is a part of the Macarthur region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jitex_BK", "text": "Jitex BK ( Boll Klubb or Ball Club in English ) is a football club in Mölndal , Sweden , that competes in Swedish Women 's Football Division 1 , the third tier of Swedish women 's football . The club was founded January 21 , 1971 and previously played in the Elitettan , Sweden 's second highest division , and the top division league , the Damallsvenskan . Jitex BK won six national championships and three victories in the Swedish Cup during the 1970s and 1980s . The Jitex name came from the first sponsor ; Jitex fashion house . The team which has become known for their characteristic purple kit , was first trained by Sven Lundbeck . Notable players during this successful era include Anette Börjesson , Elisabeth Leidinge , Anna Svenjeby and Pia Sundhage . Financial problems in the early 1990s saw a 1993 merger with local rivals GAIS ( Göteborgs Atlet-och Idrottssällskap or Gothenburg Athletics and Sports Association in English ) and the adoption of the name Jitex BK/JG93 . The team stumbled out of the Damallsvenskan in 1997 . After reverting to the original name and transforming the team , the club has since climbed back up the leagues . Following victory in the 2005 Söderettan , the team played in the Damallsvenskan for 2006 , but were relegated again the same year . In 2009 Jitex BK returned to the Damallsvenskan ahead of the 2010 campaign . Jitex BK were relegated from the Damallsvenskan in 2014 , with few games remaining ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dakar", "text": "Dakar ( English : /dɑːˈkɑːr/ ; French : [ dakaʁ ] ; Wolof : Ndakaaru ) is the capital and largest city of Senegal . The city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594 , whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million . The area around Dakar was settled in the 15th century . The Portuguese established a presence on the island of Gorée off the coast of Cap-Vert and used it as a base for the Atlantic slave trade . France took over the island in 1677 . Following the abolition of the slave trade and French annexation of the mainland area in the 19th century , Dakar grew into a major regional port and a major city of the French colonial empire . In 1902 , Dakar replaced Saint-Louis as the capital of French West Africa . From 1959 to 1960 , Dakar was the capital of the short-lived Mali Federation . In 1960 , it became the capital of the Independent Republic of Senegal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Muhtadee_Billah", "text": "Crown Prince Haji Al-Muhtadee Billah ( born 17 February 1974 ) is the eldest son of Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah and his wife Princess Saleha binti Mohammad Alam . He is the Crown Prince of Brunei Darussalam and is first in the line of succession to the Bruneian throne . Al-Muhtadee Billah holds the position of senior minister of the Prime Minister 's Office of Brunei , General of the Royal Brunei Armed Forces and Deputy Inspector General of the Royal Brunei Police Force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Worksop", "text": "Worksop ( /ˈwɜːrksɒp/ WURK-sop ) is the largest town in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire , England . Worksop lies on the River Ryton , and is located at the northern edge of Sherwood Forest . Worksop is located 19 miles ( 31 km ) east-south-east of Sheffield , with a population of 41,820.It lies close to Nottinghamshires borders with South Yorkshire , and Derbyshire . Worksop has become a commuter town as a result of its geographic location and ease of access to major motorways and rail links . Worksop is known as the Gateway to The Dukeries , because of the now four obsolete ducal principal sites of which were closely located next to each other , south of the town . These four ducal locations were ; Clumber House , Thoresby Hall , Welbeck Abbey and Worksop Manor . Other houses such as Rufford Abbey and Hodsock Priory are also just a few miles away Worksop is twinned with the German town Garbsen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_R._R._Martin", "text": "George Raymond Richard Martin ( born George Raymond Martin ; September 20 , 1948 ) , also known as GRRM , is an American novelist and short story writer in the fantasy , horror , and science fiction genres , screenwriter , and television producer . He wrote the series of epic fantasy novels , A Song of Ice and Fire , which was adapted into the HBO series Game of Thrones ( 2011-2019 ) . In 2005 , Lev Grossman of Time called Martin the American Tolkien , and in 2011 , he was included on the annual Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Essendon_Football_Club", "text": "The Essendon Football Club , nicknamed the Bombers , is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , the sport 's premier competition . Thought to have formed in 1872 , the club played its first recorded game on 7 June 1873 against a Carlton Second 20 , winning 1 goal to nil . The club played a senior club in the Victorian Football Association in 1878 , one year after the VFA formed . It is historically associated with Essendon , a suburb in the north-west of Melbourne , Victoria . Since 2013 , the club has been headquartered at The Hangar , Melbourne Airport , and plays its home games at either Docklands Stadium or the Melbourne Cricket Ground ; throughout most of its history the club 's home ground and headquarters was Windy Hill , Essendon , where it played from 1922 until 1991 . While it stopped playing games at the ground thereafter , Windy Hill remained its training and administration base until the end of 2013 . Dyson Heppell is the current team captain . A founding member club of both the Victorian Football Association , in 1877 , and the Victorian Football League ( renamed the AFL in 1990 ) , in 1896 , Essendon is one of Australia 's best-known football clubs . Essendon has won 16 VFL/AFL premierships , which , along with Carlton , is the most of any club in the competition . The club won four consecutive VFA premierships between 1891 and 1894 , a feat matched only by Collingwood between 1927 and 1930 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bojan_Prešern", "text": "Bojan Prešern ( born 4 August 1962 in Jesenice , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian rower who competed for Yugoslavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Midlands_Airport", "text": "East Midlands Airport ( IATA : EMA , ICAO : EGNX ) is an international airport in the East Midlands of England , close to Castle Donington in northwestern Leicestershire , between Loughborough ( 10 miles ( 16 km ) ) , Derby ( 12.5 miles ( 20 km ) ) and Nottingham ( 14 miles ( 23 km ) ) ; Leicester is ( 20 miles ( 32 km ) ) to the south . The airfield was originally built as a Royal Air Force station known as RAF Castle Donington in 1943 , before being redeveloped as a civilian airport in 1965 . East Midlands Airport has established itself as a hub for low-fare airlines such as Jet2.com and Ryanair and tour operators like TUI Airways , which serve a range of domestic and European short-haul destinations . It is also a base for Flybe and Loganair . Passenger numbers peaked in 2008 at 5.6 million but had declined to around 4.5 million in 2015 , making it the 11th-busiest airport in the UK by passenger traffic . A major air cargo hub , it was the second-busiest UK airport for freight traffic in 2016 , after London Heathrow . The airport is owned by the Manchester Airports Group ( MAG ) , the largest British-owned airport operator , which is controlled by the ten metropolitan borough councils of Greater Manchester , with Manchester City Council retaining the controlling stake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Babita_Kumari_(wrestler)", "text": "Babita Kumari Phogat ( born 20 November 1989 ) is an Indian female wrestler , who won the gold medal in 2014 Commonwealth Games . She also won silver medals at 2018 Commonwealth Games and 2010 Commonwealth Games and a bronze medal at the 2012 World Wrestling Championships . She joined politics later and contested Haryana assembly election on BJP ticket in 2019 but lost from Dadri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maryland_House_of_Delegates", "text": "The Maryland House of Delegates is the lower house of the legislature of the State of Maryland . It consists of 141 delegates elected from 47 districts . The House of Delegates Chamber is in the Maryland State House on State Circle in Annapolis , the state capital . The State House also houses the Maryland State Senate Chamber and the offices of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the State of Maryland . Each delegate has offices in Annapolis , in the nearby Casper R. Taylor Jr. House Office Building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chieveley", "text": "Chieveley /ˈtʃiːvli/ is a village and large civil parish centred 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) north of Newbury in Berkshire , close to the M4 motorway and A34 road . Chieveley services are within the parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Byron_Dorgan", "text": "Byron Leslie Dorgan ( born May 14 , 1942 ) is an American author , businessman , attorney and former United States Senator and United States Congressman from North Dakota and currently serves as a senior policy advisor for the Washington , DC law firm Arent Fox LLP . He served 12 years in the U.S. House and 18 years in the Senate . He was a member of the Senate Democratic leadership for 16 years , first as Assistant Democratic Floor Leader and then as Chairman of the Democratic Policy Committee and Chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs . In 2010 , Dorgan announced that he would not seek re-election in the 2010 North Dakota senate election . In addition to his work at Arent Fox , Dorgan serves as a Senior Fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center , where he focuses on energy policy issues as Co-Chair of BPC 's Energy Project and is also a member of the ReFormers Caucus of Issue One . He is an Adjunct Visiting Professor at Georgetown University , and serves on several boards of directors , including the Board of Governors of Argonne National Laboratory , and on the National Advisory Board of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation . Dorgan is also a New York Times best-selling author of four books , including two on economic and political issues and two novels described as eco-thrillers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_DC", "text": "Washington , D.C. , ( /ˈwɑːʃɪŋtən ˌdiːˈsiː/ ) formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as D.C. , Washington , or The District , is the capital of the United States . Founded after the American Revolution as the seat of government of the newly independent country , Washington was named after George Washington , the first president of the United States and a Founding Father . As the seat of the United States federal government and several international organizations , Washington is an important world political capital . The city , located on the Potomac River bordering Maryland and Virginia , is one of the most visited cities in the world , with more than 20 million tourists annually . The signing of the Residence Act on July 16 , 1790 , approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country 's East Coast . The U.S. Constitution provided for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. Congress , and the District is therefore not a part of any U.S. state . The states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district , which included the pre-existing settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria . The City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital . In 1846 , Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia , including the city of Alexandria ; in 1871 , it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District . Washington had an estimated population of 702,455 as of July 2018 [ update ] , making it the 20th most populous city in the United States . Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city 's daytime population to more than one million during the workweek . Washington 's metropolitan area , the country 's sixth largest ( including parts of Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia ) , had a 2017 estimated population of 6.2 million residents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ziguinchor_Region", "text": "Ziguinchor is a region of Senegal ( regional capitals have the same name as their respective regions ) . The region is also referred to historically and popularly as Basse Casamance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_Comprido,_Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Rio Comprido is a neighborhood located in the center ( Centro ) of Rio de Janeiro city , in Brazil . It borders the Catumbi , Estácio , Praça da Bandeira and Tijuca neighborhoods ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia", "text": "Philadelphia , known colloquially as Philly , is the largest city in the U.S. state and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , and the sixth-most populous U.S. city with a 2018 census-estimated population of 1,584,138 . Since 1854 , the city has had the same geographic boundaries as Philadelphia County , the most populous county in Pennsylvania and the urban core of the eighth-largest U.S. metropolitan statistical area , with over 6 million residents as of 2017 [ update ] . Philadelphia is also the economic and cultural anchor of the greater Delaware Valley , located along the lower Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers , within the Northeast megalopolis . The Delaware Valley 's population of 7.2 million ranks it as the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States . Philadelphia is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States . William Penn , an English Quaker , founded the city in 1682 to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony . Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States , who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 at the Second Continental Congress , and the Constitution at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 . Several other key events occurred in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary War including the First Continental Congress , the preservation of the Liberty Bell , the Battle of Germantown , and the Siege of Fort Mifflin . Philadelphia remained the nation 's largest city until being overtaken by New York City in 1790 ; the city was also one of the nation 's capitals during the revolution , serving as temporary U.S. capital while Washington , D.C. was under construction . In the 19th century , Philadelphia became a major industrial center and a railroad hub . The city grew from an influx of European immigrants , most of whom came from Ireland , Italy and Germany - the three largest reported ancestry groups in the city as of 2015 [ update ] . In the early 20th century , Philadelphia became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration after the Civil War , as well as Puerto Ricans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen's_Radio", "text": "Queen 's Radio ( or QR ) is a student radio station , broadcasting a wide variety of shows , based at Queen 's University , Belfast , Northern Ireland , currently broadcasting via online stream . Its studios are located in the Students ' Union building . It is the only licensed student station broadcasting in Northern Ireland , and one of several on the island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/How_to_Succeed_in_Business_Without_Really_Trying", "text": "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying : The Dastard 's Guide to Fame and Fortune is a humorous 1952 book by Shepherd Mead . It inspired a successful 1961 musical of the same name , which was made into a movie in 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Colas", "text": "Paul René Colas ( 6 May 1880 - 9 September 1956 ) was a French sports shooter who competed at the 1908 , 1912 , 1920 and the 1924 Summer Olympics . Between 1908 and 1924 Colas won four Olympic medals . One bronze in 1908 , two gold in 1912 , and one silver in 1924 . Only in 1920 he failed to win a medal . With his two individual gold medals at the 1912 Summer Olympics he became the second shooter ( a day behind Alfred Lane of the United States ) and the first rifle shooter to win two individual Olympic gold medals . In the 1908 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ali_Bin_Hamad_al-Attiyah_Arena", "text": "Ali Bin Hamad al-Attiyah Arena ( ) , is an indoor sports arena in Doha , Qatar . It was built for the Qatar Olympic Committee , in order to host the 2015 World Men 's Handball Championship . After the tournament , the management of the arena was transferred to Al-Sadd Sports Club , to become the home venue for Al Sadd Handball Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Men_Nguyen", "text": "Men The Master Nguyen ( Vietnamese : Nguyễn Văn Mến ; born 1954 in Phan Thiet , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese-American professional poker player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_(1997_film)", "text": "David is a 1997 television film by Five Mile River Films , starring Nathaniel Parker as King David . It was written by Larry Gross and directed by Robert Markowitz . The film was entirely shot on Morocco and was originally aired at TNT on March 23 , 1997 as part of its Bible Collection ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Handmaid's_Tale", "text": "The Handmaid 's Tale , originally published in 1985 , is a dystopian novel written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood . It is set in a near-future New England , in a totalitarian state resembling a theonomy that overthrows the United States government . The Handmaid 's Tale explores themes of subjugated women in a patriarchal society and the various means by which these women resist and attempt to gain individuality and independence . The novel 's title echoes the component parts of Geoffrey Chaucer 's The Canterbury Tales , which is a series of connected stories ( The Merchant 's Tale , The Parson 's Tale , etc. ) . The Handmaid 's Tale is structured into two parts , by night and by other various events . This novel can be interpreted as a double narrative , Offred 's tale and the handmaids ' tales . The night sections are solely about Offred , and the other sections ( shopping , waiting room , household , etc . ) are the stories that describe the possible life of every handmaid , though from the perspective of Offred . In many of these sections , Offred jumps between past and present as she retells the events leading up to the fall of women 's rights and the current details of the life that she now lives . The Handmaid 's Tale won the 1985 Governor General 's Award and the first Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1987 ; it was also nominated for the 1986 Nebula Award , the 1986 Booker Prize , and the 1987 Prometheus Award . The book has been adapted into a 1990 film , a 2000 opera , a 2017 television series , and other media . In 2019 , a sequel novel , The Testaments , was published ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seoul_National_University", "text": "Seoul National University ( SNU ; Korean : 서울대학교 ; Hanja : 서울大學校 ; RR : Seoul Daehakgyo , colloquially Seouldae ) is a national research university located in Seoul , South Korea . Founded in 1946 , Seoul National University is considered to be the most prestigious university in the country . The university has three campuses : the main campus in Gwanak and two additional campuses in Daehangno and Pyeongchang . The university comprises sixteen colleges , one graduate school and nine professional schools . The student body consists of nearly 17,000 undergraduate and 11,000 graduate students . According to data compiled by KEDI , the university spends more on its students per capita than any other university in the country that enrolls at least 10,000 students . Seoul National University holds a memorandum of understanding with over 700 academic institutions in 40 countries , the World Bank and a general academic exchange program with the University of Pennsylvania . Moreover , the university is part of Washington University in St. Louiss McDonnell International Scholars Academy . The Graduate School of Business offers dual master 's degrees with Duke University , ESSEC Business School , Hitotsubashi University and Yale School of Management and MBA- , MS- and PhD-candidate exchange programs with universities in ten countries on four continents . Following a government mandate to globalize Korean universities , the university 's international faculty head count peaked at 242 or 4% of the total in 2010 , but subsequently declined . Seoul National University , or its undergraduate liberal arts college in particular , finds its roots in the remaining properties from the abolished Keijō Imperial University , one of the Imperial Universities founded by the Japanese Empire . In the 1940s , with US Military Ordinance No.102 of United States Army Military Government in Korea , Keijo Imperial University was abolished ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uddevalla", "text": "Uddevalla is a town and the seat of Uddevalla Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden . In 2010 , it had a population of 31,212 . It is located at a bay of the south-eastern part of Skagerrak . The beaches of Uddevalla are filled with seashells and Uddevalla has one of the largest shell-banks in the world . Uddevalla has a port and it once had a large shipyard , the Uddevallavarvet ( Uddevalla wharf ) , which was the largest employer in Bohuslän during the 1960s . The 1970s recession , that affected the Swedish shipyard industry severely , led to the closing of the wharf in 1985 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Cincinnati_Bengals_season", "text": "The 2004 Cincinnati Bengals season was the team 's 37th year in professional football and its 35th with the National Football League . The Bengals began to focus on the future , trading All-Pro running back Corey Dillon to the New England Patriots . That cleared the way for Rudi Johnson to start at running back . Carson Palmer was given the starting quarterback job . Palmer and the young Bengals would struggle early , losing five of their first seven games . As the season wore on , the Bengals began to hit their stride , as they climbed back to .500 , at 6-6 , before a sprained knee sent Palmer to the sidelines during a 35-28 road loss to the eventual Super Bowl Champion Patriots . With wins in their final two games , the Bengals would finish 8-8 for the second year in a row . Rudi Johnson finished sixth in the NFL in rushing with 1,454 yards , giving Bengals fans hope for the future . This season would see the Bengals make their first appearance on Monday Night Football since 1992 , a win at home against the Denver Broncos on October 25 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Sea", "text": "The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain ( England and Scotland ) , Denmark , Norway , Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium and France . An epeiric ( or shelf ) sea on the European continental shelf , it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north . It is more than 970 kilometres ( 600 mi ) long and 580 kilometres ( 360 mi ) wide , with an area of 570,000 square kilometres ( 220,000 sq mi ) . The North Sea has long been the site of important European shipping lanes as well as a major fishery . The coast is a popular destination for recreation and tourism in bordering countries , and more recently the sea has developed into a rich source of energy resources , including fossil fuels , wind , and early efforts in wave power . Historically , the North Sea has featured prominently in geopolitical and military affairs , particularly in Northern Europe . It was also important globally through the power northern Europeans projected worldwide during much of the Middle Ages and into the modern era . The North Sea was the centre of the Vikings ' rise . Subsequently , the Hanseatic League , the Netherlands , and the British each sought to dominate the North Sea and thus access to the world 's markets and resources . As Germany 's only outlet to the ocean , the North Sea continued to be strategically important through both World Wars . The coast of the North Sea presents a diversity of geological and geographical features . In the north , deep fjords and sheer cliffs mark the Norwegian and Scottish coastlines , whereas in the south , the coast consists primarily of sandy beaches and wide mudflats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercer_Bears_men's_basketball", "text": "The Mercer Bears men 's basketball team represents Mercer University in Macon , Georgia , United States . The school 's team currently competes in the Southern Conference . They are currently led by head coach Greg Gary and play their home games at Hawkins Arena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carate_Brianza", "text": "Carate Brianza is a town and comune in the province of Monza and Brianza , Lombardy , northern Italy . The city lies at an elevation ranging from 230 to 300 metres ( 750 to 980 ft ) above sea level , on the Lambro river ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_McLean_(sheriff)", "text": "Daniel Dennis McLean ( May 20 , 1854 - August 25 , 1908 ) was a Canadian politician . He represented Dennis in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1896 to 1892 as a Liberal . His surname also appears as MacLean . Born in Elgin County , Canada West , the son of John McLean , McLean was raised on a farm before studying to become a teacher . After having health problems , he moved to Manitoba settling in the Pipestone Valley in the County of Dennis where he was a farmer . From 1884 to 1886 , he was reeve for the Rural Municipality of Pipestone . McLean was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1886 election . He was re-elected in 1888 and was defeated in 1892 . From September 5 , 1889 to May 26 , 1892 he was the Provincial Secretary . McLean also served as Minister of Education . In 1891 , he married Elizabeth Strevel . In 1892 , McLean was named sheriff for the Central Judicial District in Portage la Prairie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cardston,_Alberta", "text": "Cardston is a town in Alberta , Canada . The land on which Cardston was founded was originally inhabited by the Niitsitapi ( Blackfoot ) people of Kainai but was not considered part of Blackfoot Territory by the Government of Canada in the Treaty 7 agreement of 1877 . Cardston was settled in 1887 by members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints who travelled from Utah , via the Macleod-Benton Trail , to Alberta in one of the century 's last wagon migrations . The founder of the town was Charles Ora Card . The combined church and school was completed by January 29 the following year after their arrival . Cardston has been a dry ( alcohol free ) town for 115 years , and there are no licensed premises in which to use video lottery terminals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellator_133", "text": "2015 was the seventh year in the history of Bellator MMA , a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United States . This year marked the first time Bellator MMA did monthly shows as opposed to a seasonal format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thika", "text": "Thika ( pronounced [ ˈθika ] ) is an industrial town in Kiambu County , Kenya , lying on the A2 road 42 kilometres ( 26 mi ) northeast of Nairobi , near the confluence of the Thika and Chania Rivers . Although Thika town is administratively in Kiambu County , the greater Thika area comprising such residential areas such as Bendor estate , Maporomoko , Thika Greens , Thika Golden Pearl , Bahati Ridge , Thika Sports Club , among others , are within Murang ' a County . Thika has a population of 279,429 which is growing rapidly , as is the entire greater Nairobi area . Its elevation is approximately 1,631 metres ( 5,351 ft ) . Thika is home to the Chania Falls , Fourteen Falls on the Athi river and the Thika Falls , Ol Donyo Sabuk National Park lies to the southeast . The town has a railway station with limited passenger service as only cargo trains operate , although there are plans to extend the proposed light rail system to Thika . The town was the headquarters of Thika West district following the split of the larger Thika district ( created in 1994 ) into five districts : Thika East and Thika West , Ruiru , Gatundu and Gatanga . It was the seat of the South Central regional commissioner ( deputy Provincial Commissioner ) for Central Province appointed by president Mwai Kibaki in 2009 who is in charge of the larger Kiambu , Thika and Murang ' a districts . However , under Kenya 's new constitution , which recognises only the 47 districts in existence before 1992 as semi-autonomous counties , Thika falls under Kiambu County . Although Kiambu Town is expected to be the new county headquarters , it should remain the main commercial centre as well as the seat of the Thika Subcounty of the Kiambu County . The Flame Trees of Thika ( Memories of an African Childhood ) is a book by Elspeth Huxley , later adapted for television by Euston Films for Thames Television . It describes the life of English settlers in the White Highlands in Edwardian times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sherbrooke_Vert_et_Or", "text": "The Sherbrooke Vert & Or ( Sherbrooke Green & Gold ) is the athletic teams that represent the Université de Sherbrooke in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada . The team plays in Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec ( French for Quebec Student Sports Network ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Premier_Leagues_State_League_2", "text": "The South Australian NPL State League 2 is the third tier state-level football ( soccer ) competition in South Australia , ranked fourth tier in the national pyramid . The league is part of the National Premier Leagues ( NPL ) structure implemented by Football Federation Australia in 2012 . It is conducted by the Football Federation South Australia , the state 's governing body . The competition will include SAASL teams Fulham United and Adelaide Vipers and also Collegiate Soccer League team Mount Barker United . This league structure will remain until the end of the 2018 season , with allowances for new teams entering State League 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holloway_Field", "text": "Holloway Field ( officially Onehub Stadium , powered by Optus ) is baseball stadium in Newmarket , Queensland , Australia . It is the home to the Brisbane Bandits of the Australian Baseball League and Windsor Royals baseball club in Newmarket , Queensland , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lieutenant_Governor_of_Texas", "text": "The lieutenant governor of Texas is the second-highest executive office in the government of Texas , a state in the U.S . It is the second most powerful post in Texas government because its occupant controls the work of the Texas Senate and controls the budgeting process as a leader of the Legislative Budget Board . Under the provisions of the Texas Constitution , the lieutenant governor is president of the Texas Senate . Unlike with most other states ' senates and the U.S. Senate , the lieutenant governor regularly exercises this function rather than delegating it to the president pro tempore or a majority leader . By the rules of the Senate , the lieutenant governor establishes all special and standing committees , appoints all chairpersons and members , and assigns all Senate legislation to the committee of his choice . The lieutenant governor decides all questions of parliamentary procedure in the Senate . He or she also has broad discretion in following Senate procedural rules . The lieutenant governor is an ex officio member of several statutory bodies . These include the Legislative Budget Board , the Legislative Council , the Legislative Audit Committee , the Legislative Board and Legislative Council , which have considerable sway over state programs , the budget and policy . The lieutenant governor is also a member of the Legislative Redistricting Board ( together with the speaker of the House , attorney general , comptroller , and land commissioner ) , which is charged with adopting a redistricting plan for the Texas House of Representatives , Texas Senate , or U.S. House of Representatives after the decennial census if the Legislature fails to do so . In the case of a vacancy in the lieutenant governor 's office , the Senate elects one of its members to act as President of the Senate until the next statewide office election , in effect becoming the lieutenant governor . A senator elected as presiding officer in this way retains his district seat and the voting privileges entailed with his Senate election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tai_Wai_station", "text": "Tai Wai ( Chinese : 大圍 ; Cantonese Yale : Daaih wài ) is an interchange station on the East Rail Line and the Tuen Ma Line of the Mass Transit Railway ( MTR ) system in Hong Kong . The station is located in Tai Wai , Sha Tin District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RMS_Lusitania", "text": "RMS Lusitania was a British ocean liner that was sunk on 7 May 1915 by a German U-boat 11 miles ( 18 km ) off the southern coast of Ireland . The sinking presaged the United States declaration of war on Germany two years later . Lusitania held the Blue Riband appellation for the fastest Atlantic crossing and was briefly the world 's largest passenger ship until the completion of her sister ship Mauretania three months later . The Cunard Line launched her in 1906 at a time of fierce competition for the North Atlantic trade . She was sunk on her 202nd trans-Atlantic crossing . German shipping lines were aggressive competitors for the custom of transatlantic passengers in the early 20th century , and Cunard responded by trying to outdo them in speed , capacity , and luxury . Cunard used assistance from the British Admiralty to build Lusitania , on the understanding that the ship would be available as a light merchant cruiser in time of war . She had gun mounts for deck cannons , but no guns were ever installed . Both Lusitania and Mauretania were fitted with revolutionary new turbine engines that enabled them to maintain a service speed of 25 knots ( 46 km/h ; 29 mph ) . They were equipped with lifts , wireless telegraph , and electric light , and provided 50-percent more passenger space than any other ship ; the first-class decks were noted for their sumptuous furnishings . The Royal Navy had blockaded Germany at the start of the First World War ; the UK declared the entire North Sea a war zone in the autumn of 1914 and mined the approaches . In the spring of 1915 , all food imports for Germany were declared contraband ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vanderbilt_Commodores_women's_basketball", "text": "The Vanderbilt Commodores women 's basketball team represents Vanderbilt University in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . The Commodores have never won the SEC championship , although they have won six SEC tournament titles ( 1993 , 1995 , 2002 , 2004 , 2007 and 2009 ) ; the SEC has awarded its official championship based solely on regular-season record since the 1985-86 season . The current head coach is Stephanie White , who was head coach of the Indiana Fever when she was hired in 2016 , and finished the 2016 WNBA season with the Fever . White replaced Melanie Balcomb , who resigned after the 2015-16 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Kite_Runner", "text": "The Kite Runner is the first novel by Afghan-American author Khaled Hosseini . Published in 2003 by Riverhead Books , it tells the story of Amir , a young boy from the Wazir Akbar Khan district of Kabul , whose closest friend is Hassan . The story is set against a backdrop of tumultuous events , from the fall of Afghanistan 's monarchy through the Soviet military intervention , the exodus of refugees to Pakistan and the United States , and the rise of the Taliban regime . Hosseini has commented that he considers The Kite Runner to be a father-son story , emphasizing the familial aspects of the narrative , an element that he continued to use in his later works . Themes of guilt and redemption feature prominently in the novel , with a pivotal scene depicting an act of sexual assault that happens against Hassan that Amir fails to prevent . The situation as a whole was the main reason why Amir and Hassan 's friendship ended . The latter half of the book centers on Amir 's attempts to atone for this transgression by rescuing Hassan 's son two decades later . The Kite Runner became a bestseller after being printed in paperback and was popularized in book clubs . It was a number one New York Times bestseller for over two years , with over seven million copies sold in the United States . Reviews were generally positive , though parts of the plot drew significant controversy in Afghanistan . A number of adaptations were created following publication , including a 2007 film of the same name , several stage performances , and a graphic novel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_M._Nelson", "text": "David Moir Nelson ( April 29 , 1920 - November 30 , 1991 ) was an American football player , coach , college athletics administrator , author , and authority on college football playing rules . He served as the head football coach at Hillsdale College ( 1946-1947 ) , the University of Maine ( 1949-1950 ) , and the University of Delaware ( 1951-1965 ) , compiling a career record of 105-48-6 . During his 15 years as the head coach at Delaware , he tallied a mark of 84-42-2 and gained fame as the father of the Wing T offensive formation . From 1951 to 1984 , he served as Delaware 's athletic director . In 1957 , Nelson was named to the National Collegiate Athletic Association Football Rules Committee and in 1962 became its Secretary-Editor , a position he held for 29 years until his death , the longest tenure in Rules Committee history . In this role , he edited the official college football rulebook and provided interpretations on how the playing rules were to be applied to game situations . Nelson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milagros_(film)", "text": "Milagros is a 1997 Philippine drama film directed by Marilou Diaz-Abaya and written by Rolando Tinio . The film was selected as the Philippine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 70th Academy Awards , but was not accepted as a nominee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_Seinfeld", "text": "Jerome Allen Seinfeld ( /ˈsaɪnfɛld/ SYNE-feld ; born April 29 , 1954 ) is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer , and director . He is known for playing a semi-fictionalized version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld , which he created and wrote with Larry David . The show aired on NBC from 1989 until 1998 , becoming one of the most acclaimed and popular sitcoms of all time . As a stand-up comedian , Seinfeld specializes in observational comedy . In 2005 , Comedy Central named Seinfeld the 12th Greatest Stand-up Comedian of All Time . Seinfeld produced , co-wrote and starred in the 2007 film Bee Movie . In 2010 , he premiered a reality series called The Marriage Ref , which aired for two seasons on NBC . Seinfeld is the creator and host of the series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee on Netflix . He is married to author and philanthropist Jessica Seinfeld , with whom he has three children ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Farrar,_Straus_and_Giroux", "text": "Farrar , Straus and Giroux ( FSG ) is an American book publishing company , founded in 1946 by Roger Williams Straus Jr. and John C. Farrar . FSG is known for publishing literary books , and its authors have won numerous awards , including Pulitzer Prizes , National Book Awards , and Nobel Peace Prizes . The publisher is currently a division of Macmillan , whose parent company is the German publishing conglomerate Holtzbrinck Publishing Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Genting_Hong_Kong", "text": "Genting Hong Kong Limited ( Chinese : 雲頂香港有限公司 ) is a holding company that operates cruise and resort businesses . It is a member of the Malaysian Genting Group and 17.8% owned by Genting Berhad . It owns Crystal Cruises , Dream Cruises , Star Cruises , Resorts World Manila , and the MV Werften shipyards . Its head office is in Suite 1501 of the Ocean Centre ( 海洋中心 ) building in Harbour City , Tsim Sha Tsui . Genting Hong Kong is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( SEHK : 678 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Habsburg_Monarchy", "text": "Habsburg Monarchy ( or Habsburg Empire ) is an umbrella term used by historians for the lands and kingdoms of the House of Habsburg , especially for those of the Austrian line . Although from 1438 until 1806 ( with the exception of 1742-1745 ) the head of the House of Habsburg was also Holy Roman Emperor , the Empire itself is not considered a part of the Habsburg Monarchy . The formation of the Habsburg Monarchy began with the election of Rudolf I as King of Germany in 1273 and his acquisition of the Duchy of Austria for his house in 1282 . In 1482 , Maximilian I acquired the Netherlands through marriage . Both these territories lay within the Empire and passed to his grandson and successor , Charles V , who also inherited Spain and its colonies and ruled the Habsburg Empire at its greatest territorial extent . The abdication of Charles V in 1556 led to a broad division of the Habsburg holdings between his brother Ferdinand I , who was his deputy in the Austrian lands since 1521 and the elected king of Hungary and Bohemia since 1526 , and his son Philip II of Spain . The Spanish branch ( which also held the Netherlands , Burgundy and lands in Italy ) went extinct in 1700 . The Austrian branch ( which also had the Imperial throne and ruled Hungary , Bohemia and all the crowns entailed to them ) was itself divided between different branches of the family from 1564 until 1665 , but thereafter it remained a single personal union . The Habsburg monarchy was thus a union of crowns - with no single constitution or shared institutions outside of the Habsburg court itself - composed of territories within and outside the Holy Roman Empire , united only in the person of the monarch . The dynastic composite entities were the most dominant on the European continent in the early modern era . This gradually changed in the early 19th century . From 1804 to 1867 the Habsburg Monarchy was formally unified as the Austrian Empire , and from 1867 to 1918 as the Austro-Hungarian Empire.It collapsed following defeat in the First World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago", "text": "Chicago ( /ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ ) , officially the City of Chicago , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois , and the third-most-populous city in the United States . With an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States . Chicago is the county seat of Cook County , the second-most-populous county in the US , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city extending into DuPage County near O'Hare Airport . Chicago is the principal city of the Chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as Chicagoland . At nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the United States . Located on the shores of freshwater Lake Michigan , Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed and grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , which destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a concerted effort to rebuild . The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world . Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the Chicago School of architecture ) , the development of the City Beautiful Movement , and the steel-framed skyscraper . Chicago is an international hub for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . It is the site of the creation of the first standardized futures contracts , issued by the Chicago Board of Trade , which today is the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world , generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures alone . Depending on the particular year , the city 's O'Hare International Airport is routinely ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport according to tracked data by the Airports Council International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas_Senate", "text": "The Texas Senate is the upper house of the Texas State Legislature . There are 31 members of the Senate , representing single-member districts across the U.S. state of Texas , with populations of approximately 806,000 per constituency , based on the 2010 U.S. Census . There are no term limits , and each term is four years long . Elections are held in even-numbered years on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November . In elections in years ending in 2 , all seats are up for election . Half of the senators will serve a two-year term , based on a drawing ; the other half will fill regular four-year terms . In the case of the latter , they or their successors will be up for two-year terms in the next year that ends in 0 . As such , in other elections , about half of the Texas Senate is on the ballot . The Senate meets at the Texas State Capitol in Austin . The Republicans currently control the chamber , which is made up of 19 Republicans and 12 Democrats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India_national_cricket_team", "text": "The India men 's national cricket team , also known as Team India and Men in Blue , is governed by the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) , and is a Full Member of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) with Test , One-Day International ( ODI ) and Twenty20 International ( T20I ) status . Cricket was introduced to India by European merchant sailors in the 18th century , and the first cricket club was established in 1792 . India 's national cricket team did not play its first Test match until 25 June 1932 at Lord 's , becoming the sixth team to be granted test cricket status . From 1932 India had to wait until 1952 , almost 20 years for its first Test victory . In its first fifty years of international cricket , India was one of the weaker teams , winning only 35 of the first 196 Test matches it played . The team , however , gained strength in the 1970s with the emergence of players such as batsmen Gavaskar , Viswanath , Kapil Dev , and the Indian spin quartet . Traditionally much stronger at home than abroad , the Indian team has improved its overseas form , especially in limited-overs cricket , since the start of the 21st century , winning Test matches in Australia , England and South Africa . It has won the Cricket World Cup twice - in 1983 under the captaincy of Kapil Dev and in 2011 under the captaincy of Mahendra Singh Dhoni . After winning the 2011 World Cup , India became only the third team after West Indies and Australia to have won the World Cup more than once , and the first cricket team to win the World Cup at home . It also won the 2007 ICC World Twenty20 and 2013 ICC Champions Trophy , under the captaincy of MS Dhoni . It was also the joint champions of 2002 ICC Champions Trophy , along with Sri Lanka . The Indian cricket team has rivalries with other Test-playing nations , most notably with Pakistan , the political arch-rival of India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shortstop", "text": "Shortstop , abbreviated SS , is the baseball or softball fielding position between second and third base , which is considered to be among the most demanding defensive positions . Historically the position was assigned to defensive specialists who were typically poor at batting and were often placed at the bottom of the batting order . Today shortstops are often able to hit well and many are placed at the top of the lineup . In the numbering system used by scorers to record defensive plays , the shortstop is assigned the number 6 . More hit balls go to the shortstop than to any other position , as there are more right-handed hitters in baseball than left-handed hitters , and most hitters have a tendency to pull the ball slightly . Like a second baseman , a shortstop must be agile , for example when performing a 4-6-3 double play . Also , like a third baseman , the shortstop fields balls hit to the left side of the infield , where a strong arm is needed to throw out a batter-runner before they reach the safety of first base ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Mentalist", "text": "The Mentalist is an American drama television series that ran from September 23 , 2008 , until February 18 , 2015 , broadcasting 151 episodes over seven seasons , on CBS . Created by Bruno Heller , who was also its executive producer , the show follows former psychic Patrick Jane ( Simon Baker ) , who is a consultant to the California Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) and his boss , a former senior agent , Teresa Lisbon ( Robin Tunney ) , using the highly developed observational skills he previously employed to read people 's minds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drop_the_Mic", "text": "Drop the Mic is an American musical reality competition television series that premiered on October 24 , 2017 , airing on TBS for its first two seasons before moving to TNT for its third season on January 23 , 2019 . The show is based on a recurring segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth_Forest_Park", "text": "Queen Elizabeth Forest Park is a 19,665-hectare ( 48,590-acre ) forest park in the Scottish Highlands which extends from the eastern shores of Loch Lomond to the mountains of Strathyre . The forest park is one of six such parks in Scotland , and was established in 1953 , the year of the coronation of Elizabeth II . It is owned and managed by Forestry and Land Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Herrera_(American_football)", "text": "Anthony Herrera ( born June 14 , 1980 ) is a former American football offensive guard . He played college football for the University of Tennessee and was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Vikings . Herrera was born a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago , but has now gained American citizenship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fairey_III", "text": "The Fairey Aviation Company Fairey III was a family of British reconnaissance biplanes that enjoyed a very long production and service history in both landplane and seaplane variants . First flying on 14 September 1917 , examples were still in use during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Exxon_Mobil", "text": "Exxon Mobil Corporation , doing business as ExxonMobil , is an American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving , Texas . It is the largest direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller 's Standard Oil , and was formed on November 30 , 1999 by the merger of Exxon ( formerly the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey ) and Mobil ( formerly the Standard Oil Company of New York ) . ExxonMobil 's primary brands are Exxon , Mobil , Esso , and ExxonMobil Chemical . ExxonMobil is incorporated in Texas . One of the world 's largest companies by revenue , ExxonMobil from 1996 to 2017 varied from the first to sixth largest publicly traded company by market capitalization . The company was ranked ninth globally in the Forbes Global 2000 list in 2016 . ExxonMobil was the tenth most profitable company in the Fortune 500 in 2017 . As of 2018 , the company ranked second in the Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . Approximately 55.56% of the company 's shares are held by institutions . As of March 2019 , ExxonMobil 's largest shareholders include The Vanguard Group ( 8.15% ) , BlackRock ( 6.61% ) , and State Street Corporation ( 4.83% ) . ExxonMobil is one of the largest of the world 's Big Oil companies . As of 2007 [ update ] , it had daily production of 3.921 million BOE ( barrels of oil equivalent ) ; but significantly smaller than a number of national companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kodiak,_Alaska", "text": "Kodiak ( Alutiiq : Sun'aq ; Russian : Кадьяк , tr . Kadʹyak ) is one of seven communities and the main city on Kodiak Island , Kodiak Island Borough , in the U.S. state of Alaska . All commercial transportation between the entire island and the outside world goes through this city either via ferryboat or airline . The population was 6,130 as of the 2010 census . 2018 estimates put the population at 5,968 . Originally inhabited by Alutiiq natives for over 7,000 years , the city was settled in the 18th century by the subjects of the Russian crown and became the capital of Russian Alaska . Harvesting of the area 's sea otter pelts led to the near extinction of the animal in the following century and led to wars with and enslavement of the natives for over 150 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mircea_Zamfir", "text": "Mircea Zamfir ( born 29 May 1985 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast . He won six world championships medals ( three gold , two silver and one bronze ) and seven European championships medals ( six gold and one bronze ) . He is also the individual 2007 European champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_trap", "text": "The Women 's trap event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on August 11 , 2008 at the Beijing Shooting Range Clay Target Field . The event consisted of two rounds : a qualifier and a final . In the qualifier , each shooter fired 3 sets of 25 targets in trap shooting , with 10 targets being thrown to the left , 10 to the right , and 5 straight-away in each set . The shooters could take two shots at each target . The top 6 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round . There , they fired one additional round of 25 targets , where only one shot could be taken at each target . The total score from all 100 targets was used to determine final ranking . Ties are broken using a shoot-off ; additional shots are fired one at a time until there is no longer a tie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disentis_GR", "text": "Disentis ( German ) or Mustér ( [ muˈʃteː ] ( help·info ) , Romansh ) , with its official name Disentis/Mustér is a village and a municipality in the Surselva Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . The skiing and summer tourism resort high up in the Rhine valley is the site of one of the oldest Benedictine monasteries in Switzerland . The monastery dates back to 720 , its huge actual complex dates from 1696 to 1712 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joseph_Mahmoud", "text": "Joseph Mahmoud ( born 13 December 1955 in Safi , Morocco ) was a French athlete who mainly competed in the 3000 metre steeple chase . He competed for France at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles , California , where he won the silver medal in the men 's 3000 metre steeplechase event . He also competed in the same event at the 1992 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canaima_National_Park", "text": "Canaima National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Canaima ) is a 30,000 km2 ( 12,000 sq mi ) park in south-eastern Venezuela that roughly occupies the same area as the Gran Sabana region . It is located in Bolívar State , reaching the borders with Brazil and Guyana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qian_Jialing", "text": "Qian Jialing ( born February 3 , 1988 ) is a Chinese archer and is a former world number one . She won the silver medal in the team competition at the 2006 Asian Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church_(Pierre,_South_Dakota)", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church built in 1910 is an historic Methodist church located at 117 Central Avenue , North in Pierre , South Dakota . The original congregation , which dates from 1880 , moved in 1881 from rented halls to its first building on Fort Street . In 1883 it moved to a building on the present Central Avenue site . The present Late Gothic Revival-style building was built in 1910 . It was designed by John P. Eisentraut of the Black Hills Company , architects of Deadwood , and built by parishoner F. Turner . It included space for the first library in Pierre , a gymnasium , and a plunge pool . On May 9 , 1997 , the 1910 building was added to the National Register of Historic Places . It is now the Pierre First United Methodist Church . In February 2012 , Reverend Dan Bader was announced as the new Senior Pastor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nedbank", "text": "Nedbank Group is a financial services group in South Africa offering wholesale and retail banking services as well as insurance , asset management , and wealth management . Nedbank Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nedbank Group . Nedbank 's primary market is South Africa . Nedbank also operates in six other countries in the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) , through subsidiaries and banks in Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Swaziland and Zimbabwe , as well as offices in Angola and Kenya . Outside Africa , Nedbank have offices to provide international financial services for Africa-based clients in Guernsey , Isle of Man , Jersey , the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates . In 2014 , Nedbank acquired an associate stake of 20% in Ecobank . The Nedbank-Ecobank Alliance is the largest banking network in Africa , with more than 2,000 branches in 39 countries . Nedbank is headquartered in Johannesburg . Market capitalization was ZAR125 billion ( approximately US $ 9.1 billion ) , as of June 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cricket", "text": "Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the centre of which is a 20-metre ( 22-yard ) pitch with a wicket at each end , each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps . The batting side scores runs by striking the ball bowled at the wicket with the bat , while the bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this and dismiss each player ( so they are out ) . Means of dismissal include being bowled , when the ball hits the stumps and dislodges the bails , and by the fielding side catching the ball after it is hit by the bat , but before it hits the ground . When ten players have been dismissed , the innings ends and the teams swap roles . The game is adjudicated by two umpires , aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches . They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match 's statistical information . There are various formats ranging from Twenty20 , played over a few hours with each team batting for a single innings of 20 overs , to Test matches , played over five days with unlimited overs and the teams each batting for two innings of unlimited length . Traditionally cricketers play in all-white kit , but in limited overs cricket they wear club or team colours . In addition to the basic kit , some players wear protective gear to prevent injury caused by the ball , which is a hard , solid spheroid made of compressed leather with a slightly raised sewn seam enclosing a cork core which is layered with tightly wound string . Historically , cricket 's origins are uncertain and the earliest definite reference is in south-east England in the middle of the 16th century . It spread globally with the expansion of the British Empire , leading to the first international matches in the second half of the 19th century . The game 's governing body is the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , which has over 100 members , twelve of which are full members who play Test matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1969–70_NHL_season", "text": "The 1969-70 NHL season was the 53rd season of the National Hockey League . For the third straight season , the St. Louis Blues reached the Stanley Cup finals , and for the third straight year , the winners of the expansion West Division were swept four games to none . This time , however , it was at the hands of the Boston Bruins , as the defending champions Montreal Canadiens narrowly missed the playoffs , something that did not happen again for the next quarter century . With both the Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs missing the 1970 Stanley Cup playoffs , it was the first time in league history that neither of the NHL 's two Canadian teams ( at the time ) qualified for the playoffs ( something that has happened only once since , in 2016 , when all of the league 's then seven Canadian teams missed the playoffs ) . It was also the final season that teams wore their colored jerseys at home until the 2003-04 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marion_High_School_(Indiana)", "text": "Marion High School is a high school in Marion , Indiana with more than 1,000 students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helen_Morgan", "text": "Helen Morgan ( August 2 , 1900 - October 9 , 1941 ) was an American singer and actress who worked in films and on the stage . A quintessential torch singer , she made a big splash in the Chicago club scene in the 1920s . She starred as Julie LaVerne in the original Broadway production of Hammerstein and Kern 's musical Show Boat in 1927 , as well as in the 1932 Broadway revival of the musical , and appeared in two film adaptations , a part-talkie made in 1929 ( prologue only ) and a full-sound version made in 1936 , becoming firmly associated with the role . She suffered from bouts of alcoholism , and despite her notable success in the title role of another Hammerstein and Kern 's Broadway musical , Sweet Adeline ( 1929 ) , her stage career was relatively short . Helen Morgan died of cirrhosis of the liver at the age of 41 . She was portrayed by Polly Bergen in the Playhouse 90 drama The Helen Morgan Story and by Ann Blyth in the 1957 biopic based on the television drama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Province_of_Naples", "text": "The Province of Naples ( Italian : Provincia di Napoli , Napulitano : Pruvincia ' e Nàpule ) was a province in the Campania region of southern Italy ; since January 2015 has been replaced by the Metropolitan City of Naples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling", "text": "Cycling , also called biking or bicycling , is the use of bicycles for transport , recreation , exercise or sport . People engaged in cycling are referred to as cyclists , bikers , or less commonly , as bicyclists . Apart from two-wheeled bicycles , cycling also includes the riding of unicycles , tricycles , quadracycles , recumbent and similar human-powered vehicles ( HPVs ) . Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century and now number approximately one billion worldwide . They are the principal means of transportation in many parts of the world . Cycling is widely regarded as a very effective and efficient mode of transportation optimal for short to moderate distances . Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles , including the sustained physical exercise involved in cycling , easier parking , increased maneuverability , and access to roads , bike paths and rural trails . Cycling also offers a reduced consumption of fossil fuels , less air or noise pollution , and much reduced traffic congestion . These lead to less financial cost to the user as well as to society at large ( negligible damage to roads , less road area required ) . By fitting bicycle racks on the front of buses , transit agencies can significantly increase the areas they can serve . In addition , cycling provides a variety of health benefits . The World Health Organization ( WHO ) states that cycling can reduce the risk of cancers , heart disease , and diabetes that are prevalent in sedentary lifestyles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kissyfur", "text": "Kissyfur is an American animated children 's television series which aired on NBC in the 1980s . It was produced by Jean Chalopin and Andy Heyward and created by Phil Mendez for DIC Animation City . The series was based on a half-hour NBC special called Kissyfur : Bear Roots and was followed by three more specials until its Saturday morning debut . The show ran for two seasons . It also aired on the BBC ( as part of its But First This lineup becoming the only cartoon made for the BBC during that block ) , TCC and Nickelodeon in the UK , ATV World in Hong Kong , SABC1 and SABC2 in South Africa , TVP in Poland , TV3 in New Zealand , Sirasa TV in Sri Lanka , SBT in Brazil , MediaCorp Channel 5 in Singapore , JBC , SSTV and Television Jamaica in Jamaica , RTB in Brunei , Namibian Broadcasting Corporation in Namibia , GMA Network in the Philippines , Armed Forces Network in Germany , Canal+ in France , Israeli Educational Television in Israel , NCRV in the Netherlands and Seven Network in Australia . The show follows the adventures of Gus and Kissyfur , a father and son bear duo who had joined the circus . One day on a circus trip , the train they are riding in derails and the bears escape to a new life in the swamps of Paddlecab County . There , they protect the local swamp 's inhabitants from the local bumbling alligators Floyd and Jolene . Kissyfur and his father use the skills they have acquired from the human world to create a boat tour business transporting other animals and their products down the river ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potsdam", "text": "Potsdam ( German pronunciation : [ ˈpɔt͡sdam ] ( listen ) ; Lower Sorbian : Podstupim ) is the capital and largest city of the German federal state of Brandenburg . It directly borders the German capital , Berlin , and is part of the Berlin/Brandenburg Metropolitan Region . It is situated on the River Havel some 25 kilometres ( 16 miles ) southwest of Berlin 's city centre . Potsdam was a residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser until 1918 . Its planning embodied ideas of the Age of Enlightenment : through a careful balance of architecture and landscape , Potsdam was intended as a picturesque , pastoral dream which would remind its residents of their relationship with nature and reason . The city lies in an area of interconnected lakes and is distinguished by a series of cultural landmarks , in particular the parks and palaces of Sanssouci , the largest World Heritage Site in Germany . The Potsdam Conference in 1945 was held at Cecilienhof Palace . Babelsberg , in the south-eastern part of Potsdam , was already by the 1930s the home of a major film production studio and it has enjoyed success as an important center of European film production since the fall of the Berlin Wall . The Filmstudio Babelsberg is the oldest large-scale film studio in the world . Potsdam developed into a centre of science in Germany in the 19th century . Today , there are three public colleges , the University of Potsdam , and more than 30 research institutes in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disney_Parks,_Experiences_and_Products", "text": "Disney Parks , Experiences and Products , Inc. , formerly Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Worldwide , Inc. and informally known as Disney Parks , is one of The Walt Disney Company 's four major business segments and a subsidiary . It was founded on April 1 , 1971 , exactly six months before the opening of Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida just outside of Orlando , Florida . Originally , the company was known as Walt Disney Outdoor Recreation Division and later as Walt Disney Attractions . The chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts was Bob Chapek , formerly president of Disney Consumer Products . Chapek reports to Disney CEO Bob Iger . In 2018 , the company 's theme parks hosted over 157.3 million guests , making Disney Parks the world 's most visited theme park company worldwide , with United Kingdom-based Merlin Entertainments coming in second at 67 million guests . It is by far Disney 's largest business segment according to employee headcount , with approximately 130,000 of the company 's 180,000 employees as of 2015 . In March 2018 , Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was merged into Parks and Resorts and renamed Disney Parks , Experiences and Products ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beloit,_Wisconsin", "text": "Beloit is a city in Rock County , Wisconsin , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 36,966 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mission:_Impossible_(1966_TV_series)", "text": "Mission : Impossible is an American television series created and initially produced by Bruce Geller , chronicling the exploits of a team of secret government agents known as the Impossible Missions Force ( IMF ) . In the first season , the team is led by Dan Briggs , played by Steven Hill ; Jim Phelps takes charge for the remaining seasons , played by Peter Graves . Each episode opens with a fast-paced montage of shots from that episode which unfolds as the series ' theme music plays , composed by Lalo Schifrin , after which Briggs or Phelps receives his instructions from a voice delivered on a recording which then destroys itself . The series was financed and filmed by Desilu Productions and aired on CBS from September 1966 to March 1973 . It was revived in 1988 for two seasons on ABC , retaining only Graves in the cast . It also inspired a series of theatrical motion pictures starring Tom Cruise beginning in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portland,_Maine", "text": "Portland is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maine and the seat of Cumberland County . Portland 's population was 66,417 as of 2018 . The Greater Portland metropolitan area is home to over half a million people , more than one-third of Maine 's total population , making it the most populous metropolitan area in northern New England ( an area comprising the states of Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont ) and the 106th-largest in the United States . Portland 's economy relies mostly on the service sector and tourism . The Old Port district is known for its 19th-century architecture and nightlife . Marine industry still plays an important role in the city 's economy , with an active waterfront that supports fishing and commercial shipping . The Port of Portland is the largest tonnage seaport in New England . The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes , which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires . Portland was named after the English Isle of Portland , Dorset . In turn , the city of Portland , Oregon was named after Portland , Maine . Portland itself comes from the Old English word Portlanda , which literally means land surrounding a harbor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Digital_subchannel", "text": "In broadcasting , digital subchannels are a method of transmitting more than one independent program stream simultaneously from the same digital radio or television station on the same radio frequency channel . This is done by using data compression techniques to reduce the size of each individual program stream , and multiplexing to combine them into a single signal . The practice is sometimes called multicasting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CFWM-FM", "text": "CFWM-FM ( 99.9 MHz ) is a commercial radio station in Winnipeg , Manitoba . It airs an adult hits radio format branded as 99.9 Bob FM . The station broadcasts from 1445 Pembina Highway , in Winnipeg , with sister stations CKMM-FM and CFRW . The transmitter is located on Road 54 Northeast , off McGillivrey Boulevard , near Oak Bluff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976–77_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1976 season began on December 18 , 1976 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Oakland Raiders defeating the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl XI , 32-14 , on January 9 , 1977 , at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harold_E._Johns", "text": "Harold Elford Johns , OC ( 4 July 1915 - 23 August 1998 ) was a Canadian medical physicist , noted for his extensive contributions to the use of ionizing radiation to treat cancer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/True_Jackson,_VP", "text": "True Jackson , VP is an American teen sitcom that aired on Nickelodeon from November 8 , 2008 , to August 20 , 2011 . The series starred Keke Palmer , Ashley Argota , Matt Shively , Danielle Bisutti , Greg Proops , Robbie Amell , and Ron Butler . The theme song was written by Toby Gad and Keke Palmer and is performed by Palmer . The series was shot in front of a live studio audience , which is mentioned at the start of each episode ( with the exception of Mission Gone Bad ) . On May 5 , 2009 , Nickelodeon renewed the show for a second season of 34 episodes , which premiered on November 14 , 2009 . In 2010 , Nickelodeon cancelled the show after two seasons . It was then later split , making a third season . The pilot episode garnered 4.8 million viewers on its first airing and set network records among kids 6-11 , tweens 9-14 and several other demographics , airing after the iCarly three-part episode iGo to Japan . The show premiered on Nickelodeon ( UK and Ireland ) on May 25 , 2009 , and on Nickelodeon ( Latin America ) on August 3 , 2009 . The one-hour ( two-part ) episode entitled Mystery in Peru completed the 34 ordered episodes for season two ( production wise ) , after it aired on August 20 , 2011 . Keke Palmer posted a video on her YouTube account and posted on her blog , confirming that Mystery in Peru is the series ' finale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Acre", "text": "The Republic of Acre ( Portuguese : República do Acre , Spanish : República del Acre ) or the Independent State of Acre ( Portuguese : Estado Independente do Acre , Spanish : Estado Independiente del Acre ) were the names of a series of separatist governments in then Bolivia 's Acre region between 1899 and 1903 . The region was eventually annexed by Brazil in 1903 and is now the State of Acre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dagenham", "text": "Dagenham ( /ˈdæɡənəm/ ) is a district and suburban town in East London , England . In the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham , it is 11.5 miles ( 18.5 km ) east of Charing Cross . Historically a parish in the county of Essex , it was an agrarian village and remained mostly undeveloped until 1921 , when the London County Council began construction of the large Becontree estate . The population of the area significantly increased in the 20th century , with the parish of Dagenham becoming an urban district in 1926 and a municipal borough in 1938 . It has formed part of Greater London since 1965 and is a predominantly residential area , with some areas of declining industrial activity , including the Ford Dagenham plant . The southern part of Dagenham , adjacent to the River Thames , forms part of the London Riverside section of the Thames Gateway redevelopment area . The total population of Dagenham , including the Becontree estate , was 106,247 as of 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Hurricanes_baseball", "text": "The Miami Hurricanes baseball team is the college baseball program that represents the University of Miami . Since 1973 , the program has been one of college baseball 's elite with 25 College World Series appearances , winning four national championships ( 1982 , 1985 , 1999 , 2001 ) and advancing to the NCAA regionals a record 44 consecutive years . Miami has won 29 NCAA Regional Titles , hosted 27 NCAA Regionals , and in each of their four national championship runs they were a NCAA Regional Host . Along with the university 's other athletic teams , the baseball team became a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference during the 2004-05 academic year . Previously , the baseball program competed as an NCAA independent , even during the school 's Big East affiliation in other sports . Miami won its first ever conference championship in baseball when it captured the 2008 ACC Baseball Championship . The Hurricanes play in Mark Light Field at Alex Rodriguez Park , on the UM campus , in Coral Gables , Florida . Gino DiMare will serve as the team 's head coach in 2019 after the retirement of longtime head coach Jim Morris following the 2018 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCBS-FM", "text": "KCBS-FM ( 93.1 FM , Jack FM ) is a radio station in Los Angeles , California , serving Greater Los Angeles on 93.1 MHz and owned by Entercom . KCBS-FM airs an adult hits music format branded as 93.1 Jack FM . Unlike other radio stations airing the Jack FM format , KCBS-FM runs a fairly focused playlist of popular classic rock and alternative rock tracks . Currently , the station has no air staff except for Crystal Z with her Jacktivities ( events and whatever announcements deemed worthy by Jack ) and Howard Cogan supplying prerecorded quips and remarks between songs . Unlike most other stations in this format , the call sign does not include any form of the word Jack , opting instead to hold over the call letters from a previous format , including the station 's corporate identity . This is similar to its sister station in New York City , which maintained its WCBS-FM call letters during its two-year run as Jack FM from 2005 to 2007 . Although Jack proclaims that the station is run in a dumpy little building in beautiful downtown Culver City , studios and offices for KCBS-FM are actually at the intersection of Venice Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue in Los Angeles , about half a mile north of Culver City . The station 's transmitter is based on Mount Wilson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/R._Charleroi_S.C.", "text": "Royal Charleroi Sporting Club , often simply known as Charleroi or Sporting Charleroi , is a Belgian football club based in the city of Charleroi , in the province of Hainaut . Charleroi plays in the Belgian Pro League and their current spell at the highest level in Belgian football has started in the 2012-13 season . Charleroi was founded in 1904 and they first reached the first division in 1947-48 . Their highest finish was runner-up in the 1968-69 season . They have also twice reached the Belgian Cup final , losing in 1977-78 to Beveren and in 1992-93 to Standard Liège . Sporting Charleroi have a long-standing rivalry with their crosstown rival ROC de Charleroi-Marchienne , currently playing in the third division . Charleroi play their home matches at the Stade du Pays de Charleroi , which was refurbished for the UEFA Euro 2000 . The stadium hosted 3 group stage games in the Euro 2000 among which the 1-0 victory of England against Germany . Charleroi have been recruiting several French players in recent years , including Michaël Ciani , Cyril Théréau and goalkeeper Bertrand Laquait ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mientes", "text": "Mientes ( English : You Lie ) is a Spanish language song by Mexican pop group Camila released as the lead single from their second studio album , Dejarte de Amar ( 2010 ) released on November 16 , 2009 through Sony Music , the song was written by Mario Domm and Mónica Vélez . The song was also part of the soundtrack of Mexican telenovela Corazón Salvaje ( 2009-2010 ) . The song received two Latin Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Record of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Modern_architecture", "text": "Modern architecture , or modernist architecture , was based upon new and innovative technologies of construction , particularly the use of glass , steel and reinforced concrete ; the idea that form should follow function ( functionalism ) ; an embrace of minimalism ; and a rejection of ornament . It emerged in the first half of the 20th century and became dominant after World War II until the 1980s , when it was gradually replaced as the principal style for institutional and corporate buildings by postmodern architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basra_Eyalet", "text": "Basra Eyalet ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت بصره ; Eyālet-i Baṣrâ ) was an eyalet of the Ottoman Empire . Its reported area in the 19th century was 9,872 square miles ( 25,570 km2 ) . It had a Defterdar and Kehiya of the Chavushes but neither Alai-beg nor Cheribashi because there were no ziamets or Timars , the lands being all rented by the governor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greenwich,_Cumberland_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Greenwich Township ( /ˈɡrinwɪtʃ/ ) is a township in Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population was 804 , reflecting a decline of 43 ( -5.1% ) from the 847 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn declined by 64 ( -7.0% ) from the 911 counted in the 1990 Census . It is part of the Vineland-Millville- Bridgeton Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area for statistical purposes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Les_Bowie", "text": "Les Bowie ( November 10 , 1913 - January 27 , 1979 ) was a Canadian-born special effects artist working mainly in Britain . Bowie began his career as a matte painter in 1946 . His work found places in classic films such as Great Expectations , Oliver Twist and The Red Shoes . He created his own company in 1951 and worked freelance on projects for relatively low-budget studios such as Hammer Films and Oakmont Productions . His films for Hammer included The Quatermass Xperiment ( 1955 ) , Dracula ( 1958 ) and The Kiss of the Vampire ( 1963 ) . His Oakmont films were Attack on the Iron Coast , Submarine X-1 and Mosquito Squadron . Bowie worked with Ray Harryhausen on Jason and the Argonauts , First Men in the Moon , One Million Years B.C . and Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger . Notable non-Hammer films included The Day the Earth Caught Fire ( 1961 ) , Fahrenheit 451 ( 1966 ) Casino Royale ( 1967 ) and The Assassination Bureau ( 1969 ) . He was also one of a team to win an Oscar for his work on the 1978 film Superman , specialising in mattes and composites ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Passenham", "text": "Passenham is a small village in the civil parish of Old Stratford in South Northamptonshire , England . It is just north of the River Great Ouse , which forms the boundary with Buckinghamshire , and close to ( but separated by the river from ) Stony Stratford in Milton Keynes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Bass_(baseball)", "text": "John Elias Bass ( 1848 - September 25 , 1888 ) was an American professional baseball player who played shortstop in the major leagues from 1871-1877 . He played for the Cleveland Forest Citys , Brooklyn Atlantics , and Hartford Dark Blues . In 1871 , he led the National Association in triples with ten . He is buried in Riverside Cemetery in Denver , CO ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drumcondra_F.C.", "text": "Drumcondra Football Club is an Irish association football club based in the Clonturk district of Drumcondra , Dublin . Their senior team play in the Leinster Senior League Senior Division . Drumcondra also field teams in the Amateur Football League , the North Dublin Schoolboys/Girls League and the Dublin & District Schoolboys League . In 1926-27 Drumcondra were the inaugural winners of the FAI Intermediate Cup and in the same season they also won the FAI Cup . They subsequently played in the League of Ireland from 1928-29 until 1971-72 . During this time they won five League of Ireland titles and a further four FAI Cups . In 1972 they merged with their Northside , Dublin neighbours , Home Farm . The new club was briefly known as Home Farm-Drumcondra . The modern club was reformed in 2008 following the merger of Drumcondra A.F.C . and Drumcondra Athletic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_McInnis", "text": "Thomas Johnson McInnis ( born April 9 , 1945 ) is a Canadian senator . He also represented the electoral district of Halifax Eastern Shore in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1978 to 1993 , as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Nova Scotia . Born on April 9 , 1945 in Sheet Harbour , Nova Scotia , McInnis attended Saint Mary 's University and earned his law degree from Dalhousie University . He specializes in property and commercial law and public-private partnerships . He is the president of the Sheet Harbour and Area Chamber of Commerce and was appointed to the Halifax Port Authority in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KOMO-TV", "text": "KOMO-TV , virtual channel 4 ( UHF digital channel 30 ) , is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Seattle , Washington , United States and also serving Tacoma . The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group , as part of a duopoly with Bellevue-licensed Univision affiliate KUNS-TV ( channel 51 ) ; it is also sister to radio stations KOMO ( 1000 AM and 97.7 FM ) , KVI ( 570 AM ) , and KPLZ-FM ( 101.5 MHz ) . The stations share studios within KOMO Plaza ( formerly Fisher Plaza ) in the Lower Queen Anne section of Seattle , directly across the street from the Space Needle ; KOMO-TV and KUNS-TV share transmitter facilities in the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle . From the station 's inception until August 2013 , KOMO-TV was the flagship station of Seattle-based Fisher Communications ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ermal_Fejzullahu", "text": "Ermal Fejzullahu ( born 23 August 1988 in Pristina ) is a popular Albanian singer from Kosovo . He is the son of well-known singer Sabri Fejzullahu . In the summer of 2010 Fejzullahu had a song collaboration with Tingulli 3nt , a famous Albanian rapper group . The video of the song was reportedly censored , because of the excessive nudity exposed in the images . He was the winner of Top Fest edition of 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MTV_Unplugged_(Alejandro_Sanz_album)", "text": "MTV Unplugged is the second live album from Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz , which turns him into the first Spanish artist in recording an unplugged for MTV , and in this opportunity he resorts to Humberto Gatica 's talent as producer and arranger . This album contains an inedit song , Y Sólo Se Me Ocurre Amarte dedicated to his daughter Manuela , the song Aprendiz that Alejandro composed for the Spanish singer Malú , a different version of Cómo Te Echo de Menos and a flamenco song , Todo Es de Color by Manuel Molina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Onslow_(parliamentarian)", "text": "Sir Richard Onslow ( 1601 - 19 May 1664 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1664 . He fought on the Parliamentary side during the English Civil War . He was the grandson of one Speaker of the House of Commons and the grandfather of another , both also called Richard Onslow . Onslow was the son of Sir Edward Onslow of Knowle , Cranleigh and his wife Isabel Shirley , daughter of Sir Thomas Shirley of Wiston , Sussex . He was baptised on 30 July 1601 . He was educated at Jesus College , Cambridge in 1617 and at Lincoln 's Inn in 1618 . He was knighted on 2 June 1624 . In 1628 he was elected Member of Parliament for Surrey , and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years . He was also elected MP for Surrey in April 1640 for the Short Parliament and in November 1640 for the Long Parliament . When the Civil War broke out in 1642 , he raised a regiment for Parliament , and in 1644 led his men at the siege of Basing House . Being of moderate views , he was one of the members excluded from Parliament in Pride 's Purge in December 1648 . In 1654 he was elected again MP for Surrey in the First Protectorate Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gensler", "text": "Gensler is a global design and architecture firm . Organized into 16 diverse practice areas covering a broad spectrum of industry sectors , Gensler delivers a range of project types for clients around the world . In 2017 , Gensler generated $ 1.197 billion in revenue , the most of any architecture firm in the United States . As of 2018 , Gensler operated offices in 48 cities in 16 countries worldwide , working for clients in over 100 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kow_Swamp_Archaeological_Site", "text": "The Kow Swamp archaeological site comprises a series of late Pleistocene burials within the lunette of the eastern rim of a former lake known as Kow Swamp . The site is located 10 km south-east of Cohuna in the central Murray River valley , in northern Victoria , at 35°57′13″S 144°19′05″E / 35.953553°S 144.318123°E / -35.953553 ; 144.318123 . The site is significant for archaeological excavations by Alan Thorne between 1968 and 1972 which recovered the partial skeletal remains of more than 22 individuals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Purnia_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Purnia Lok Sabha constituency ( formerly Purnea ) ( Hindi : पूर्णिया लोकसभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBBS-FM", "text": "CBBS-FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's CBC Music network on 90.1 FM in Sudbury , Ontario . The station was originally licensed by the CRTC in 1984 . However , due to financial constraints at the CBC , the station was never launched , and the CBC was forced in 1991 to surrender all of its non-operating licenses . The license surrender left Sudbury as one of the largest cities in all of Canada not served by the CBC 's music network . The CBC subsequently applied for a new license , which was awarded in 2000 , and the station launched on March 29 , 2001 . The network 's Take Five , hosted by Shelley Solmes , broadcast from the Art Gallery of Sudbury the day of the station 's launch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lusail", "text": "Lusail ( Arabic : لوسيل ) is a planned city in Qatar , located on the coast , in the northern part of the municipality of Al Daayen . Lusail is located about 23 km north of the city centre of Doha , just north of the West Bay Lagoon , on over 38 km² and will eventually have the infrastructure to accommodate 450,000 people . Of these 450,000 people , it is estimated that 250,000 or less will be residents , 190,000 will be office workers and 60,000 will be retail workers . It is planned to have marinas , residential areas , island resorts , commercial districts , luxury shopping and leisure facilities , and a golf course community , man made islands and several entertainment districts . Construction is still ongoing . Development is being carried out by the state-controlled developer Qatari Diar along with Parsons Corporation and Dorsch-Gruppe . It is one of the proposed venues for the Qatar 2022 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salcombe", "text": "Salcombe is a popular resort town in the South Hams district of Devon , south west England . The town is close to the mouth of the Kingsbridge Estuary , mostly built on the steep west side of the estuary . It lies within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) . The town 's extensive waterfront and the naturally sheltered harbour formed by the estuary gave rise to its success as a boat and shipbuilding and sailing port and , in modern times , tourism especially in the form of pleasure sailing and yachting . The town is also home to a traditional shellfish fishing industry . The town is part of the electoral ward of Salcombe and Malborough , for which the 2011 census recorded a total population of 3,353 . Kingsbridge Estuary ( actually a ria or drowned valley ) lies between Bolt Head and Sharpitor on the west and Portlemouth Down on the east , and runs inland for some 8.6 kilometres ( 5.3 mi ) . The estuary was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest in February 1987 and is also a Local Nature Reserve ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Democratic_Party_(United_States)", "text": "The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , along with its main rival , the Republican Party . Tracing its heritage back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison 's Democratic-Republican Party , the modern-day Democratic Party was founded around 1828 by supporters of Andrew Jackson , making it the world 's oldest active political party . In its early years , the Party supported limited government , state sovereignty and opposed banks and the abolition of slavery . Since Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal coalition in the 1930s , the Democratic Party has promoted a social liberal platform . Well into the 20th century , the party had conservative pro-business and Southern conservative-populist wings ; following the New Deal , however , the conservative wing of the party largely withered outside the South . The New Deal Coalition of 1932-1964 attracted strong support from voters of recent European extraction - many of whom were Catholics based in the cities . After the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the core bases of the two parties shifted , with the Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics and the Northeastern states becoming more reliably Democratic . The once-powerful labor union element became smaller and less supportive after the 1970s . White evangelicals and Southerners have become heavily Republican at the state and local levels since the 1990s . People living in urban areas , women , college graduates , sexual and gender minorities , millennials , and black , Latino , Jewish , Muslim and Asian Americans tend to support the Democratic Party . The Democratic Party 's philosophy of modern liberalism advocates social and economic equality , along with the welfare state . It seeks to provide government regulation in the economy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rodney_Parade", "text": "Rodney Parade is a stadium in the city of Newport , South Wales , owned and operated by the Welsh Rugby Union . It is located on the east bank of the River Usk in Newport city centre . The ground is on Rodney Road , a short walk from the city 's central bus and railway stations via Newport Bridge or Newport City footbridge . There is no spectator car park at the ground but a number of multi-storey car parks are nearby . Rodney Parade is the home ground of Dragons regional rugby union team and rugby union club Newport RFC . It is also the home ground of Newport County football club , and is the second-oldest sports venue in the Football League , after Deepdale . Stadium capacity is reduced from rugby levels for football matches . Newport Squash Club has four courts at Rodney Parade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capcom", "text": "Capcom Co. , Ltd. ( Japanese : 株式会社カプコン , Hepburn : Kabushiki-gaisha Kapukon ) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher known for creating numerous multi-million selling game franchises , including Mega Man , Street Fighter , Resident Evil , Devil May Cry , Onimusha , Dino Crisis , Dead Rising , Sengoku Basara , Ghosts ' n Goblins , Monster Hunter , Breath of Fire , and Ace Attorney as well as games based on Disney animated properties . Established in 1979 , it has become an international enterprise with subsidiaries in North America , Europe , and Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London-Luton", "text": "London Luton Airport ( IATA : LTN , ICAO : EGGW ) , previously called Luton International Airport , is an international airport located 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) east of Luton town centre in the county of Bedfordshire , England , and is 28 miles ( 45 km ) north of Central London . The airport is owned by London Luton Airport Ltd ( LLAL ) , a company wholly owned by Luton Borough Council , and operated by London Luton Airport Operations Ltd ( LLAOL ) . An airport was opened on the site on 16 July 1938 . During the Second World War , the airport was used by fighters of Royal Air Force ; commercial activity at Luton resumed during 1952 . By the 1960s , Luton Airport was playing a key role in the development of the package holiday business ; by 1969 , a fifth of all holiday flights from the UK departed from Luton Airport . From the mid-1960s , executive aircraft have been based at the airport . During the late 1970s , an expansion plan was initiated at Luton to accommodate as many as 5 million passengers per year , although the airport experienced a reduction in passenger numbers in the 1980s . In 1990 , the airport was renamed London Luton Airport to re-emphasise the airport 's proximity to the capital . The arrival of new operators at Luton during 1990s , such as charter operator MyTravel Group and new low-cost scheduled flights from Debonair and EasyJet , contributed to a rapid increase in passenger numbers that made it the fastest growing major airport in the UK . In August 1997 , to fund an £80 million extension of the airport , a 30-year concession contract was issued to a public-private partnership consortium , London Luton Airport Operations Limited . Throughout the 1990s , £30 million was invested in Luton 's infrastructure and facilities . In November 1999 , a new £40 million terminal was opened by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip ; the new building houses 60 check-in desks , baggage and flight information systems and a range of commercial outlets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florence_Masnada", "text": "Florence Masnada ( born 16 December 1968 in Vizille ) is a retired French alpine skier , who won two bronze Olympic medals . She is the only French woman who have won the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup , in 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandusky,_Ohio", "text": "Sandusky /sænˈdʌskiː/ is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Erie County . Situated in northern Ohio on the shores of Lake Erie , Sandusky is midway between Toledo to the west and Cleveland to the east . According to 2010 census , the city had a population of 25,793 , and the Sandusky , Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area had 77,079 residents . In 2011 , Sandusky was ranked No . 1 by Forbes as the Best Place to Live Cheaply in the United States . The city has a median family income of $ 64,000 . Sandusky is home to the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company and its flagship amusement park , Cedar Point . Cedar Point has one of the largest collections of roller coasters in the world and is widely regarded as one of the best amusement parks . Cedar Point includes 17 roller coasters . The National Arbor Day Foundation has designated Sandusky as a Tree City USA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBBX-FM", "text": "CBBX-FM is a Canadian radio station . It broadcasts the Société Radio-Canada 's Ici Musique network at 90.9 FM in Sudbury , Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guerra_de_Titanes_(2011)", "text": "Guerra de Titanes ( Spanish for War of the Titans ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by the AAA promotion , which took place on December 16 , 2011 , at Estadio Hermanos Serdán in Puebla , Puebla , Mexico . The event was the fifteenth Guerra de Titanes end of the year show promoted by AAA since 1997 . The event included appearances by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) wrestlers A.J . Styles , D'Angelo Dinero , Gunner and Rob Terry as part of the ongoing storyline invasion of wrestlers from the American promotion . The pay-per-view was headlined by a match for the AAA Latin American Championship , between champion Dr. Wagner Jr. and challenger L.A. Park . The conclusion of the match led to the AAA debuts of Máscara Año 2000 Jr. , El Texano Jr. and Toscano , starting a new storyline , where the three posed as invaders from rival promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defender_(football)", "text": "In the sport of association football , a defender is an outfield player whose primary roles is to stop attacks during the game and prevent the opposing team from scoring goals . Centre backs are usually are in pairs , with 2 full-backs to their left and right , but can come in threes with no full backs There are four types of defenders : centre-back , sweeper , full-back , and wing-back . The centre-back and full-back positions are essential in most modern formations . The sweeper and wing-back roles are more specialized for certain formations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WSTM-TV", "text": "WSTM-TV , virtual channel 3 ( UHF digital channel 19 ) , is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Syracuse , New York , United States . Owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group , it is a sister station to low-powered CW affiliate WSTQ-LP ( analog channel 14 , which WSTM simulcasts on its second digital subchannel ) ; Sinclair also operates CBS affiliate WTVH ( channel 5 ) through joint sales and shared services agreements ( JSA/SSA ) with owner Granite Broadcasting . The three stations share studios on James Street/NY 290 in the Near Northeast section of Syracuse ; WSTM 's transmitter is located in the town of Onondaga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linguère_Airport", "text": "Linguère Airport ( ICAO : GOOG ) is an airport serving the city of Linguère in Senegal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mons_Ampère", "text": "Montes Apenninus are a rugged mountain range on the northern part of the Moon 's near side . They are named after the Apennine Mountains in Italy . With their formation dating back about 3.9 billion years , Montes Apenninus are still relatively young ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarah_Cloyce", "text": "Sarah Cloyce ( later Cloyes ) ( née Towne ) ( bap . 3 September 1648 - 1703 ) was accused of witchcraft but never indicted by a grand jury in the Salem Witch Trials"}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Germany_at_the_1976_Winter_Olympics", "text": "West Germany ( Federal Republic of Germany ) competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/E219", "text": "Sodium methylparaben ( sodium methyl para-hydroxybenzoate ) is a compound with formula Na ( CH3 ( C6H4COO ) O ) . It is the sodium salt of methylparaben . It is a food additive with the E number E219 which is used as a preservative ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Radoslav_Kirilov", "text": "Radoslav Kirilov ( ; born 29 June 1992 ) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Slavia Sofia . Kirilov was signed by Serie A club ChievoVerona from Rimini in 2010 , but was unable to break into the first team and spent time on loan with Lumezzane , Carpi , Venezia , Cremonese , Südtirol , Beroe and Pirin Blagoevgrad , before joining Vis Pesaro permanently after his release by Chievo in June 2018 . He then joined Slavia Sofia in January 2019 . After representing Bulgaria at under-19 and under-21 levels , Kirilov made his senior international debut against Belarus in November 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Zealand", "text": "New Zealand ( Māori : Aotearoa [ aɔˈtɛaɾɔa ] ) is a sovereign island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country has two main landmasses - the North Island ( Te Ika-a-Māui ) , and the South Island ( Te Waipounamu ) - and around 600 smaller islands . It has a total land area of 268,000 square kilometres ( 103,500 sq mi ) . New Zealand is about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,200 mi ) east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and 1,000 kilometres ( 600 mi ) south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal , and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , and its most populous city is Auckland . Sometime between 1250 and 1300 , Polynesians settled in the islands and developed a distinctive Māori culture . In 1642 , Dutch explorer Abel Tasman became the first European to sight New Zealand . In 1840 , representatives of the United Kingdom and Māori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waitangi , which declared British sovereignty over the islands . In 1841 , New Zealand became a colony within the British Empire and in 1907 it became a dominion ; it gained full statutory independence in 1947 and the British monarch remained the head of state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mississauga", "text": "Mississauga /ˌmɪsɪˈsɔːɡə/ ( listen ) is a city in the Canadian province of Ontario and a suburb of Toronto . It is situated on the shores of Lake Ontario in the Regional Municipality of Peel , bordering Toronto . With a population of 721,599 as of the 2016 census , Mississauga is the sixth-most populous municipality in Canada , third-most in Ontario , and second-most in the Greater Toronto Area . The growth of Mississauga is attributed to its proximity to Toronto . During the latter half of the 20th century , the city attracted a multicultural population and built up a thriving central business district . It is home to Toronto Pearson International Airport , Canada 's busiest airport , as well as the headquarters of many Canadian and multinational corporations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harlem", "text": "Harlem is a neighborhood in the northern section of the New York City borough of Manhattan . It is bounded roughly by Frederick Douglass Boulevard , St. Nicholas Avenue , and Morningside Park on the west ; the Harlem River and 155th Street on the north ; Fifth Avenue on the east ; and Central Park North on the south . The greater Harlem area encompasses several other neighborhoods and extends west to the Hudson River , north to 155th Street , east to the East River , and south to 96th Street . Originally a Dutch village , formally organized in 1658 , it is named after the city of Haarlem in the Netherlands . Harlem 's history has been defined by a series of economic boom-and-bust cycles , with significant population shifts accompanying each cycle . Harlem was predominantly occupied by Jewish and Italian Americans in the 19th century , but African-American residents began to arrive in large numbers during the Great Migration in the 20th century . In the 1920s and 1930s , Central and West Harlem were the focus of the Harlem Renaissance , a major African-American cultural movement . With job losses during the Great Depression of the 1930s and the deindustrialization of New York City after World War II , rates of crime and poverty increased significantly . In the 21st century , crime rates decreased significantly , and Harlem started to gentrify . Harlem is part of Manhattan Community District 10 . It is patrolled by the 28th and 32nd Precincts of the New York City Police Department . The greater Harlem area also includes Manhattan Community Districts 9 and 11 , and several additional police precincts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cao_Lãnh_City", "text": "Cao Lãnh ( Vietnamese : [ kaːw˧ lajŋ̟˧˨˧ ] ( listen ) ) is the capital city of Đồng Tháp Province , Vietnam . It is located at around 10°28′2″N 105°37′49″E / 10.46722°N 105.63028°E / 10.46722 ; 105.63028 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poreč", "text": "Poreč ( Latin : Parens or Parentium ; Italian : Parenzo ; Ancient Greek : Πάρενθος , romanized : Párenthos ) is a town and municipality on the western coast of the Istrian peninsula , in Istria County , Croatia . Its major landmark is the 6th-century Euphrasian Basilica , which was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997 . The town is almost 2,000 years old , and is set around a harbour protected from the sea by the small island of Sveti Nikola/San Nicola ( Saint Nicholas ) . Its population of approximately 12,000 resides mostly on the outskirts , while the wider Poreč area has a population of approximately 17,000 inhabitants . The municipal area covers 142 square kilometres ( 55 sq mi ) , with the 37 kilometres ( 23 miles ) long shoreline stretching from the Mirna River near Novigrad ( Cittanova ) to Funtana and Vrsar ( Orsera ) in the south . Ever since the 1970s , the coast of Poreč and neighboring Rovinj has been the most visited tourist destination in Croatia . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Leeds_Bradford_International_Airport", "text": "Leeds Bradford Airport ( IATA : LBA , ICAO : EGNM ) is located in Yeadon , in the City of Leeds Metropolitan District in West Yorkshire , England , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) northwest of Leeds city centre , and about 9 miles ( 14 km ) from Bradford city centre . It serves Leeds and Bradford and the wider Yorkshire region including York and Wakefield , and Harrogate , and is the largest airport in Yorkshire . The airport was in public ownership until May 2007 , when it was bought by Bridgepoint Capital for £145.5 million . Bridgepoint sold it in 2017 to AMP Capital . Leeds Bradford opened on 17 October 1931 when it was known as Leeds and Bradford Municipal Aerodrome or Yeadon Aerodrome ; locals still refer to it as Yeadon Airport . Largely used for general aviation and training purposes early on , the first scheduled flights commenced on 8 April 1935 . To accommodate passenger traffic , work commenced on the first terminal in the late 1930s , although only the first wing was completed before the Second World War . British aircraft manufacturer Avro constructed a shadow factory to the north of the aerodrome in the largest free-standing structure in Europe at that time . Avro produced around 5,515 aircraft before it closed in December 1946 and civil flights recommenced the following year . In 1965 , a new runway opened . After Yeadon 's terminal was destroyed in a fire , a replacement was completed in 1968 . In the early 1980s , runway extensions were completed that enabled it to be classified as a regional airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cypress_(former_Manitoba_provincial_electoral_district)", "text": "Cypress is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba , Canada . It was located in the south of the province . Cypress was created for the 1886 provincial election , and abolished with the 1969 election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean_Bruce", "text": "Jean Bruce ( 22 March 1921 - 26 March 1963 ) , born Jean Brochet , was a prolific French popular writer . He also wrote under the pseudonyms of Jean Alexandre , Jean Alexandre Brochet , Jean-Martin Rouan , and Joyce Lindsay . He died in a car accident in 1963 at the age of 42 . He is particularly known for the adventures of secret agent Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath , aka OSS 117 , of which many novels were adapted for the screen in the 1960s . Bruce 's first OSS 117 novel appeared in 1949 . He wrote prolifically with 91 OSS 117 novels and many others before his death in a Jaguar sports car crash . Though the first OSS 117 Is Not Dead film with Ivan Desny in the lead was already made in 1957 , a popular series of several OSS 117 films started no earlier than in 1963 , following the French release of Dr. No with Kerwin Mathews in two , director André Hunebelle 's discovery Frederick Stafford in two more , John Gavin in one ( replacing Stafford who was starring in Alfred Hitchcock 's Topaz , then with Luc Merenda and Alan Scott in two in the 1970s that were French made for TV films . In 2006 the action spoof OSS 117 : Cairo , Nest of Spies starring Jean Dujardin as OSS 117 became a surprise international hit . After his death , his wife Josette Bruce ( who died in 1996 ) continued to write 143 new titles for the OSS 117 character beginning in 1966 until her death . After her death their son and daughter François and Martine Bruce wrote 24 books up until 1992 . Films of some of Bruce 's other books such as Le vicomte règle ses comptes ( The Viscount ) with Kerwin Mathews and Cinq Gars pour Singapour ( Five Ashore in Singapore ) with Sean Flynn were made . Jean-Paul Belmondo played both a Jean Bruce type writer and his OSS 117 type creation in Philippe de Broca 's Le Magnifique ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richmond,_Virginia", "text": "Richmond ( /ˈrɪtʃmənd/ ) is the capital city of the Commonwealth of Virginia . It is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) and the Greater Richmond Region . Richmond was incorporated in 1742 and has been an independent city since 1871 . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 204,214 ; in 2018 , the population was estimated to be 228,783 , making Richmond the fourth-most populous city in Virginia . The Richmond Metropolitan Area has a population of 1,260,029 , the third-most populous metro in the state . Richmond is at the fall line of the James River , 44 miles ( 71 km ) west of Williamsburg , 66 miles ( 106 km ) east of Charlottesville , 91 miles ( 146 km ) east of Lynchburg and 92 miles ( 148 km ) south of Washington , D.C . Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties , the city is at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64 and encircled by Interstate 295 , Virginia State Route 150 and Virginia State Route 288 . Major suburbs include Midlothian to the southwest , Chesterfield to the south , Varina to the southeast , Sandston to the east , Glen Allen to the north and west , Short Pump to the west and Mechanicsville to the northeast . The site of Richmond had been an important village of the Powhatan Confederacy , and was briefly settled by English colonists from Jamestown from 1609 to 1611 . The present city of Richmond was founded in 1737 . It became the capital of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia in 1780 , replacing Williamsburg . During the Revolutionary War period , several notable events occurred in the city , including Patrick Henry 's Give me liberty or give me death speech in 1775 at St. John 's Church , and the passage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom written by Thomas Jefferson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orion_Mall", "text": "Orion Mall is a shopping mall at Brigade Gateway Enclave in Bangalore , Karnataka , India developed by Brigade Group ( Developer ) . The mall with a total shopping area of 1 million sq.ft . is the 3rd largest in Bangalore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wayne_Chrebet", "text": "Wayne Chrebet ( born August 14 , 1973 ) is a former American football wide receiver who played 11 seasons for the New York Jets of the National Football League from 1995 to 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Hoak", "text": "Richard John Hoak ( born December 8 , 1939 ) is an American former football player and coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college for Penn State , and was selected by the Steelers in the seventh round of the 1961 NFL Draft . He was a running back for the Steelers from 1961 to 1970 , and then became the longest tenured coach in the team 's history , from 1972 to 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_Hearts_358/2_Days", "text": "Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days [ a ] ( subtitle read as Three Five Eight Days Over Two ) is an action role-playing video game developed by h.a.n.d . and Square Enix for the Nintendo DS . It is the fifth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , and takes place near the end of the first game , continuing parallel to Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories . The game was released worldwide in 2009 . The story is told from the perspective of Roxas , following his daily life within Organization XIII and his relationship with fellow Organization member Axel ; it also introduces a fourteenth member , Xion , who becomes friends with the former two . Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days was directed by Tetsuya Nomura and Tomohiro Hasegawa . Nomura decided to develop a game for the Nintendo DS , and once a system had been chosen , decided upon Roxas as the protagonist . The development team wanted to use gameplay similar to previous Kingdom Hearts games but could not due to the insufficient number of buttons the DS had . Following its release , Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days received generally positive response by critics , with praise directed at the gameplay and graphics , and criticisms directed towards its storyline . A soundtrack , various light novels , and a manga series based on the game were released in Japan . The game was dedicated to Wayne Allwine , the long time English voice of Mickey Mouse . Allwine died on May 18 2009 , 12 days before the game 's release in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Cardiff", "text": "Cardiff University ( Welsh : Prifysgol Caerdydd ) is a public research university in Cardiff , Wales . Founded in 1883 as the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire , it became a founding college of the University of Wales in 1893 , and in 1997 received its own degree-awarding powers , although it held them in abeyance . It merged with the University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology ( UWIST ) in 1988 . The college adopted the public name of Cardiff University in 1999 ; in 2005 this became its legal name , as an independent university awarding its own degrees . The third oldest university institution in Wales , it contains three colleges : Arts , Humanities and Social Sciences ; Biomedical and Life Sciences ; and Physical Sciences and Engineering . Cardiff is the only Welsh member of the Russell Group of research-intensive British universities . It is recognised as providing high-quality , research-based university education , and placed between 100th and 200th in the world by the four major international rankings , and in the top 40 in all three UK achievement tables . It ranked 5th in the UK among multi-faculty institutions for the quality ( GPA ) of its research and 17th for its Research Power in the 2014 Research Excellence Framework . For 2018-2019 , Cardiff had a turnover of £537.1 million , including £116.0 million in research grants and contracts . The university has an undergraduate enrolment of 23,085 and a total enrolment of 31,595 ( according to HESA data for 2016/17 ) making it one of the ten largest universities in the UK . The Cardiff University Students ' Union works to promote the interests of the student body within the University and further afield . The university 's sports teams compete in the British Universities and Colleges Sport ( BUCS ) leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Un_Zombie_a_la_Intemperie", "text": "Un Zombie a la Intemperie ( A Zombie at the Outdoor ) is a song by Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz . Zombie was written by Sanz and produced by the Sebastian Krys , and was released as the lead single for Sanz 's eleventh studio album Sirope ( 2015 ) . A salsa version was recorded with Nicaraguan singer Luis Enrique . There is also a version with the Italian singer-songwriter Zucchero . The Spanish charts are listed twice because there are two different charts one includes streaming and the other does not . The song earned a nominations for Record of the Year and Song of the Year at the 16th Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota_State_Highway_4", "text": "Minnesota State Highway 4 ( MN 4 ) is a 167.136-mile-long ( 268.979 km ) highway in southwest and west-central Minnesota , which runs from Iowa Highway 4 at the Iowa state line ( near Dunnell , MN and Estherville , IA ) , and continues north to its northern terminus at its interchange with Interstate Highway 94 near Sauk Centre and Melrose ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_1992_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Boxing at the 1992 Summer Olympics took place in the old Pavelló Club Joventut Badalona in Barcelona . The boxing schedule began on 26 July and ended on 9 August . Twelve boxing events ( all men 's individual ) were contested , with the participation of 336 athletes from 78 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meuse_River", "text": "The Meuse ( /mjuːz , mɜːz/ MYOOZ , also US : /mɜːrz , mʌz/ MU ( R ) Z , French : [ møz ] ; Walloon : Moûze [ muːs ] ) or Maas ( /mɑːs/ MAHSS , Dutch : [ maːs ] ; Limburgish : Maos [ mɒˑs ] or Maas ) is a major European river , rising in France and flowing through Belgium and the Netherlands before draining into the North Sea from the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta . It has a total length of 925 km ( 575 miles ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belinda_(entertainer)", "text": "Belinda Peregrín Schüll ( born 1989 ) , commonly known as Belinda , is a Spanish singer , songwriter and actress . In 2000 , she started her career as a child actor at the age of 10 when she was cast as the lead role in the Mexican children 's telenovela Amigos x siempre . She later appeared in Aventuras en el tiempo ( 2001 ) and Cómplices Al Rescate ( 2002 ) . Her self-titled debut studio album Belinda ( 2003 ) , was a commercial success , selling over 1,1 million copies worldwide . The album spawned many successful singles , including her debut hit single Lo Siento and Vivir , the main theme of the 2004 telenovela Corazones al límite . Following her departure from Sony BMG and management in 2005 , Belinda 's second album Utopía ( 2006 ) earned her two Latin Grammy Awards nominations and was certified platinum in Mexico . It contained the top-ten singles Ni Freud ni tu mamá , Bella Traición and Luz Sin Gravedad . Belinda has also appeared in motion pictures , including the Disney Channel Original Movie The Cheetah Girls 2 ( 2006 ) , and has dubbed voice roles for The Tale of Despereaux ( 2008 ) and Las aventuras de Tadeo Jones ( 2012 ) . Her return to Mexican telenovelas in Camaleones ( 2009 ) and the TV series Mujeres asesinas 3 ( 2010 ) , inspired her subsequent third album Carpe Diem ( 2010 ) , which spawned the hit single Egoísta . Her fourth album Catarsis ( 2013 ) , debuted at number-one in her native Mexico , and was preceded by the hit singles En El Amor Hay Que Perdonar and En La Obscuridad . In 2017 , Belinda was an extra on the film Baywatch , starring Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron . Together , her four studio albums , singles and soundtracks has sold over 3 million copies making her the third best-selling female Mexican act ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northam_Platinum", "text": "Northam Platinum is an independent integrated PGM producer listed on the JSE . The primary operations are centered on their two wholly owned mines , Zondereinde and Booysendal , and the additional metallurgical operations at Zondereinde including a smelter and base metals removal plant . Northams three main products mined are platinum , palladium and rhodium and are consumed by industries such as the motor manufacturing , jewellery and other industrial sectors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morelos", "text": "Morelos ( Spanish pronunciation : [ moˈɾelos ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Free and Sovereign State of Morelos ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de Morelos ) , is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico . It is divided into 36 municipalities and its capital city is Cuernavaca . Morelos is a landlocked state located in South-Central Mexico . It is bordered by the states of México to the north-east and north-west , Puebla to the east , and Guerrero to the southwest . Mexico City is situated north of Morelos . Morelos is the second-smallest state in the nation , just after Tlaxcala . It was part of the very large province , then State of Mexico until 1869 , when Benito Juárez decreed that its territory would be separated and named in honor of José María Morelos y Pavón , who defended the city of Cuautla from royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence . Most of the state enjoys a warm climate year-round , which is good for the raising of sugar cane and other crops . Morelos has attracted visitors from the Valley of Mexico since Aztec times . The state is also known for the Chinelos , a type of costumed dancer that appears at festivals , especially Carnival , which is celebrated in a number of communities in the state . It is also home to the Monasteries on the slopes of Popocatépetl , a designated World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Namangan_Airport", "text": "International Airport Namangan ( IATA : NMA , ICAO : UTFN ) is an airport in Namangan , Uzbekistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thai_baht", "text": "Baht ( ; , ; sign : ฿ ; code : THB ) is the official currency of Thailand . It is subdivided into 100 satang ( , ) . The issuance of currency is the responsibility of the Bank of Thailand . According to Bloomberg , Thai Baht was the worlds best performing currency in 2018 . According to SWIFT , as of January 2019 , the Thai baht is ranked as the 10th most frequently used world payment currency . According to a report in the South China Morning Post , the China Banknote Printing and Minting Corporation produces at least some Thai banknotes and coins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/R.A.E.C._Mons", "text": "R.A.E.C . Mons was a Belgian football club based in Mons , Belgium , The team was promoted to the Belgian Jupiler League at the conclusion of the 2010-11 season re-joining the Top Belgian League after two years in the Belgian 2nd Division ( Exqi League ) . The team was relegated at the end of the 2013-2014 season , having finished last in the league . Dutch speakers tend to refer to the team as Bergen , the Dutch name for Mons . The club declared bankruptcy on 16 February 2015 . On 18 May 2015 it was announced that Royale Union Sportive Genly-Quévy would take over the ground and be renamed Royal Albert Quévy-Mons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duluth,_Minnesota", "text": "Duluth /dəˈluːθ/ ( listen ) is a major port city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and the county seat of Saint Louis County . Duluth has a population of 85,884 and is the 4th largest city in Minnesota . It is the 2nd largest city on Lake Superior , after Thunder Bay , Ontario . It has the largest metropolitan area on the lake , with a population of 279,771 in 2010 , the second-largest in the state . Situated on the north shore of Lake Superior at the westernmost point of the Great Lakes , Duluth is accessible to oceangoing vessels from the Atlantic Ocean 2,300 miles ( 3,700 km ) away via the Great Lakes Waterway and the Saint Lawrence Seaway . Duluth forms a metropolitan area with neighboring Superior , Wisconsin ; together they are called the Twin Ports . The cities share the Duluth-Superior harbor and together are the Great Lakes ' largest port , transporting coal , iron ore ( taconite ) , and grain . A tourist destination for the Midwest , Duluth features the United States ' only all-freshwater aquarium , the Great Lakes Aquarium ; the Aerial Lift Bridge , which spans the Duluth Ship Canal into the Duluth-Superior Harbor ; and Minnesota Point ( known locally as Park Point ) , the world 's longest freshwater baymouth bar , spanning 6 miles ( 10 km ) . The city is also the starting point for vehicle trips along Minnesota 's North Shore . The city is named for Daniel Greysolon , Sieur du Lhut , the first known European explorer of the area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daisy_Duck", "text": "Daisy Duck is a cartoon character created in 1940 by Walt Disney Studios as the girlfriend of Donald Duck . Daisy is an anthropomorphic white duck , but has large eyelashes and ruffled tail feathers to suggest a skirt . She is often seen wearing a hair bow , blouse , and heeled shoes . Daisy usually shows a strong affinity towards Donald , although she is often characterized as being more sophisticated than him , going on dates with Gladstone Gander when she becomes frustrated with Donald 's immaturity . Daisy was introduced in the short film Mr . Duck Steps Out ( 1940 ) and was incorporated into Donald 's comic stories several months later . She appeared in 11 short films between 1940 and 1954 , and far later in Mickey 's Christmas Carol ( 1983 ) and Fantasia 2000 ( 1999 ) . In these roles , Daisy was always a supporting character , with the exception of Donald 's Dilemma ( 1947 ) . Daisy has received considerably more screen time in television , making regular appearances in Quack Pack ( 1996 ) , Mickey Mouse Works ( 1999-2000 ) , Disney 's House of Mouse ( 2001-2003 ) , Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ( 2006-2016 ) , Mickey Mouse ( 2013-present ) , and Mickey and the Roadster Racers ( 2017-present ) . Daisy has also appeared in several direct-to-video films such as Mickey 's Once Upon a Christmas ( 1999 ) , The Three Musketeers ( 2004 ) , and Mickey 's Twice Upon a Christmas ( 2004 ) . Daisy is the aunt of April , May , and June , three young girl ducks who bear resemblance to Huey , Dewey , and Louie . Daisy is a close friend of Clarabelle Cow and Clara Cluck in the comics and Minnie Mouse 's best friend ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Víctor_Balta", "text": "Víctor Julio Rodolfo Balta Mori ( born 3 January 1986 ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back for Sport Huancayo in the Peruvian Primera División . Balta began his playing career in 2006 with Universitario de Deportes where he won two championships with the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ralph_H._Kohlmann", "text": "Ralph H. Kohlmann is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Marine Corps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magapit_Suspension_Bridge", "text": "The Magapit Bridge is suspension bridge that opened in 1978 to connect the east and west sides of the Cagayan River in the province of Cagayan . It is located in Magapit , Lal-lo , Cagayan , Philippines . The bridge was also named by the locals as the Golden Gate of Cagayan . This bridge is one of the only two bridges in the province that runs across the mighty waterway of the Cagayan River . [ citation needed ] The late Engr . Angel G. Villanueva was the project engineer of Magapit suspension bridge under IWCDC ( owned by the Dys ) and Japanese consultants . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_the_West_Indies", "text": "The University of the West Indies ( UWI ) , originally University College of the West Indies , is a public university system established to serve the higher education needs of the residents of 17 English-speaking countries and territories in the Caribbean : Anguilla , Antigua and Barbuda , The Bahamas , Barbados , Belize , Bermuda , British Virgin Islands , Cayman Islands , Dominica , Grenada , Jamaica , Montserrat , St. Kitts and Nevis , St. Lucia , St. Vincent and the Grenadines , Trinidad and Tobago , and Turks and Caicos Islands . Each country is either a member of the Commonwealth of Nations or a British Overseas Territory . The aim of the university is to help 'unlock the potential for economic and cultural growth ' in the West Indies , thus allowing improved regional autonomy . The University was originally instituted as an independent external college of the University of London . The University has produced students who have excelled in a number of disciplines such as the arts and sciences , business , politics , and sports . Notable alumni and faculty include three Nobel Laureates , 72 Rhodes Scholars , 3 Gates Cambridge Scholarship winners , 1 Emmy award winner , 1 Man Booker Prize winner , 1 American Book Awards winner , 18 current or former Caribbean Heads of Government , an Olympic medallist and other award winners . The university 's cricket team previously participated in West Indian domestic cricket , but now participates as part of a Combined Campuses and Colleges team . The UWI campus in Mona , Jamaica serves as the headquarters of the UWI system . Aside from UWI Mona , it has four ( 4 ) major university centers : UWI Cave Hill ( Barbados ) , UWI St. Augustine ( Trinidad and Tobago ) , UWI Five Islands ( Antigua and Barbuda ) , and the regional UWI Open Campus that is scattered among UWI-funding Caribbean nations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jodeyne_Higgins", "text": "Jodeyne Higgins ( born September 26 , 1974 ) is a Canadian pair skater who also competed in the fours discipline . With Sean Rice , she is a two-time ( 1993 , 1995 ) Canadian pairs bronze medallist and four-time ( 1993-1996 ) Canadian fours champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Kentucky_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Kentucky Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Kentucky in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Mattie Barker of Louisville was crowned Miss Kentucky Teen USA 2020 on February 1 , 2020 at The Center for Rural Development in Somerset . She will represent Kentucky for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Voice_actress", "text": "Voice acting is the art of performing voice-overs or providing voices to represent a character or to provide information to an audience or user . Examples include animated , off-stage , off-screen or non-visible characters in various works , including feature films , dubbed foreign language films , animated short films , television programs , commercials , radio or audio dramas , comedy , video games , puppet shows , amusement rides , audiobooks and documentaries . Voice acting is also done for small handheld audio games . Performers are called voice actors or actresses , voice artists or voice talent . Their roles may also involve singing , although a second voice actor is sometimes cast as the character 's singing voice . Voice acting is recognised in Britain as a specialized dramatic profession , chiefly owing to the BBC 's long tradition of radio drama . Voice artists are also used to record the individual sample fragments played back by a computer in an automated announcement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ray_Ramsey", "text": "Rocket Raymond LeRoy Ramsey ( July 18 , 1921 - August 25 , 2009 ) was a professional American football player who played defensive back for the Chicago Cardinals ( 1950-1953 ) . He remains the Cardinals all-time record holder for interception return yardage in a single season with 237 which he set in the 1953 season . He also played in the All-America Football Conference and in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union , a forerunner of the Canadian Football League . In addition , Ramsey had a brief professional basketball career , playing two games for the Baltimore Bullets during the 1948-49 BAA season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauget,_Illinois", "text": "Sauget ( /sɔːˈʒeɪ/ saw-ZHAY ) is a village in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States . It is part of Greater St. Louis . The population was 159 at the 2010 census , down from 249 in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_characters_from_The_Sopranos_in_the_Soprano_crime_family", "text": "The following is a listing of fictional characters from the HBO television series The Sopranos , the video game Road to Respect , and its film prequel The Many Saints of Newark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_Jepkosgei_Keitany", "text": "Mary Jepkosgei Keitany ( born 18 January 1982 ) is a Kenyan long distance runner . She is the world record holder in a women-only marathon , having won the 2017 London Marathon in a time of 2:17:01 . As of November 2019 , she sits third all-time at both the marathon and half marathon . Her former half marathon best of 1:05:50 ( 2011 ) lived three years as the women 's world record . She also has held the world record at 10 miles ( 50:05 minutes ) , 20 kilometres ( 1:02:36 ) , and 25 kilometres ( 1:19:53 ) , all of which were set in road races . In August 2018 she was honored by the Shoe4Africa foundation who funded and built the Mary Keitany Shoe4Africa school in Torokwonin , Baringo County , Kenya . She and her husband Charles sit on the Shoe4Africa school board ."}
{"title": "/wiki/O_Tú_o_Ninguna", "text": "O Tú o Ninguna ( English : Or You or Nobody ) is a song written by Juan Carlos Calderón and produced and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel . The song is a bolero in which the protagonist can not envision his life without anyone else besides his love interest . It was released as the second single from the album Amarte Es un Placer on 6 September 1999 . The track reached the top of the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in the United States and peaked at number seven on the Brazilian Singles Chart . O Tú o Ninguna received positive reviews from music critics who praised Miguel 's delivery . It received a Latin Grammy nomination for Song of the Year in 2000 . Calderón received an ASCAP Latin Award for the song in the same year . A music video for the track was filmed in San Francisco , California and directed by Rebecca Blake . In the video , Miguel searches for his love interest amidst a large crowd in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddy_Current_Suppression_Ring", "text": "Eddy Current Suppression Ring are an Australian rock band formed in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Second_Empire_architecture", "text": "The Napoleon III style , also known as the Second Empire style , was a highly eclectic style of architecture and decorative arts , which used elements of many different historical styles , and also made innovative use of modern materials , such as iron frameworks and glass skylights . It flourished during the reign of Emperor Napoleon III in France ( 1852-1871 ) and had an important influence on architecture and decoration in the rest of Europe and the United States . Major examples of the style include the Opéra Garnier ( 1862-1871 ) in Paris by Charles Garnier , the Bibliothèque nationale de France , and the Church of Saint Augustine ( 1860-1871 ) . The architectural style was closely connected with Haussmann 's renovation of Paris carried out during the Second Empire ; the new buildings , such as the opera , were intended as the focal points of the new boulevards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._429_Squadron_RCAF", "text": "429 Transport Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force is one of four squadrons attached to CFB Trenton in Trenton , Ontario . The squadron was originally formed as a bomber squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) attached to RAF Bomber Command during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sailing_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics", "text": "Sailing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London was held from August in Weymouth and Portland . XYZ competitors representing XYZ countries will compete in three keelboat classes - the 2.4mR , the SKUD 18 , and the Sonar , took part in sailing in the 2008 Summer Paralympics . Competitors had a wide range of physical disabilities including degenerative nerve disease , blindness , missing limbs and polio . Boats were prepared and launched from the docks of the Weymouth and Portland Sailing Academy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/César_Hernández_Alfonzo", "text": "César Hernández Alfonzo ( born July 27 , 1977 ) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) . He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 15 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stewart_Grand_Prix", "text": "Stewart Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor and racing team founded by triple Formula One champion Jackie Stewart and his son Paul Stewart in 1996 . The team competed in F1 , as the Ford works-supported team , for only three seasons , from 1997 to 1999 . The 1999 season was by far its strongest , yielding one win ( Johnny Herbert at the European Grand Prix ) and one pole position ( Rubens Barrichello at the French Grand Prix ) en route to finishing fourth overall in the Constructors Championship . At the end of 1999 , Ford bought the team outright and it was renamed Jaguar Racing . In 2004 Jaguar Racing was sold to energy drink company Red Bull GmbH and was rebranded Red Bull Racing in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1948_San_Francisco_49ers_season", "text": "The 1948 AAFC season 49ers began their third season in the AAFC , hoping to improve upon their 8-4-2 output from the previous season . They began the season 10-0 , and finished 12-2 , both losses coming to eventual season champions , the Cleveland Browns . The 49ers ' offense was historically prolific : they scored 495 points in 1948 ( averaging over 35 points per game ) , which was more than 100 points more than the next best output ( 389 points by the Browns ) . Despite their 12-2 record , the 49ers did not qualify for the playoffs , due to the Browns 14-0 record . The 1948 49ers had a record-setting rushing attack : the team rushed for a staggering 3,653 yards in only fourteen games , a professional football record that still stands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rosehall", "text": "Rosehall is a remote hamlet near the confluence of the River Cassley and the River Oykel , 1 mile northwest of Altass , in Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland . It is the site of the main road bridge over the Cassley , which is just downstream from the spectacular Achness Waterfall , commonly known simply as the Cassley Falls . There is a hotel which caters mostly to visitors fishing for salmon in the two rivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bridgwater_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Bridgwater was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , until 2010 when it was replaced by the Bridgwater and West Somerset constituency . It elected one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S.D._Burman", "text": "Sachin Dev Burman ( 1 October 1906 - 31 October 1975 ) was an Indian music director and singer . A member of the Tripura royal family , he started his career with Bengali films in 1937 . Later he began composing for Hindi movies , and became one of the most successful and influential Bollywood film music composers . S D Burman composed music for over 100 movies , including Hindi and Bengali films . Apart from being a versatile composer , he also sang songs in light semi-classical and folk style of Bengal . His son Rahul Dev Burman was also a celebrated music composer for Bollywood films . S.D . Burman 's compositions have been sung by leading singers of the period including Lata Mangeshkar , Mohammed Rafi , Geeta Dutt , Manna Dey , Kishore Kumar , Hemant Kumar , Asha Bhosle and Shamshad Begum . Mukesh and Talat Mahmood have also sung songs composed by him . He has himself sung about 14 Hindi and 13 Bengali film songs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coleraine", "text": "Coleraine ( /koʊlˈreɪn/ ; from Irish Cúil Rathain , meaning 'nook of the ferns ' [ kuːlʲ ˈɾˠahɪnʲ ] ) is a town and civil parish near the mouth of the River Bann in County Londonderry , Northern Ireland . It is 55 miles ( 88.5 km ) northwest of Belfast and 30 miles ( 48.3 km ) east of Derry , both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections . It is part of Causeway Coast and Glens district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midwestern_State_University", "text": "Midwestern State University ( also known as MSU Texas ) is a public university in Wichita Falls , Texas . In 2015 , it had over 6,000 students . Midwestern is one of four independent public universities in Texas unaffiliated with a state public university system . It is the state 's only public institution focused on the liberal arts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Three_Wonders", "text": "Three Wonders , known in Japan as Wonder 3 ( ワンダー3 ) is an arcade game made by Capcom in 1991 using the Capcom Play System ( CPS1 ) platform . It was ported in 1998 to the Sega Saturn and PlayStation . Capcom rereleased this collection of games in 2006 onto Capcom Classics Collection Vol . 2 on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox and Capcom Classics Collection Remixed on the PSP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Ten_Conference", "text": "The Big Ten Conference ( stylized B1G , formerly the Western Conference and the Big Nine Conference ) is the oldest Division I collegiate athletic conference in the United States . It is based in Rosemont , Illinois . For decades the conference consisted of 10 universities , while the present conference has 14 member institutions . They compete in the NCAA Division I ; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A , the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport . The conference includes the flagship public university in each of 11 states stretching from New Jersey to Nebraska , as well as two additional public land-grant schools and a private university . The Big Ten Conference was established in 1895 when Purdue University president James H. Smart and representatives from the University of Chicago , University of Illinois , University of Michigan , University of Minnesota , Northwestern University , and University of Wisconsin gathered at Chicago 's Palmer House Hotel to set policies aimed at regulating intercollegiate athletics . In 1899 , Indiana University and the University of Iowa joined the conference to increase the membership to nine schools . In 1905 , the conference was officially incorporated as the Intercollegiate Conference of Faculty Representatives . The conference is one of the nation 's oldest , predating the founding of the NCAA by a decade , and was one of the first collegiate conferences to sponsor men 's basketball . Big Ten member institutions are major research universities with large financial endowments and strong academic reputations . All institutions except full member University of Nebraska and associate member Notre Dame are members of the Association of American Universities . Large student enrollment is a hallmark of Big Ten Universities , as 12 of the 14 members feature enrollments of 30,000 or more students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myx_Music_Awards_2010", "text": "The Myx Music Awards for 2010 comprised nineteen categories of favorite and two special awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix,_Arizona", "text": "Phoenix is the capital and most populous city in Arizona , with 1,660,272 people ( as of 2018 [ update ] ) . It is also the fifth most populous city in the United States , and the only state capital with a population of more than one million residents . Phoenix is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area , also known as the Valley of the Sun , which in turn is part of the Salt River Valley . The metropolitan area is the 11th largest by population in the United States , with approximately 4.73 million people as of 2017 [ update ] . Phoenix is the seat of Maricopa County and the largest city in the state at 517.9 square miles ( 1,341 km2 ) , more than twice the size of Tucson and one of the largest cities in the United States . Phoenix was settled in 1867 as an agricultural community near the confluence of the Salt and Gila Rivers and was incorporated as a city in 1881 . It became the capital of Arizona Territory in 1889 . It is in the northeastern reaches of the Sonoran Desert and has a hot desert climate . Despite this , its canal system led to a thriving farming community with the original settler 's crops remaining important parts of the Phoenix economy for decades , such as alfalfa , cotton , citrus , and hay . Cotton , cattle , citrus , climate , and copper were known locally as the Five C 's anchoring Phoenix 's economy . These remained the driving forces of the city until after World War II , when high-tech companies began to move into the valley and air conditioning made Phoenix 's hot summers more bearable . The city averaged a four percent annual population growth rate over a 40-year period from the mid-1960s to the mid-2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cueshé", "text": "Cueshé is a Filipino pop rock band from Cebu , Philippines , currently based in Manila . The band is formed in 1998 and hit mainstream in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1879_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1879 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adlai_Stevenson_II", "text": "Adlai Ewing Stevenson II ( /ˈædleɪ/ ; February 5 , 1900 - July 14 , 1965 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and diplomat . A member of the Democratic Party , Stevenson served in numerous positions in the federal government during the 1930s and 1940s , including the Agricultural Adjustment Administration ( AAA ) , Federal Alcohol Administration , Department of the Navy , and the State Department . In 1945 , he served on the committee that created the United Nations , and he was a member of the initial U.S. delegations to the UN . He was the 31st Governor of Illinois from 1949 to 1953 , and received the Democratic Party 's nomination for president in the 1952 and 1956 elections . In both the 1952 and 1956 elections , Stevenson was defeated in landslides by Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower . He sought the Democratic presidential nomination for a third time at the 1960 Democratic National Convention , but was defeated by Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts . After his election , President Kennedy appointed Stevenson as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations . He served from 1961 until his death . He died on July 14 , 1965 , from heart failure ( after a heart attack ) in London , following a United Nations conference in Switzerland . Following public memorial services in New York City , Washington , DC , and his childhood hometown of Bloomington , Illinois , he was buried in Bloomington . Noted historian Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. , who served as one of his speechwriters , described Stevenson as a great creative figure in American politics . He turned the Democratic Party around in the fifties and made JFK possible.to the United States and the world he was the voice of a reasonable , civilized , and elevated America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Cave_&_the_Bad_Seeds", "text": "Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in 1983 by vocalist Nick Cave , multi-instrumentalist Mick Harvey and guitarist-vocalist Blixa Bargeld . The band has featured international personnel throughout its career and presently consists of Cave , violinist and multi-instrumentalist Warren Ellis , bassist Martyn P. Casey ( all from Australia ) , guitarist George Vjestica ( United Kingdom ) , keyboardist/percussionist Toby Dammit ( United States ) and drummers Thomas Wydler ( Switzerland ) and Jim Sclavunos ( United States ) . With their brutal blues and gothic nightmares songs , Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds have been considered one of the most original and celebrated bands of the post-punk and alternative rock eras in the '80s and onward . They have released seventeen studio albums and completed numerous international tours . The band was founded in 1983 following the demise of Cave and Harvey 's former group the Birthday Party , the members of which met at a boarding school in Victoria . By the release of their fifth studio album Tender Prey in 1988 , they shifted from post-punk towards an experimental alternative rock sound , [ citation needed ] later incorporating various influences throughout their career . 2008 's Dig , Lazarus , Dig ! ! ! and the side-project Grinderman were influenced by garage rock . Synthesizers and minimal guitar work feature prominently on Push the Sky Away ( 2013 ) , recorded after Harvey 's departure from the band in 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ernakulam", "text": "Ernakulam ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) refers to the central , mainland portion of the city of Kochi in central Kerala , India and has lent its name to the Ernakulam district . The Kerala High Court , the office of the Kochi Municipal Corporation and the Cochin Stock Exchange are situated here . The Ernakulam Junction is a major railway station of the Indian Railways . Initially , Ernakulam was the headquarters of the Ernakulam District but was later shifted to Kakkanad . Ernakulam was once the capital of the Kingdom of Cochin . It is located 220 kilometres ( 137 mi ) north-west of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram . The city has served as an incubator for many Malayali entrepreneurs and is a major financial and commercial hub of Kerala . The state government and the GCDA have plans to include Angamaly , Perumbavoor , Piravom and Kolenchery in the Ernakulam district ; Mala and Kodungallur in the Thrissur district ; Thalayolaparambu and Vaikom in Kottayam ; and Cherthala in the Alappuzha district within the Kochi metropolitan limits . The newly formed metropolis would be put under the charge of a new authority called Kochi Metropolitan Regional Development Authority ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athens_Regional_Foundation_Classic", "text": "The Stadion Classic at UGA was a golf tournament on the Web.com Tour . Founded in 2006 as the Athens Regional Foundation Classic , it was played at Jennings Mill Country Club in Bogart , Georgia from 2006 to 2009 and at the University of Georgia Golf Course in Athens , Georgia from 2010 to 2013 . Three of the four editions held at the university course were won by former or active members of the school 's golf team . The 2013 purse was $ 600,000 , with $ 108,000 for first place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kiss_from_a_Rose", "text": "Kiss from a Rose is a song from Seal 's second eponymous album . The song was first released as a single in July 1994 . Re-released in 1995 , it was included on the Batman Forever film soundtrack , helping it top the charts in the United States and Australia . It also reached the top 10 in several other countries , including Canada , France , Iceland and Norway . At the 1996 Grammy Awards , it won awards for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Garcilaso", "text": "Estadio Inca Garcilaso de la Vega , commonly known as Estadio Garcilaso , is Cusco 's principal stadium and the home venue of the local football team Cienciano . The stadium was named after the Peruvian mestizo Inca Garcilaso de la Vega and inaugurated in 1960 , with an initial capacity of 30,000 . It is owned by the Instituto Peruano del Deporte ( Peruvian Institute of Sport ) . The increase in spectator capacity came after CONMEBOL chose Peru to host the Copa América 2004 , prompting the Peruvian government to invest in a five-million dollar renovation program for its stadia , including the Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega . Its renovation cost approximately $ 1,720,000 , which helped boost its official spectator capacity to 42,056 . The stadium ended up hosting the third place game of the Copa América 2004 . Thanks to the event , the city of Cusco received even more tourists than it already receives as Peru 's top tourist destination . The Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega is also recognized as one of the most beautiful stadiums in all of South America . This recognition is due to its well-maintained grass and its resistance to the sometimes aggressive and highly variable climate of the city of Cuzco . The awe is the stadium 's perpetual beauty even after these climates . It is this resistive beauty that inspires soccer commentators and visitors alike . The stadium is currently home to three football clubs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBA_Most_Valuable_Player", "text": "Chinese Basketball Association ( CBA ) Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) is the annual award that is handed out at the end of each Chinese Basketball Association ( CBA ) regular season to the league 's most valuable player . From the league 's inaugural 1995-96 season until the 2011-12 season , only Chinese/Taiwanese players were eligible to win the award . Since the 2012-13 season , separate awards for both domestic and international players have been handed out . Domestic players are eligible to win the CBA Domestic Most Valuable Player award , while international players are eligible to win the CBA International Most Valuable Player award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jersey_Shore_(TV_series)", "text": "Jersey Shore is an American reality television series that ran on MTV from December 3 , 2009 , to December 20 , 2012 , in the United States . The series follows the lives of eight housemates at a vacation home : in Seaside Heights , New Jersey in seasons one , three , five and six , and in South Beach , Florida and Florence , Italy in seasons two and four , respectively . The show debuted amid controversy regarding its use of the terms Guido/Guidette , its portrayal of Italian-Americans and allegations of perpetuating stereotypes , as well as criticism from locals that the cast members were not residents of the area . ( Most were from New York , and at least two of them were not Italian . ) The show became a pop culture phenomenon , with classes and conferences at universities about the show , and journalists listing it as one of the most notable shows of the time . The Shore franchise spawned several international adaptations in other countries . Four of the Jersey Shore cast members received spin-off shows on MTV , with the most successful being Snooki & JWOWW . Most of the cast would go on to appear in other reality programs or receive their own shows on various networks . On August 20 , 2017 , a one-off television special called Reunion Road Trip : Return to the Jersey Shore aired on the E ! network . On November 27 , 2017 , MTV announced that the cast ( with the exception of Giancola ) would be reuniting in Miami , Florida , for a new reunion series titled Jersey Shore : Family Vacation . The series premiered globally on April 5 , 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oakridge,_Hampshire", "text": "Oakridge is a village in Hampshire , England , and is located in the north of Basingstoke within the ringroad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chuck_Cherundolo", "text": "Charles James Chuck Cherundolo , Jr. ( August 8 , 1916 - December 22 , 2012 ) was an American football player and coach . He played center and linebacker for ten seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) with the Cleveland Rams , Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers . He was born in Old Forge , Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manfred_Novotný", "text": "Manfred Novotný was a Czechoslovakian luger who competed during the early 1960s . He won the bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1962 FIL World Luge Championships in Krynica , Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Chicago_Bears_season", "text": "The 2004 season was the Chicago Bears 's 85th season in the National Football League . The team failed to improve on their 7-9 record as they fell to a 5-11 record , under first-year head coach Lovie Smith . The team was once again in a quarterbacking carousel after the injury of starter Rex Grossman early on in the season . This was the team 's eighth losing season in the past nine seasons . According to statistics site Football Outsiders , the 2004 Bears had the third-worst offense , play-for-play , in their ranking history . Chicago 's 231 points and 3,816 offensive yards were dead-last in the league in 2004 . Their team quarterback passer rating was 61.7 for the year , also last . The Bears started four different quarterbacks in 2004 - Chad Hutchinson , Craig Krenzel , Jonathan Quinn , and Rex Grossman . Grossman ( the only Bears quarterback who would average more than 200 yards passing per game in 2004 ) would eventually establish himself as the starter , and two seasons later , would lead the Bears to their second NFC Championship and an appearance in the Super Bowl ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boreray,_St_Kilda", "text": "Boreray ( Scottish Gaelic : Boraraigh ) is an uninhabited island in the St Kilda archipelago in the North Atlantic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neil_Fachie", "text": "Neil Fachie MBE ( born 12 March 1984 ) is a British Paralympic multiple sports athlete competing in events for individuals with a visual impairment . Fachie has entered two Paralympics , as a sprinter in the 2008 Games in Beijing and as a tandem cyclist in London 2012 . In London he won the gold medal in the Men 's individual 1 km time trial and silver in the individual sprint , both with Barney Storey as his sighted pilot ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal_West,_Quebec", "text": "Montreal West ( French : Montréal-Ouest ) is an on-island suburb in southwestern Quebec , Canada on the Island of Montreal . Montreal West is a small , close-knit community made up primarily of single-family dwellings . The town is largely composed of young families , and has a population of 5,085 , as of the 2011 census . The town 's area is 1.6 km² . About 66% of the population of Montreal West speak English as their first language . The core business area of Montreal West is located on Westminster Avenue between Sherbrooke and Curzon . Until 2010 , it consisted exclusively of small , non-franchised businesses , but in a controversial decision , the Pharmaprix drugstore chain was allowed to open a large outlet on the corner of Westminster and Sherbrooke Street . On January 1 , 2002 , as part of the 2002-2006 municipal reorganization in Montreal , Montreal West and the neighbouring suburbs of Côte-Saint-Luc and Hampstead were merged into the City of Montreal and became the borough of Côte-Saint-Luc-Hampstead-Montreal West . Following a change of government and a 2004 referendum in which the population voted to de-merge by a wide margin , Montreal West was reconstituted as an independent city on January 1 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheikh", "text": "Sheikh ( /ʃeɪk/ SHAYK , /ʃiːk/ SHEEK ; Arabic : شيخ šayḫ [ ʃajx ] , mostly pronounced [ ʃeːx ] , plural شيوخ šuyūḫ [ ʃuju : x ] ) - also transliterated Sheik , Shykh , Shayk , Shaykh , Cheikh , Shekh , Shaik and Shaikh - is an honorific title in the Arabic language . It commonly designates the ruler of a tribe or a royal family member , who inherited the title from his father . Sheikh is given to a royal male at birth and the related title Sheikha is given to a royal female at birth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta", "text": "Atlanta ( /ætˈlæntə/ ) is the capital and most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia . With an estimated 2018 population of 498,044 , it is also the 37th most-populous city in the United States . The city serves as the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5.9 million people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the nation . Atlanta is the seat of Fulton County , the most populous county in Georgia . Portions of the city extend eastward into neighboring DeKalb County . Atlanta was originally founded as the terminus of a major state-sponsored railroad . With rapid expansion , however , it soon became the convergence point among multiple railroads , spurring its rapid growth . The city 's name derives from that of the Western and Atlantic Railroad 's local depot , signifying the town 's growing reputation as a transportation hub . During the American Civil War , the city was almost entirely burned to the ground in General William T. Sherman 's famous March to the Sea . However , the city rose from its ashes and quickly became a national center of commerce and the unofficial capital of the New South . During the 1950s and 1960s , Atlanta became a major organizing center of the civil rights movement , with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , Ralph David Abernathy , and many other locals playing major roles in the movement 's leadership . During the modern era , Atlanta has attained international prominence as a major air transportation hub , with Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world 's busiest airport by passenger traffic since 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Houston_Texans_seasons", "text": "This is a list of seasons completed by the Houston Texans American football franchise of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The list documents the season-by-season records of the Texans ' franchise from 2002 to present , including postseason records , and league awards for individual players or head coaches . The team currently has seven winning seasons , two 8-8 seasons , and eight losing seasons . The Texans clinched their first playoff berth and AFC South title on December 11 , 2011 by beating the Cincinnati Bengals 20-19 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philippine_Islands", "text": "The Philippines ( /ˈfɪləpiːnz/ ( listen ) ; Filipino : Pilipinas [ ˌpɪlɪˈpinɐs ] or Filipinas [ ˌfɪlɪˈpinɐs ] ) , officially the Republic of the Philippines ( Filipino : Republika ng Pilipinas ) , [ a ] is an archipelagic country in Southeast Asia . Situated in the western Pacific Ocean , it consists of about 7,641 islands that are broadly categorized under three main geographical divisions from north to south : Luzon , Visayas and Mindanao . The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City , both part of Metro Manila . Bounded by the South China Sea on the west , the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest , the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north , Japan to the northeast , Vietnam to the west , Palau to the east , and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south . The Philippines ' location on the Pacific Ring of Fire and close to the equator makes the Philippines prone to earthquakes and typhoons , but also endows it with abundant natural resources and some of the world 's greatest biodiversity . The Philippines is the world 's 5th largest island country with an area of 300,000 km2 ( 120,000 sq mi ) . As of 2015 , it had a population of at least 100 million . As of January 2018 [ update ] , it is the eighth-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world . Approximately 10 million additional Filipinos lived overseas , comprising one of the world 's largest diasporas . Multiple ethnicities and cultures are found throughout the islands . In prehistoric times , Negritos were some of the archipelago 's earliest inhabitants . They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976_Tampa_Bay_Buccaneers_season", "text": "The 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season was the franchise 's 1st season in the National Football League the 1st playing their home games at Tampa Stadium and the 1st under head coach John McKay . The Buccaneers gained infamy as the first team to play an entire 14-game season without winning or tying a single game ( including five games where they never even scored ) . They did not score until their third game and did not score a touchdown until their fourth . They lost by more than a touchdown eleven times . Colorful , maverick former USC coach John McKay , whose wisecracking remarks occasionally agitated fans and the league , led the team . Lee Roy Selmon , the Buccaneers first Hall of Fame representative , made his rookie debut in an injury-plagued season . The expansion draft was largely made up of aging veterans , giving the Buccaneers little basis for success . The lack of medical information provided on players in the expansion draft contributed heavily to the team 's problems , as they finished the season with 17 players on injured reserve . They were last in the league in points scored , touchdowns , and rushing touchdowns . After a 19-point 4th-quarter performance brought them within striking distance of a victory in week 8 against the Kansas City Chiefs , they were blown out of every game the rest of the season . Subsequent expansion teams were given a more generous allotment of draft picks and expansion draft opportunities , in part to avoid a repeat of the Buccaneers difficulties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics_–_Men's_100_metres_T44", "text": "The Men 's 100 metres T44 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 5 and 6 September . The T44 category is for athletes who have a single below knee amputation or who can walk with moderately reduced function in one or both legs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bosaso", "text": "Bosaso ( Somali : Boosaaso , Arabic : بوصاصو ) is a city in the northeastern Bari province ( gobol ) of Somalia . It is the seat of the Bosaso District . Located on the southern coast of the Gulf of Aden , the municipality serves as the region 's commercial capital and is a major seaport within the autonomous Puntland state . It has an estimated population of around 164,906 residents ( 2005 est. ) . The city has a diverse economy centred on education , government , banking , tourism , aviation , food , clothes , logistics , steel , energy , health care , hospitality , retail and technology . The area 's many colleges and universities make it a regional hub of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering and business and entrepreneurship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uzbekistan", "text": "Uzbekistan ( UK : /ʊzˌbɛkɪˈstɑːn , ʌz- , -ˈstæn/ , US : /ʊzˈbɛkɪstæn , -stɑːn/ ; Uzbek : O'zbekiston , Ўзбекистон pronounced [ ozbekiˈstɒn ] ) , officially Republic of Uzbekistan ( Uzbek : O'zbekiston Respublikasi ) , is a country in Central Asia . It is bordered by five landlocked countries : Kazakhstan to the north ; Kyrgyzstan to the northeast ; Tajikistan to the southeast ; Afghanistan to the south ; and Turkmenistan to the southwest . Along with Liechtenstein , it is one of the world 's only two doubly landlocked countries . As a sovereign state , Uzbekistan is a secular , unitary constitutional republic . It comprises 12 provinces and one autonomous republic . The capital and largest city of Uzbekistan is Tashkent . What is now Uzbekistan was in ancient times part of the Iranian-speaking region of Transoxiana and Turan . The first recorded settlers were Eastern Iranian nomads , known as Scythians , who founded kingdoms in Khwarezm ( 8th-6th centuries BC ) , Bactria ( 8th-6th centuries BC ) , Sogdia ( 8th-6th centuries BC ) , Fergana ( 3rd century BC - 6th century AD ) , and Margiana ( 3rd century BC - 6th century AD ) . The area was incorporated into the Iranian Achaemenid Empire and , after a period of Macedonian Greek rule , was ruled by the Iranian Parthian Empire and later by the Sasanian Empire , until the Arab conquest of Iran in the 7th century . The Muslim conquest in the 7th century converted the majority of the population , including the local ruling classes , into adherents of Islam . During this period , cities such as Samarkand , Khiva and Bukhara began to grow rich from the Silk Road . The local Khwarezmian dynasty , and Central Asia as a whole , were decimated by the Mongol invasion in the 13th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Leslie_and_Ballinbreich", "text": "Earl of Rothes ( pronounced Roth-is ) is a title in the Peerage of Scotland . It was created in 1458 for George Leslie , 1st Lord Leslie . He had already been created Lord Leslie in 1445 , also in the Peerage of Scotland . His grandson , the third Earl , having only succeeded his elder brother in March 1513 , was killed at the Battle of Flodden on 9 September of the same year . His son , the fourth Earl , served as an Extraordinary Lord of Session . Lord Rothes was also tried for the murder of Cardinal Beaton but was acquitted . His great-great-grandson , the seventh Earl , was a prominent statesman . He was notably Lord High Treasurer of Scotland from 1663 to 1667 and Lord Chancellor of Scotland from 1667 to 1681 . In 1663 he obtained a new charter conferring the earldom of Rothes and lordship of Leslie ( which was regranted as Lord Leslie and Ballenbreich ) , in default of male issue of his own , on his eldest daughter Margaret , wife of Charles Hamilton , 5th Earl of Haddington , and her descendants male and female . It was stipulated in the charter that the earldoms of Rothes and Haddington should never be allowed to merge . In 1680 Lord Rothes was further honoured when he was made Lord Auchmotie and Caskieberry , Viscount of Lugtoun , Earl of Leslie , Marquess of Bambreich and Duke of Rothes , with normal remainder to the heirs male of his body . These titles were also in the Peerage of Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1983", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1983 , the first ever Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from the Lakeland Civic Auditorium in Lakeland , Florida on 30 August 1983 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Ruth Zakarian of New York was crowned Miss Teen USA , by Miss USA 1983 Julie Hayek and Miss Universe 1983 Lorraine Downes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oudenaarde", "text": "Oudenaarde ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈʌu̯dənaːrdə ] , French Audenarde , English sometimes Oudenarde ) is a Belgian municipality in the Flemish province of East Flanders . The municipality comprises the city of Oudenaarde proper and the towns of Bevere , Edelare , Eine , Ename , Heurne , Leupegem , Mater , Melden , Mullem , Nederename , Volkegem , Welden and a part of Ooike . From the 15th to the 18th century , but especially in the 16th century , Oudenaarde was a world-known centre of tapestry production . The town 's name , meaning old field , still lingers on in outnal , an obsolete English term for a kind of brown linen thread ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kris_Blanks", "text": "Kris Blanks ( born November 3 , 1972 ) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour and previously played on the Nationwide Tour . Blanks was born in Warner Robins , Georgia . He attended Huntingdon College . Blanks played on the Nationwide Tour in 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 . His best finish was a win at the 2008 Bank of America Open . In 2008 , he finished 13th on the Nationwide Tour Money List and thus earned his PGA Tour card for 2009 for finishing in the top 25 . He has played on the PGA Tour since 2009 . He finished in second place at the 2010 Puerto Rico Open . In 2011 , he finished the RBC Canadian Open in a tie with Sean O'Hair and went on to lose the sudden death playoff to finish second . Blanks was arrested on June 30 , 2013 after he attempted to carry a gun on board a plane at Palm Beach International Airport . The charges were later dropped . In March 2014 , Blanks won his second event on the Web.com Tour with a sudden death playoff victory at the Chitimacha Louisiana Open over Brett Stegmaier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shakey's_V-League", "text": "The Premier Volleyball League ( PVL ) is a women 's professional volleyball league in the Philippines organized by Sports Vision Management Group , Inc . The league began in 2004 as the Shakey 's V-League , a women 's collegiate league with teams coming from the University Athletic Association of the Philippines ( UAAP ) , the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) , the Cebu Schools Athletic Foundation ( CESAFI ) , and other associations . Since 2011 , the league welcomed the participation of corporate clubs and non-collegiate teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honda_in_Formula_One", "text": "Honda has participated in Formula One , as an entrant , constructor and engine supplier , for various periods since 1964 . Honda 's involvement in Formula One began with the 1964 season , and in 1965 they achieved their first victory at the Mexican Grand Prix . After further success with John Surtees , Honda withdrew at the end of the 1968 season due to difficulties selling road cars in the United States and Honda driver Jo Schlesser 's fatal accident . Honda returned in 1983 as an engine supplier , which started a very successful period for Honda . After winning races in 1984 and 1985 , Honda won the Constructors ' Championship every year between 1986 and 1991 with Williams and McLaren , and the Drivers ' Championship every year from 1987 to 1991 with Nelson Piquet , Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost . Honda withdrew at the end of 1992 after having achieved their targets . Honda returned again in 2000 , providing engines for British American Racing ( BAR ) . BAR-Honda finished second in the Constructors ' Championship in 2004 , and by the end of 2005 Honda had bought out the BAR team , which became the Honda team for 2006 . After a good 2006 season where Jenson Button won the Hungarian Grand Prix , Honda announced in December 2008 that they would be exiting Formula One with immediate effect due to the global financial crisis , following two difficult seasons in 2007 and 2008 . In May 2013 , Honda announced their intention to return to the sport in the 2015 season under a works agreement with McLaren to supply power units . The first iterations of the Honda engines proved to be uncompetitive , and Honda spent their first three years under the harsh scrutiny of the public eye as they developed their power unit . McLaren and Honda split after three years , Toro Rosso however , agreed to use Honda engines for the 2018 season as a works outfit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_War_I", "text": "World War I ( often abbreviated as WWI or WW1 ) , also known as the First World War or the Great War , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 . Contemporaneously described as the war to end all wars , it led to the mobilisation of more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , making it one of the largest wars in history . It is also one of the deadliest conflicts in history , with an estimated nine million combatants and seven million civilian deaths as a direct result of the war , while resulting genocides and the resulting 1918 influenza pandemic caused another 50 to 100 million deaths worldwide . On 28 June 1914 , Gavrilo Princip , a Bosnian Serb Yugoslav nationalist , assassinated the Austro-Hungarian heir Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo , leading to the July Crisis . In response , on 23 July , Austria-Hungary issued an ultimatum to Serbia . Serbia 's reply failed to satisfy the Austrians , and the two moved to a war footing . A network of interlocking alliances enlarged the crisis from a bilateral issue in the Balkans to one involving most of Europe . By July 1914 , the great powers of Europe were divided into two coalitions : the Triple Entente - consisting of France , Russia , and Britain - and the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary , and Italy ( the Triple Alliance was only defensive in nature , allowing Italy to stay out of the war until April 1915 , when it joined the Allied Powers after its relations with Austria-Hungary deteriorated ) . Russia felt it necessary to back Serbia and , after Austria-Hungary shelled the Serbian capital of Belgrade on the 28 July , approved partial mobilisation . Full Russian mobilisation was announced on the evening of 30 July ; on the 31st , Austria-Hungary and Germany did the same , while Germany demanded Russia demobilise within twelve hours . When Russia failed to comply , Germany declared war on Russia on 1 August in support of Austria-Hungary , with Austria-Hungary following suit on 6 August ; France ordered full mobilisation in support of Russia on 2 August . German strategy for a war on two fronts against France and Russia was to rapidly concentrate the bulk of its army in the West to defeat France within six weeks , then shift forces to the East before Russia could fully mobilise ; this was later known as the Schlieffen Plan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Whiffenpoofs", "text": "The Yale Whiffenpoofs is a collegiate a cappella singing group . Established at Yale University in 1909 , it is the oldest such group in the United States . The line-up is completely replaced each year : the group is always composed of rising seniors , who often take a year leave of absence from the university to tour the United States and internationally . [ citation needed ] Former members include Cole Porter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarratt", "text": "Sarratt is a village and civil parish in Three Rivers District , Hertfordshire . It is situated 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Rickmansworth on high ground near the county boundary with Buckinghamshire . The chalk stream , the River Chess , rising just north of Chesham in the Chiltern Hills , passes through Sarratt Bottom in the valley to the west of the village to join the River Colne in Rickmansworth . The conditions offered by the river are perfect for the cultivation of watercress . Sarratt has the only commercially operating watercress farm in Hertfordshire . The valley to the east of Sarratt is dry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Okra", "text": "Okra ( US : /ˈoʊkrə/ , UK : /ˈɒkrə/ ) , Abelmoschus esculentus , known in many English-speaking countries as ladies ' fingers or ochro , is a flowering plant in the mallow family . It is valued for its edible green seed pods . The geographical origin of okra is disputed , with supporters of West African , Ethiopian , and South Asian origins . The plant is cultivated in tropical , subtropical and warm temperate regions around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dardanelles_(band)", "text": "Dardanelles are a four-piece indie rock band from Melbourne , Australia formed in early 2006 . Often incorrectly labelled or billed as The Dardanelles , they are named after the narrow strait in northwestern Turkey of the same name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seton_Hall_Pirates_men's_basketball", "text": "The Seton Hall Pirates men 's basketball program is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball program of Seton Hall University in South Orange , New Jersey . The team competes in the Big East Conference and plays their home games in the Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adidas", "text": "Adidas AG ( German : [ ˈʔadiˌdas ] AH-dee-DAHS ; stylized as ɑdidɑs since 1949 ) is a multinational corporation , founded and headquartered in Herzogenaurach , Germany , that designs and manufactures shoes , clothing and accessories . It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe , and the second largest in the world , after Nike . It is the holding company for the Adidas Group , which consists of the Reebok sportswear company , 8.33% of the German football club Bayern Munich , and Runtastic , an Austrian fitness technology company . Adidas ' revenue for 2018 was listed at €21.915 billion . The company was started by Adolf Dassler in his mother 's house ; he was joined by his elder brother Rudolf in 1924 under the name Dassler Brothers Shoe Factory . Dassler assisted in the development of spiked running shoes ( spikes ) for multiple athletic events . To enhance the quality of spiked athletic footwear , he transitioned from a previous model of heavy metal spikes to utilising canvas and rubber . Dassler persuaded U.S. sprinter Jesse Owens to use his handmade spikes at the 1936 Summer Olympics . In 1949 , following a breakdown in the relationship between the brothers , Adolf created Adidas , and Rudolf established Puma , which became Adidas ' business rival . Adidas ' logo is three stripes , which is used on the company 's clothing and shoe designs as a marketing aid . The branding , which Adidas bought in 1952 from Finnish sports company Karhu Sports , became so successful that Dassler described Adidas as The three stripes company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sahiwal", "text": "Sahiwal ( Punjabi and Urdu : ساہِيوال ) is a city in Punjab , Pakistan . It is the administrative center of Sahiwal District , and Sahiwal Division . It is the 14th largest city in Punjab and the 21st largest city in Pakistan . Sahiwal is approximately 180 km from the major city Lahore and lies between Lahore and Multan . A small village on the Karachi-Lahore railway line during 1865 was named Montgomery after Sir Robert Montgomery , then Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab . Later , it was made the capital of the Montgomery District . Its name was reinstated as Sahiwal in 1966 . The city is in the densely populated region between the Sutlej and Ravi rivers . The principal crops are wheat , cotton , tobacco , legumes , potato and oil seeds . Cotton goods and lacquered woodwork are manufactured ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wild_Life_(film)", "text": "The Wild Life is a 1984 American comedy-drama film written by Cameron Crowe and directed by Art Linson . It stars Christopher Penn , Lea Thompson , Ilan Mitchell-Smith , Jenny Wright , Eric Stoltz , Rick Moranis , Hart Bochner , and Randy Quaid . Edward Van Halen and Donn Landee composed the film 's score ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archery_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , three archery events were contested . Great Britain sent 41 archers ( 25 female and 16 male ) , France sent 15 men , and the United States sent one man ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marquess_of_Montrose", "text": "Duke of Montrose ( named after Montrose , Angus ) is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of Scotland . The first creation was in 1488 for David Lindsay , 5th Earl of Crawford . He was forced to forfeit the dukedom later in 1488 , but it was restored to him in 1489 , although only for his lifetime . Thus , it was not inherited . The title was created anew in 1707 , again in the Peerage of Scotland , for James Graham , 4th Marquess of Montrose . It has remained since then in the Graham family , and the title is also tied to the chieftainship of Clan Graham . The Duke 's subsidiary titles are : Marquess of Montrose ( created 1644 ) , Marquess of Graham and Buchanan ( 1707 ) , Earl of Montrose ( 1503 ) , Earl of Kincardine ( 1644 ) , Earl Graham ( 1722 ) , Viscount Dundaff ( 1707 ) , Lord Graham ( 1445 ) , Lord Graham and Mugdock ( 1644 ) , Lord Aberruthven , Mugdock and Fintrie ( 1707 ) and Baron Graham , of Belford ( 1722 ) . The titles of Earl Graham and Baron Graham are in the Peerage of Great Britain ; the rest are in the Peerage of Scotland . The eldest son of the Duke uses the courtesy title of Marquess of Graham and Buchanan . The family seat is Auchmar House , near Loch Lomond , Stirlingshire . It was previously Buchanan Castle , near Drymen , Stirlingshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Adams_(1799)", "text": "USS Adams was a 28-gun ( rated ) sailing frigate of the United States Navy . She was laid down in 1797 at New York City by John Jackson and William Sheffield and launched on 8 June 1799 . Captain Richard Valentine Morris took command of the ship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rangers_F.C.", "text": "Rangers Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the Govan district of Glasgow . It has played in the Scottish Premiership , the first tier of the Scottish Professional Football League , since winning the 2015-16 Scottish Championship . Their home ground , Ibrox Stadium , in the southwest of the city , is the third largest football stadium in the country . Although not the club 's official name , it is occasionally referred to as Glasgow Rangers . Rangers have played in royal blue shirts since the inception of the club . Rangers are the second most successful club in world football in terms of trophies won , behind only Egyptian club Al Ahly . The club has won more league titles and domestic trebles than any other team in the world , winning the league title 54 times , the Scottish Cup 33 times and the Scottish League Cup 27 times , and achieving the treble of all three in the same season seven times . Rangers won the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1972 after being losing finalists twice , in 1961 ( the first British club to reach a UEFA tournament final ) and 1967 . A third runners-up finish in Europe came in the UEFA Cup in 2008 . Rangers have a long-standing rivalry with Celtic , the two Glasgow clubs being collectively known as the Old Firm , which is considered one of the world 's biggest football derbies . Founded in March 1872 , Rangers is the fourth-oldest football club in Scotland and was one of the 11 original members of the Scottish Football League and it remained in the top division continuously until a financial crisis during the 2011-12 season saw an administration event occur and the original company liquidated with the assets moved to a new company structure . The club was accepted as an associate member of the Scottish Football League and placed in the fourth tier of Scottish football league system in time for the start of the following season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rochfort_Bridge,_Alberta", "text": "Rochfort Bridge is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within Lac Ste . Anne County . It is located approximately 105 kilometres ( 65 mi ) northwest of Edmonton and 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) east of Mayerthorpe . One of North Americas longest wooden train trestles is located just east of the hamlet , which crosses over the Paddle River valley and Highway 43 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Paul,_Minnesota", "text": "Saint Paul ( abbreviated St. Paul ) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota . As of 2018 , the city 's estimated population was 307,695 . Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County , the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota . The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Minneapolis , the state 's largest city . Known as the Twin Cities , the two form the core of Minneapolis-Saint Paul , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States , with about 3.6 million residents . Founded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center , the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849 . The Dakota name for Saint Paul is Imnizaska . Regionally , the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center , home of the Minnesota Wild , and for the Science Museum of Minnesota . As a business hub of the Upper Midwest , it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab . Saint Paul , along with its twin city , Minneapolis , is known for its high literacy rate . The settlement originally began at present-day Lambert 's Landing , but was known as Pig 's Eye after Pierre Pig 's Eye Parrant established a popular tavern there . When Lucien Galtier , the first Catholic pastor of the region , established the Log Chapel of Saint Paul ( shortly thereafter to become the first location of the Cathedral of Saint Paul ) , he made it known that the settlement was now to be called by that name , as Saint Paul as applied to a town or city was well appropriated , this monosyllable is short , sounds good , it is understood by all Christian denominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Lady_in_the_Van", "text": "The Lady in the Van is a 2015 British comedy-drama film directed by Nicholas Hytner , and starring Maggie Smith and Alex Jennings , based on the memoir of the same name created by Alan Bennett . It was written by Bennett , and it tells the ( mostly ) true story of his interactions with Mary Shepherd , an elderly woman who lived in a dilapidated van on his driveway in London for 15 years . He had previously published the story as a 1989 essay , 1990 book , 1999 stage play , and 2009 radio play on BBC Radio 4 . Smith had previously portrayed Shepherd twice : in the 1999 stage play , which earned her a Best Actress nomination at the 2000 Olivier Awards and in the 2009 radio adaptation . Hytner directed the 1999 stage play at the Queen 's Theatre in London . The film was shown in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival and received largely positive reviews from critics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlos_Roberto_Pereira", "text": "Carlos Roberto Pereira ( born 22 March 1946 ) is a Brazilian association football manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinky_(band)", "text": "Kinky is a Mexican rock band , formed in 1998 as part of the Avanzada Regia musical movement and consisting of Gilberto Cerezo , Ulises Lozano , Carlos Chairez , Omar Góngora , and Cesar Pliego . Although a majority of songs are sung in Spanish , some songs contain English lyrics . Since the release of their studio album , Kinky has been signed with Sonic360 Records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Las_Vegas", "text": "Las Vegas ( Spanish for The Meadows ) , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County . The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert . Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city , known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife . The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial , commercial , and cultural center for Nevada . The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World , and is famous for its mega casino-hotels and associated activities . It is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions and a global leader in the hospitality industry , claiming more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any other city in the world . Today , Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world 's most visited tourist destinations . The city 's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City , and has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature , films , television programs , and music videos . Las Vegas was settled in 1905 and officially incorporated in 1911 . At the close of the 20th century , it was the most populated American city founded within that century ( a similar distinction was earned by Chicago in the 19th century ) . Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2% . Rapid growth has continued into the 21st century , and according to estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had 648,224 residents in 2018 , with a metropolitan population of 2,227,053 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2001–02", "text": "The 2001-02 Pro Tour season was the seventh season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . On 18 August 2001 the season began with parallel Grand Prixs in Kobe and Denver . It ended on 18 August 2002 with the conclusion of the 2002 World Championship in Sydney . The season consisted of 33 Grand Prixs and 6 Pro Tours , held in New York , New Orleans , San Diego , Osaka , Nice , and Sydney . Also Master Series tournaments were held at four Pro Tours . At the end of the season Kai Budde was proclaimed Pro Player of the Year , winning the title by a record margin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fairchild_AT-21_Gunner", "text": "The Fairchild AT-21 was an American World War II specialized bomber crew trainer , intended to train crews in the use of power gun turrets or a gun on a flexible mount , as well as learn to function as a member of a crew . It had a brief career as a training aircraft before modified bombers took over this role ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benzoic_acid", "text": "Benzoic acid /bɛnˈzoʊ.ɪk/ is a white ( or colorless ) solid with the formula C6H5CO2H . It is the simplest aromatic carboxylic acid . The name is derived from gum benzoin , which was for a long time its only source . Benzoic acid occurs naturally in many plants and serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of many secondary metabolites . Salts of benzoic acid are used as food preservatives . Benzoic acid is an important precursor for the industrial synthesis of many other organic substances . The salts and esters of benzoic acid are known as benzoates /ˈbɛnzoʊ.eɪt/ ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stanley_Rozario", "text": "Stanley Rozario ( born 22 April 1960 ) , is an Indian football coach . He coached top clubs in India with teams at Kolkata , Goa , Shillong , Sikkim , Kerala , Pune and Bangalore . He was also Assistant Coach with Senior National Team for World Cup Qualifying , Olympic Qualifying , Asian Games , AFC Cup , AFC Challenge Cup , SAFF Cup , Nehru Cup and other international competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kronstadt_rebellion", "text": "The Kronstadt rebellion or Kronstadt mutiny ( Russian : Кронштадтское восстание , tr . Kronshtadtskoye vosstaniye ) was an insurrection of the Soviet sailors , soldiers and civilians of the port city of Kronstadt against the Bolshevik government of the Russian SFSR . It was the last major revolt against the Bolshevik regime on Russian territory during the Russian Civil War that ravaged the country . The revolt began on March 1 , 1921 in the city 's naval fortress , located on the island of Kotlin in the Gulf of Finland . Traditionally , Kronstadt served as the base of the Russian Baltic fleet and as defense for the approaches to Petrograd , located 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) from the island . For sixteen days , the rebels rose in opposition to the Soviet government they had helped to consolidate . Led by Stepan Petrichenko , the rebels , including many Communists disappointed in the direction of the Bolshevik government , demanded a series of reforms , such as the election of new soviets , the inclusion of socialist parties and anarchist groups in the new soviets , and the end of the Bolshevik monopoly on power , economic freedom for peasants and workers , dissolution of the bureaucratic organs of government created during the civil war , and the restoration of civil rights for the working class . Despite the influence of some opposition parties , the sailors did not support any in particular . Convinced of the popularity of the reforms they were fighting for ( which they partially tried to implement during the revolt ) , the Kronstadt seamen waited in vain for the support of the population in the rest of the country and rejected aid from emigrants . Although the council of officers advocated a more offensive strategy , the rebels maintained a passive attitude as they waited for the government to take the first step in negotiations , which eventually isolated continental forces . The authorities , by contrast , took an uncompromising stance , presenting an ultimatum demanding unconditional surrender on March 5 . Once the surrender period expired , the Bolsheviks sent a series of military raids against the island , managing to suppress the revolt on March 17 , causing the deaths of several thousands in the process ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Euphrasian_Basilica", "text": "The Euphrasian Basilica ( Croatian : Eufrazijeva bazilika , Italian : Basilica Eufrasiana ) or the Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of Mary is a Roman Catholic basilica in the Istrian town of Poreč , Croatia . The episcopal complex , which comprises the basilica itself , a sacristy , a baptistery and the bell tower of the nearby archbishop 's palace , is an excellent example of early Byzantine architecture in the Mediterranean region . The Euphrasian basilica has for the most part retained its original shape , but accidents , fires and earthquakes have altered a few details . Since it is the third church to be built on the same site , it conceals previous buildings , for example the great floor mosaic of the previous basilica from the 5th century . Because of its exceptional value , it has been inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1997 . The Basilica is also the Cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Poreč-Pula ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jenson_Button", "text": "Jenson Alexander Lyons Button MBE ( born 19 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver and former Formula One driver . He won the 2009 Formula One World Championship , driving for Brawn GP . He currently competes in the Japanese Super GT Series driving a Honda NSX-GT for Team Kunimitsu , in which he won the title in 2018 . Button began karting at the age of eight and achieved early success , before progressing to car racing in the British Formula Ford Championship and the British Formula 3 Championship . He first drove in Formula One with Williams for the 2000 season . The following year he switched to Benetton , which in 2002 became Renault , and then for the 2003 season he moved to BAR . In 2004 he finished 3rd in the World Drivers ' Championship , with only the two Ferraris ahead of him . BAR was subsequently renamed Honda for the 2006 season , during which Button won his first Grand Prix in Hungary , after 113 races . Following the withdrawal of Honda from the sport in December 2008 , he was left without a drive for the 2009 season , until Ross Brawn led a management buyout of the team in February 2009 , and Button suddenly found himself in a highly competitive , Mercedes-engined car . He went on to win a record-tying six of the first seven races of the 2009 season , securing the World Drivers ' Championship at the Brazilian Grand Prix , having led on points all season ; his success also helped Brawn GP to secure the World Constructors ' Championship . For 2010 , he moved to McLaren , partnering fellow British racer and former World Champion Lewis Hamilton . After finishing fifth for the team in 2010 , Button finished the 2011 season as runner-up ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coventry_City_F.C.", "text": "Coventry City Football Club is a professional football club based in Coventry , West Midlands , England . The club competes in League One , the third tier of the English football league system , following promotion via the playoffs from League Two in the 2017-18 season , and temporarily plays its home games at St Andrew 's Stadium in Birmingham . Coventry City formed as Singers F.C . in 1883 following a general meeting of the Singer Factory Gentleman 's club . They adopted their current name in 1898 , joining the Football League in 1919 . They won their only major trophy in 1987 when they beat Tottenham Hotspur 3-2 to win the FA Cup . They are one of only five clubs to have won both the FA Cup and the FA Youth Cup in the same season . They have also reached two Football League Cup semi-finals , in 1981 and 1990 . They returned to Wembley in April 2017 , defeating Oxford United 2-1 to win the Football League Trophy and again in May 2018 , beating Exeter City 3-1 to gain promotion to EFL League One via the play-offs . The club , nicknamed the Sky Blues because of the colour of their strip , was an inaugural member of the Premier League in 1992 and spent 34 consecutive seasons in the English top-flight until relegation in 2001 . Following eleven seasons in the second-tier Football League Championship , Coventry were relegated to League One in 2012 , the first time they had been in the third tier since 1964 . In 2017 , there was a further relegation , with the club dropping to the fourth tier of English football for the first time since 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Baku", "text": "FC Baku ( Azerbaijani : Bakı Futbol Klubu ) is an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku that has been an amateur club since 2016 . Prior to that , Baku played 18 seasons in the Azerbaijan Premier League , winning the championship twice and earning the National Cup three times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Historic_Overtown/Lyric_Theatre_station", "text": "Historic Overtown / Lyric Theatre station is a station on the Metrorail rapid transit system in northwest Downtown , Miami , Florida . The station is located at the intersection of Northwest Sixth Street and First Avenue , just south of the neighborhood of Overtown and east of the historic Lyric Theatre . It opened on May 20 , 1984 . Originally called Overtown , the Arena was added to the name in 1988 when the Miami Arena opened . It took on its current name in 2007 , one year before the Miami Arena was demolished ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_Nilsson", "text": "Kent Åke Kenta Nilsson ( born 31 August 1956 ) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey centre . He played in the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) for the Winnipeg Jets , and in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Atlanta and Calgary Flames , Minnesota North Stars and Edmonton Oilers , as well as teams across various European leagues . During his NHL career he was called Mr. Magic and The Magic Man , referring to his exceptional puck skills . Wayne Gretzky commented on Nilsson 's skills saying Skills-wise he might have been the most skilled hockey player I ever saw in my entire career . In 2006 , he was featured on HCZ , a Swedish reality show as coach for a hockey team of non-athletes . He is currently working as a European scout for the Florida Panthers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stony_Stratford", "text": "Stony Stratford is a constituent town of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . Historically it was a market town on the important route from London to Chester ( Watling Street , now the A5 ) . It is also a civil parish with a town council within the Borough of Milton Keynes . It is in the north west corner of Milton Keynes , bordering Northamptonshire and separated from it ( and Old Stratford ) by the River Great Ouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aardram", "text": "Aardram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Unnithan , starring Murali , Sunitha and Urvashi in the lead roles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kany_García", "text": "Encarnita Kany García de Jesús ( born September 25 , 1982 ) is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter . Born in Toa Baja , Puerto Rico , García first appeared on television in 2004 as a contestant on Objetivo Fama . She is widely considered the most successful non-winner in the history of the show . In 2006 , García signed a recording contract with Sony BMG , releasing her debut album Cualquier Día ( 2007 ) , which was a commercial success , spawning four top 40 singles on the Billboard Latin Tracks . With great praise for her work , she has been nominated for six Latin Grammy Awards and two Grammy Awards , and has won Best Female Pop Vocal Album for Cualquier Día and Best New Artist in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vicem_Hải_Phòng_F.C.", "text": "Câu lạc bộ Bóng đá Hải Phòng , simply known as Hải Phòng , is a Vietnamese football club based in Hải Phòng.This is one of the most traditional teams in the V.League . The name of the team is The Portland FC or the City of Poinciana . They are now playing in V.League 1 . The team is currently playing at Lạch Tray Stadium . As a manager , Dylan Kerr finished contract with Hai Phong FC after the 2013-14 season , Kerr was replaced by Trương Việt Hoàng ( a former Vietnamese national soccer player )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Warwickshire_College", "text": "WCG ( formerly Warwickshire College Group and Warwickshire College ) is the managing body that administers several colleges of further education in the English West Midlands , namely in the counties of Warwickshire and Worcestershire . Its most recent acquisition concerned its August 2016 merger with South Worcestershire College of which the two campuses then reverted to their historical names of Evesham College in Evesham and Malvern Hills College in Great Malvern . The merger makes it the largest group of further and adult education institutions in the country and one of the five colleges in the United Kingdom empowered by the Privy Council with the authority to award Foundation Degrees As of June 2018 the group manages seven colleges with a faculty of around 1,500 staff for approximately 15,000 students . The group offers more than 1,000 courses over 20 areas of discipline with an A-Level pass rate of 98% ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princess_Melody", "text": "This article lists information of animated and was made by Hans Christian Andersen original characters from Disney 's The Little Mermaid franchise , covering the 1989 film , its prequel TV series , its direct-to-video sequel and prequel films , and the stage musical adaptation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tughlaqabad_Fort", "text": "Tughlaqabad Fort is a ruined fort in Delhi , built by Ghiyas-ud-din Tughlaq , the founder of Tughlaq dynasty , of the Delhi Sultanate of India in 1321 , as he established the fourth historic city of Delhi , which was later abandoned in 1327 . It lends its name to the nearby Tughlaqabad residential-commercial area as well as the Tughlaqabad Institutional Area . Tughlaq also built Qutub-Badarpur Road , which connected the new city to the Grand Trunk Road . The road is now known as Mehrauli-Badarpur Road . The entry fee for the Fort is Rs . 20 for Indians . Also , nearby is Dr. Karni Singh Shooting Range and Okhla Industrial Area . Surroundings are an important biodiversity area within the Northern Aravalli leopard wildlife corridor stretching from Sariska Tiger Reserve to Delhi . Historical place around sanctuary are Badkhal Lake ( 6km northeast ) , 10th century ancient Surajkund reservoir and Anangpur Dam , Damdama Lake , Tughlaqabad Fort and Adilabad ruins ( both in Delhi ) . It is contiguous to the seasonal waterfalls in Pali-Dhuaj-Kot villages of Faridabad , the sacred Mangar Bani and the Asola Bhatti Wildlife Sanctuary . There are several dozen lakes formed in the abandoned open pit mines in the forested hilly area of [ [ Delhi Ridge"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kamuli", "text": "Kamuli is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative , and commercial centre of Kamuli District , and the district headquarters are located there . The district is named after the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fenwick's_Colony", "text": "Salem is a city in Salem County , in the U.S. state of New Jersey . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city 's population was 5,146 , reflecting a decrease of 711 ( −12.1% ) from the 5,857 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn declined by 1,026 ( −14.9% ) from the 6,883 counted in the 1990 Census , an overall drop of more than 25% over the two decades . It is the county seat of Salem County , the state 's most rural county . The name Salem , in both the city and county , is derived from the Hebrew word shalom , meaning peace . The town and colony of Salem was laid out in 1675 by John Fenwick and the community was given permission to choose officers in October 1693 . It was incorporated on February 21 , 1798 , as part of the initial group of 104 townships established by the New Jersey Legislature . On February 25 , 1858 , it was reincorporated as Salem City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glasson_Dock", "text": "Glasson Dock , also known as Glasson , is a village in Lancashire , England , south of Lancaster at the mouth of the River Lune . In 2011 , it had a population of around 600 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Faiz_Subri", "text": "Mohd Faiz bin Subri ( born 8 November 1987 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Malaysia M3 League side Northern Lions F.C . Faiz is best known for his free-kick goal which won him the 2016 FIFA Puskás Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claremont,_Western_Australia", "text": "Claremont is a western suburb of Perth , Western Australia on the north bank of the Swan River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Chicago_Fire", "text": "The Great Chicago Fire was a conflagration that burned in the American city of Chicago during October 8-10 , 1871 . The fire killed approximately 300 people , destroyed roughly 3.3 square miles ( 9 km2 ) of the city , and left more than 100,000 residents homeless . The fire began in a neighborhood southwest of the city center . A long period of hot , dry , windy conditions , and the wooden construction prevalent in the city led to a conflagration . The fire leapt the south branch of the Chicago River and destroyed much of central Chicago and then leapt the main branch of the river , consuming the near north side . Help flowed to the city from near and far after the fire . The city government improved building codes to stop the rapid spread of future fires and rebuilt rapidly to those higher standards . A donation from the United Kingdom spurred the establishment of the Chicago Public Library , a free public library system , a contrast to the private , fee-for-membership libraries common before the fire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_Summer_Universiade", "text": "The 2015 Summer Universiade , officially known as the XXVIII Summer Universiade , was held in the city of Gwangju , South Korea . It took place from July 3 to July 14 , 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Guetta", "text": "Pierre David Guetta ( French pronunciation : ​ [ pjɛʁ david ɡɛta ] ; /ˈɡɛtə/ ; born 7 November 1967 ) is a French DJ , music programmer , record producer and songwriter . He has sold over nine million albums and thirty million singles worldwide . In 2011 , Guetta was voted as the number one DJ in the DJ Mag Top 100 DJs poll . In 2013 , Billboard crowned When Love Takes Over as the number one dance-pop collaboration of all time . Born and raised in Paris , he released his first album , Just a Little More Love , in 2002 . Later , he released Guetta Blaster ( 2004 ) and Pop Life ( 2007 ) . Guetta achieved mainstream success with his 2009 album One Love which included the hit singles When Love Takes Over , Gettin ' Over You , Sexy Bitch and Memories , the first three of which reached number one in the United Kingdom . The 2011 follow-up album , Nothing but the Beat , continued this success , containing the hit singles Where Them Girls At , Little Bad Girl , Without You , Titanium and Turn Me On . He has been called the grandfather of EDM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Örenäs_Castle", "text": "Örenäs Castle ( Swedish : Örenäs slott ) is a castle in Landskrona Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden . A German Boroque style castle approximately 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) from the center of Landskrona . The building as it looks today was raised in 1914-1918 . It 's now a hotel and conference centre with a public restaurant . During World War II Danish and Estonian refugees were hosted here . It is known to be the youngest castle in both Scania and Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Third_Eye_Blind", "text": "Third Eye Blind is an American rock band formed in San Francisco in 1993 . The songwriting duo of Stephan Jenkins and Kevin Cadogan signed the band 's first major-label recording contract with Elektra Records in 1996 , which was later reported as the largest publishing deal ever for an unsigned artist . The band released their self-titled debut album in 1997 , with the band largely consisting of Jenkins ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Cadogan ( lead guitar ) , Arion Salazar ( bass guitar ) , and Brad Hargreaves ( drums ) . Shortly after the release of the band 's second album in 1999 , Blue , with the same line-up , Cadogan was released from the band under controversial circumstances . The band continued , but with many line-up changes and gaps between album releases . The band released Out of the Vein in 2003 and Ursa Major in 2009 , with only Jenkins and Hargreaves as the remaining core members . The band 's current iteration , including Kryz Reid ( lead guitar ) , Alex Kopp ( keyboards ) , and Alex LeCavalier ( bass guitar ) , recorded the band 's fifth studio album , Dopamine , which was released in 2015 . The same lineup remained stable into 2018 , recording and releasing the 2016 EP We Are Drugs and the 2018 cover song EP Thanks for Everything . After Kopp 's departure in 2019 , a sixth studio album , Screamer , was released on October 18 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Broadcasting_Company", "text": "The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American commercial broadcast radio and television network owned by the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company . The network is headquartered in Burbank , California , on Riverside Drive , directly across the street from Walt Disney Studios and adjacent to the Roy E. Disney Animation Building . The network 's secondary offices , and headquarters of its news division , is in New York City , at its broadcast center at 77 West 66th Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . Since 2007 , when ABC Radio ( also known as Cumulus Media Networks ) was sold to Citadel Broadcasting , ABC has reduced its broadcasting operations almost exclusively to television . It is the fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks . ABC is nicknamed The Alphabet Network , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order . ABC launched as a radio network on October 12 , 1943 , serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network , which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble . It extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks CBS and NBC . In the mid-1950s , ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres , a chain of movie theaters that formerly operated as a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures . Leonard Goldenson , who had been the head of UPT , made the new television network profitable by helping develop and greenlight many successful series . In the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 percent interest in cable sports channel ESPN , the network 's corporate parent , American Broadcasting Companies , Inc. , merged with Capital Cities Communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . In 1996 , most of Capital Cities/ABC 's assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Friz_Freleng", "text": "Isadore Friz Freleng ( August 21 , 1906 - May 26 , 1995 ) , often credited as I. Freleng , was an American animator , cartoonist , director , producer , and composer known for his work at Warner Bros. Cartoons on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons . He introduced and/or developed several of the studio 's biggest stars , including Bugs Bunny , Porky Pig , Tweety , Sylvester the Cat , Yosemite Sam ( to whom he was said to bear more than a passing resemblance ) , and Speedy Gonzales . The senior director at Warners ' Termite Terrace studio , Freleng directed more cartoons than any other director in the studio ( a total of 266 ) , and is also the most honored of the Warner directors , having won five Academy Awards and three Emmy Awards [ disputed - discuss ] . After Warners closed down the animation studio in 1963 , Freleng and business partner David H. DePatie founded DePatie-Freleng Enterprises , which produced cartoons ( including The Pink Panther Show ) , feature film title sequences , and Saturday-morning cartoons through the early 1980s . The nickname Friz came from his friend , Hugh Harman , who initially nicknamed him Congressman Frizby after a fictional senator who appeared in satirical pieces in the Los Angeles Examiner . Over time , this shortened to Friz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Aurèlia_Capmany", "text": "Maria Aurelia Capmany i Farnés ( Barcelona , 3 August 1918 - 2 October 1991 ) was a Catalan novelist , playwright and essayist of Catalan descent . She was also a prominent feminist cultural and anti-Franco activist . Along with the writers Manuel de Pedrolo , Jordi Sarsanedas , Joan Perucho , and Josep Maria Espinàs , Capmany co-authored , Cita de narradors ( Rendezvous of Narrators ) ( 1958 ) , which was awarded the Josep Yxart Essay Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nisa_(village)", "text": "Nisa ( Ancient Greek : Νῖσος and Νίσα and Νίσαιον ) ( also Parthaunisa ) was an ancient settlement of the Iranian peoples , located near ( modern-day ) Bagir village , 18 km southwest of Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . Nisa is described by some as the first seat of central government of the Parthians . It is traditionally assumed to have been founded by Arsaces I ( reigned c. 250 BC-211 BC ) and was reputedly the royal residence of the Parthian kings , although it has not been established that the fortress at Nisa was either a royal residence or a mausoleum . In 2007 , the fortress was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latrobe_Football_Club", "text": "The Latrobe Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the town of Latrobe in northern Tasmania . The club competed in the North West Football Union throughout the competition 's entire existence from 1910 until 1986 , and has competed in its successor , the North West Football League , since 1987 . Latrobe was one of the most successful NWFU clubs , and its tally of 12 premierships is a joint record shared with Burnie and Ulverstone . It was the only club to win four successive NWFU premierships , achieved from 1969 to 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Bowl_VII", "text": "Super Bowl VII was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Miami Dolphins and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Washington Redskins to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 1972 season . The Dolphins defeated the Redskins by the score of 14-7 , and became the first and still the only team in NFL history to complete a perfect undefeated season . They also remain the only Super Bowl champion to win despite having been shut out in the second half of the game . The game was played on January 14 , 1973 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles , the second time the Super Bowl was played in that city . At kickoff , the temperature was 84 °F ( 29 °C ) , making the game the warmest Super Bowl . This was the Dolphins ' second Super Bowl appearance ; they had lost Super Bowl VI to Dallas the previous year . The Dolphins posted an undefeated 14-0 regular season record before defeating the Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers in the playoffs . The Redskins were making their first Super Bowl appearance after posting an 11-3 regular-season record and playoff victories over the Green Bay Packers and Dallas Cowboys . Despite being undefeated , the Dolphins were actually one-point underdogs , largely based on the weakness of their regular-season schedule . Super Bowl VII was largely dominated by the Dolphins , and is the second-lowest-scoring Super Bowl to date with a total of only 21 points ( three touchdowns and three extra points ) , second only to the 13-3 score of Super Bowl LIII . The only real drama occurred during the final minutes of the game , in what was later known as Garo 's Gaffe . Miami attempted to cap their 17-0 perfect season with a 17-0 shutout by means of a 42-yard field goal by Garo Yepremian , but instead the game and the season was jeopardized when his kick was blocked ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beijing", "text": "Beijing ( /ˌbeɪˈdʒɪŋ/ BAY-JING , /ˌbeɪˈʒɪŋ/ BAY-ZHING ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ pèi.tɕíŋ ] ( listen ) ) , formerly romanized as Peking ( /ˌpiːˈkɪŋ/ PEE-KING ) , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China , the world 's third most populous city proper , and most populous capital city . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the central government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together , the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China . Beijing is an important world capital and global power city , and one of the world 's leading centers for culture , diplomacy and politics , business and economy , education , language , and science and technology . A megacity , Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation 's cultural , educational , and political center . It is home to the headquarters of most of China 's largest state-owned companies and houses the largest number of Fortune Global 500 companies in the world , as well as the world 's four biggest financial institutions . It is also a major hub for the national highway , expressway , railway , and high-speed rail networks . The Beijing Capital International Airport has been the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic since 2010 , and , as of 2016 [ update ] , the city 's subway network is the busiest and longest in the world . Combining both modern and traditional architecture , Beijing is one of the oldest cities in the world , with a rich history dating back three millennia . As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China , Beijing has been the political center of the country for most of the past eight centuries , and was the largest city in the world by population for much of the second millennium AD . Encyclopædia Britannica notes that few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural center of an area as immense as China . With mountains surrounding the inland city on three sides , in addition to the old inner and outer city walls , Beijing was strategically poised and developed to be the residence of the emperor and thus was the perfect location for the imperial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_South_Carolina", "text": "The University of South Carolina ( USC , UofSC , SC , or simply Carolina ) is a public research university in Columbia , South Carolina . It has seven satellite campuses throughout the state and its main campus covers over 359 acres ( 145 ha ) in downtown Columbia not far from the South Carolina State House . The university is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities with Highest Research Activity . It also houses the largest collection of Robert Burns and Scottish literature materials outside Scotland , and the world 's largest Ernest Hemingway collection . Founded in 1801 as South Carolina College , USC is the flagship institution of the University of South Carolina System and offers more than 350 programs of study , leading to bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees from fourteen degree-granting colleges and schools . The University of South Carolina has a total enrollment of approximately 52,000 students , with over 35,000 on the main Columbia campus as of fall 2019 - making it the largest university in the Carolinas . USC also has several thousand future students in feeder programs at surrounding technical colleges . Professional schools on the Columbia campus include business , engineering , law , medicine , pharmacy , and social work ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NRL_Mascot_Mania", "text": "NRL Mascot Mania is a National Rugby League video game , developed by Wicked Witch Software for Nintendo DS . It was released in July 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Township,_Michigan", "text": "Jordan Township is a civil township of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was 992 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rune_Westberg", "text": "Rune Westberg is a Danish songwriter , record producer , and mixer from Los Angeles . He has written and produced for artists including Adam Lambert , Colbie Caillat , Daughtry , Prince Royce , Jesse & Joy , Rachel Platten , Nina Nesbitt , Alvaro Soler , Haley Reinhart , Better Than Ezra , Reece Mastin , Bonnie Anderson , Casey Abrams , Kris Allen , Jessica Sanchez , The Saturdays , David Cook , Tegan Marie , Axelle Red , Kristinia DeBarge , Hedley , Natalie Grant , Brooke White , The JaneDear Girls , MoZella , Tiffany Page , Our Lady Peace , Beth Hart , Hiroko , Tyler Hilton , Jason Reeves , Alphabeat , Saybia , Carpark North , Tue West , Magtens Korridorer , Poul Krebs and Mani Spinx . He released a solo album in 2001 , entitled Rune Westberg . Along with Chad Kroeger , Eric Dill and Chris Daughtry , Westberg co-wrote No Surprise , a single on Daughtry 's second album Leave This Town . The song debuted on American Idol on May 6 , 2009 . Westberg won a BMI award for the song in 2010 . In 2016 , he was nominated for a Latin Grammy for best song of the year with Ecos De Amor performed by Jesse & Joy"}
{"title": "/wiki/Spitshine", "text": "Spitshine is the third studio album by Australian hip hop artist and member of The Herd , Urthboy . It was released on 28 August 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ohio", "text": "Ohio /oʊˈhaɪoʊ/ ( listen ) is a state in the East North Central region of the Midwestern United States . Of the fifty states , it is the 34th largest by area , the seventh most populous , and the tenth most densely populated . The state 's capital and largest city is Columbus . Ohio is bordered by Lake Erie to the north , Pennsylvania to the east , West Virginia to the southeast , Kentucky to the southwest , Indiana to the west , and Michigan to the northwest . The state takes its name from the Ohio River , whose name in turn originated from the Seneca word ohiːyo ' , meaning good river , great river or large creek . Partitioned from the Northwest Territory , Ohio was the 17th state admitted to the Union on March 1 , 1803 , and the first under the Northwest Ordinance . Ohio is historically known as the Buckeye State after its Ohio buckeye trees , and Ohioans are also known as Buckeyes . Ohio rose from the wilderness of Ohio Country west of Appalachia in colonial times through the Northwest Indian Wars as part of the Northwest Territory in the early frontier , to become the first non-colonial free state admitted to the union , to an industrial powerhouse in the 20th century before transitioning to a more information and service based economy in the 21st . The government of Ohio is composed of the executive branch , led by the governor ; the legislative branch , which comprises the bicameral Ohio General Assembly ; and the judicial branch , led by the state Supreme Court . Ohio occupies 16 seats in the United States House of Representatives . Ohio is known for its status as both a swing state and a bellwether in national elections . Seven presidents of the United States have been elected who had Ohio as their home state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Killer_Queen", "text": "Killer Queen is a song by the British rock band Queen . It was written by lead singer Freddie Mercury and recorded for their third album Sheer Heart Attack in 1974 . It reached number two in the UK Singles Chart and became their first US hit , reaching number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100 . The song is about a high-class call girl and has been characterised as Mercury 's piano-led paean to a Moët-quaffing courtesan . In 1975 , Mercury received an Ivor Novello Award from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors . The song is included in Queen 's first Greatest Hits compilation from 1981 , and Absolute Greatest ( 2009 ) . It is also recorded on the live albums Live Killers and Queen Rock Montreal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Rangers", "text": "The New York Rangers are a professional ice hockey team based in New York City . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The team plays its home games at Madison Square Garden in the borough of Manhattan , an arena they share with the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . They are one of three NHL teams located in the New York metropolitan area ; the others being the New Jersey Devils and New York Islanders . Founded in 1926 by Tex Rickard , the Rangers are one of the Original Six teams that competed in the NHL before its 1967 expansion , along with the Boston Bruins , Chicago Blackhawks , Detroit Red Wings , Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs . The team attained success early on under the guidance of Lester Patrick , who coached a team containing Frank Boucher , Murray Murdoch , and Bun and Bill Cook to Stanley Cup glory in 1928 , making them the first NHL franchise in the United States to win the trophy . The team would then go onto win two additional Stanley Cups in 1933 and 1940 . Following this initial grace period , the franchise struggled between the 1940s and 1960s , whereby playoff appearances and success was infrequent . The team enjoyed a mini renaissance in the 1970s , where they made the Stanley Cup finals twice , albeit , losing to the Bruins in 1972 and the Canadiens in 1979 . The Rangers subsequently embraced a rebuild for much of the 1980s and early 1990s , which eventually paid dividends , where the team , led by Mark Messier , Brian Leetch , Adam Graves , and Mike Richter , captured their fourth Stanley Cup in 1994 . The team was unable to duplicate that success in the years that followed , and entered into another period of mediocrity . They endured a franchise-record seven-year postseason drought from 1998 to 2005 , and languished for the majority of the 2000s before enjoying another period of prosperity after the 2004-05 NHL Lockout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KTP-Basket", "text": "Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat Basket , shortly KTP Basket , is the largely independent basketball team of Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat , a Finnish sports club based in Kotka , and has played in the Korisliiga since 1957 . The club has won the Finnish championship six times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerzy_Stuhr", "text": "Jerzy Oskar Stuhr ( Polish pronunciation : [ ˈjɛʐɨ ˈʂtur ] ; born 18 April 1947 ) is one of the most popular , influential and versatile Polish film and theatre actors . He also works as a screenwriter , film director and drama professor . He served as the Rector of the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Kraków for two terms : from 1990 to 1996 and again from 2002 to 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miroslav_Bojko", "text": "Miroslav Bojko ( born 30 September 1971 ) is a Croatian football manager and former player who currently manages Croatian Second Football League team Dugopolje ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colbie_Caillat", "text": "Colbie Marie Caillat ( /ˈkoʊlbi kəˈleɪ/ ( listen ) ; born May 28 , 1985 ) is an American singer-songwriter . Caillat rose to fame through social networking website Myspace . At that time , she was the number one unsigned artist of her genre . After signing with Universal Republic Records , she released her debut album , Coco , in July 2007 . The album included the hit singles Bubbly and Realize , and has sold 2,060,000 copies in the US , and is certified 2x Platinum . In 2008 she recorded a duet with Jason Mraz , Lucky , which won a Grammy Award . In August 2009 she released Breakthrough , her second album , which became her first album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 . It has been certified gold by the RIAA . Breakthrough was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2010 Grammy Awards . She was also part of the group that won Album of the Year at the 2010 Grammy Awards for her background vocals and writing on Taylor Swift 's Fearless album . In July 2011 she released her third studio album , All of You . In October 2012 she released her first Christmas album , Christmas in the Sand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Antonio,_TX", "text": "San Antonio ( /ˌsæn ænˈtoʊnioʊ/ ; from Spanish , Saint Anthony , Spanish pronunciation : [ sa.n‿anˈto.njo ] ) , officially the City of San Antonio , is the seventh-most populous city in the United States , and the second-most populous city in both Texas and the Southern United States , with more than 1.5 million residents . Founded as a Spanish mission and colonial outpost in 1718 , the city became the first chartered civil settlement in present-day Texas in 1731 . The area was still part of the Spanish Empire , and later of the Mexican Republic . It is the state 's oldest municipality , having celebrated its 300th anniversary on May 1 , 2018 . The city 's deep history is contrasted with its rapid growth over the past few decades . It was the fastest-growing of the top ten largest cities in the United States from 2000 to 2010 , and the second from 1990 to 2000 . Straddling the regional divide between South and Central Texas , San Antonio anchors the southwestern corner of an urban megaregion colloquially known as the Texas Triangle . The Greater San Antonio and Greater Austin areas are separated from each other by 80 miles along Interstate 35 between which lie the city of New Braunfels , Texas . San Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County ; San Antonio is the center of the San Antonio-New Braunfels metropolitan statistical area . Commonly called Greater San Antonio , the metro area has a population of 2,473,974 based on the 2017 U.S. census estimate , making it the 24th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and third-largest in Texas . San Antonio was named by a 1691 Spanish expedition for Saint Anthony of Padua , whose feast day is June 13 . The city contains five 18th-century Spanish frontier missions , including The Alamo and San Antonio Missions National Historical Park , which together were designated UNESCO World Heritage sites in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Volkswagen_Motorsport", "text": "The Volkswagen Motorsport is a works rally team of the German car manufacturer Volkswagen , whom competed in the World Rally Championship ( WRC ) and Dakar Rally . The team started competing in WRC in 1978 and used different specs of Volkswagen Golfs before leaving the sport in 1990 . Volkswagen competed at the Dakar Rally from 2003 to 2011 , claiming three overall wins . The team made its WRC comeback in 2011 Rally Finland with a pair of Škoda Fabia S2000s , and competed with the Volkswagen Polo R WRC from the start of the 2013 World Rally Championship season to the end of the 2016 World Rally Championship season . At the end of the 2016 season , Volkswagen Motorsport decided to withdraw from the FIA World Rally Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2008", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2008 were held in Calgary , Alberta , Canada on the weekend ending 6 April 2008 . These ceremonies honoured music industry achievements in Canada in the latter part of 2006 and in most of 2007 . Country performer and multiple Juno Award winner Paul Brandt received the 2008 Humanitarian Award which is now named after CHUM-FM Radio founder , Allan Waters . Moses Znaimer , who led the development of Citytv and MuchMusic , received the Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award . Nominations for all remaining categories were announced on 5 February 2008. Notable among winners was Feist , winning all five awards in her nominated categories , three of which were presented in the televised gala ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woman_Holding_a_Balance", "text": "Woman Holding a Balance , also called Woman Testing a Balance , is an oil painting by Dutch Golden Age artist Johannes Vermeer . At one time the painting , completed 1662-1663 , was known as Woman Weighing Gold , but closer evaluation has determined that the balance in her hand is empty . Opinions on the theme and symbolism of the painting differ , with the woman alternatively viewed as a symbol of holiness or earthliness ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_Ferrara", "text": "Jerry Charles Ferrara ( born November 25 , 1979 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Turtle on the HBO comedy series Entourage , and starred on the STARZ drama series Power as Joe Proctor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coop_Norrbotten_Arena", "text": "Coop Norrbotten Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Luleå , Sweden . The seating capacity of the arena is 6,300 , and it is the home arena of the Luleå HF ice hockey team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Htilominlo_Temple", "text": "Htilominlo Temple ( Burmese : ထီးလိုမင်းလိုဘုရား , pronounced [ tʰílòmɪ́ɰ̃lò pʰəjá ] ) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan ( formerly Pagan ) , in Burma/Myanmar , built during the reign of King Htilominlo ( also known as Nandaungmya ) , 1211-1231.:183 The temple is three stories tall , with a height of 46 metres ( 151 ft ) , and built with red brick . It is also known for its elaborate plaster moldings . On the first floor of the temple , there are four Buddhas that face each direction . The temple was damaged in the 1975 earthquake and subsequently repaired ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saginaw,_Michigan", "text": "Saginaw ( /ˈsæɡɪnɔː/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the seat of Saginaw County . The city of Saginaw and Saginaw County are both in the area known as Mid-Michigan . Saginaw is adjacent to Saginaw Charter Township and considered part of the Great Lakes Bay Region , along with neighboring Bay City , Midland and Mount Pleasant . The Saginaw County MSA had a population of 196,542 in 2013 . The city is also the largest municipality in the Saginaw , Midland , and Bay City Metropolitan Area . Saginaw was a thriving lumber town in the 19th century and an important industrial city and manufacturing center throughout much of the 20th century . During the late 20th century , its industry and strong manufacturing presence declined , leading to increased unemployment , crime , and a population decline . Neighboring communities , such as Saginaw Charter Township , saw subsequent population increases while the city itself is projected to return to normal population growth after the decades-long structural changes to the economy . Economic development is focused on comparative advantages in innovation , clean energy , and continued manufacturing exports . The city continues to have a higher proportion of manufacturing jobs than the US average ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronald_George_Wreyford_Norrish", "text": "Ronald George Wreyford Norrish FRS ( 9 November 1897 - 7 June 1978 ) was a British chemist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silk_Road", "text": "The Silk Road was a network of trade routes which connected the East and West , and was central to the economic , cultural , political , and religious interactions between these regions from the 2nd century BCE to the 18th century . The Silk Road primarily refers to the land routes connecting East Asia and Southeast Asia with South Asia , Persia , the Arabian Peninsula , East Africa and Southern Europe . The Silk Road derives its name from the lucrative trade in silk carried out along its length , beginning in the Han dynasty in China ( 207 BCE-220 CE ) . The Han dynasty expanded the Central Asian section of the trade routes around 114 BCE through the missions and explorations of the Chinese imperial envoy Zhang Qian , as well as several military conquests . The Chinese took great interest in the security of their trade products , and extended the Great Wall of China to ensure the protection of the trade route . The Silk Road trade played a significant role in the development of the civilizations of China , Korea , Japan , the Indian subcontinent , Iran , Europe , the Horn of Africa and Arabia , opening long-distance political and economic relations between the civilizations . Though silk was the major trade item exported from China , many other goods and ideas were exchanged , including religions ( especially Buddhism ) , syncretic philosophies , sciences , and technologies like paper and gunpowder . So in addition to economic trade , the Silk Road was a route for cultural trade among the civilizations along its network . Diseases , most notably plague , also spread along the Silk Road . In June 2014 , UNESCO designated the Chang'an-Tianshan corridor of the Silk Road as a World Heritage Site . The Indian portion is on the tentative site list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caleb_Swanigan", "text": "Caleb Sylvester Swanigan ( born April 18 , 1997 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Purdue Boilermakers . He was ranked among the top prep players in the national class of 2015 by Rivals.com , Scout.com and ESPN . He completed his senior season in the 2014-15 academic year for Homestead High School , who went on to win the first state championship in the school 's history . Swanigan was named Indiana 's Mr. Basketball and a McDonald 's All-American . Swanigan originally committed to Michigan State University , but later decommitted and committed to Purdue University . He was named Big Ten Freshman of the Week three times , a record at Purdue . He was also named to the Big Ten All-Freshman Team and also received a National Freshman of the Week award . Swanigan finished the season with 10.2 points per game and 8.3 rebounds per game . During his sophomore year , Swanigan was named the Big Ten Player of the Year and first-team All-Big Ten , and was a unanimous first-team All-American . He was a finalist for the 2017 Karl Malone Award , given to the nation 's top power forward . On June 22 , 2017 , he was selected 26th overall in the first round of the 2017 NBA draft by the Portland Trail Blazers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milbridge,_Maine", "text": "Milbridge is a town in Washington County , Maine , United States at the mouth of the Narraguagus River . The population was 1,353 at the 2010 census . The town was incorporated in 1848 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_FIFA_Futsal_World_Championship", "text": "The 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship was the fifth FIFA Futsal World Championship , the quadrennial international futsal championship contested by the men 's national teams of the member associations of FIFA . It was held between 21 November and 5 December 2004 in Chinese Taipei . It was the first FIFA tournament held in the country and was the last to feature 16 teams . Spain won their second successive title , defeating Italy in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surrey", "text": "Surrey ( /ˈsʌri/ SURR-ee ) is a county in South East England which borders Kent to the east , East Sussex to the southeast , West Sussex to the south , Hampshire to the west , Berkshire to the northwest , and Greater London to the northeast . With about 1.2 million people , Surrey is the twelfth most populous English county , the third most populous home county , after Kent and Essex , and the third most populous in the Southeast , after Hampshire and Kent . Surrey is a wealthy county . It has the highest GDP per capita of any English county , some of the highest property values outside Inner London , and also the highest cost of living outside the capital . It has the highest proportion of woodland of counties in England . It has four horse racing courses , and golf courses including the international competition venue at Wentworth . Guildford is popularly regarded as the county town , although Surrey County Council is based extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames . Surrey is divided into eleven districts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ningbo", "text": "Ningbo ( Chinese : 宁波 ; Ningbonese pronunciation : [ ɲìɲ.póʔ ] , Standard Mandarin pronunciation : [ nǐŋ pwó ] ( listen ) ) , formerly romanized as Ningpo , is a sub-provincial city in northeast Zhejiang province , People 's Republic of China . It comprises the urban districts of Ningbo proper , three satellite cities , and a number of rural counties including islands in Hangzhou Bay and the East China Sea . Its port , the port of Ningbo-Zhoushan , spread across several locations , is among the busiest in the world and the municipality possesses a separate state-planning status . As of the 2010 census , the entire administrated area had a population of 7.6 million , with 3.5 million in the six urban districts of Ningbo proper . To the north , Hangzhou Bay separates Ningbo from Shanghai ; to the east lies Zhoushan in the East China Sea ; on the west and south , Ningbo borders Shaoxing and Taizhou respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_Ashes_series", "text": "The 2019 Ashes series ( officially the Specsavers Ashes Series for sponsorship reasons ) was a series of Test cricket matches played between England and Australia for The Ashes in August and September 2019 . The venues were Edgbaston , Lord 's , Headingley , Old Trafford and The Oval . Australia were the defending holders of the Ashes going into the series , having won in 2017-18 . It was the first Test series of the inaugural 2019-21 ICC World Test Championship . During the second Test match a concussion substitute was used for the first time in international cricket . Australia retained the Ashes after winning the fourth Test , with England levelling the series 2-2 in the final test , resulting in the first drawn Ashes series since 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajko_Magić", "text": "Rajko Magić ( ; born February 3 , 1955 in Čakovec ) is a Croatian football manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zeresenay_Alemseged", "text": "Zeresenay ( Zeray ) Alemseged ( born 4 June 1969 ) is an Ethiopian paleoanthropologist and was Chair of the Anthropology Department at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco , United States . He recently joined the faculty of the University of Chicago . He is best known for his discovery , on December 10 , 2000 , of Selam , also referred to as Lucys child , the almost-complete fossilized remains of a 3.3 million-year-old child of the species Australopithecus afarensis . The worlds oldest child , she is the most complete skeleton of a human ancestor discovered to date . Selam represents a milestone in our understanding of human and pre-human evolution and contributes significantly to our understanding of the biology and childhood of early species in the human lineage ; a subject about which we have very little information . Alemseged discovered Selam while working with the Dikika Research Project ( DRP ) , a multi-national research project , which he both initiated in 1999 and leads . The DRP has thus far made many important paleoanthropological discoveries and returns to the field each year to conduct further important research . Alemseged 's specific research centers on the discovery and interpretation of hominin fossil remains and their environments , with emphasis on fieldwork designed to acquire new data on early hominin skeletal biology , environmental context , and behavior ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Edwards_(hymnist)", "text": "John David Edwards ( 19 December 1805 - 24 November 1885 ) was a Welsh cleric and hymn-tune composer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Girl_in_the_Bunker", "text": "Girl in the Bunker is a 2018 TV film that aired on Lifetime that told about the kidnapping of Elizabeth Shoaf at the hands of Vinson Filyaw . The film stars Julia Lalonde , Henry Thomas , and Moira Kelly . On June 3 , 2018 , a Special Edition of the TV movie was released that featured interview clips from the Girl in the Bunker : The Elizabeth Shoaf Story which followed its premiere ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Centre_College", "text": "Centre College is a private liberal arts college in Danville , Kentucky . It is an undergraduate college with an enrollment of approximately 1,400 students . Centre was founded by Presbyterian leaders , and it maintains a loose affiliation with the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) . It was officially chartered by the Kentucky General Assembly in 1819 . The college is a member of the Associated Colleges of the South and the Association of Presbyterian Colleges and Universities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas", "text": "Texas ( /ˈtɛksəs/ , locally /ˈtɛksɪz/ ; Spanish : Texas or Tejas , pronounced [ ˈtexas ] ( listen ) ) is the second largest state in the United States by area ( after Alaska ) and population ( after California ) . Located in the South Central region , Texas shares borders with the states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , and has a coastline with the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast . Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth largest in the U.S. , while San Antonio is the second-most populous in the state and seventh largest in the U.S. Dallas-Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country , respectively . Other major cities include Austin , the second-most populous state capital in the U.S. , and El Paso . Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State for its former status as an independent republic , and as a reminder of the state 's struggle for independence from Mexico . The Lone Star can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal . The origin of Texas 's name is from the word taysha , which means friends in the Caddo language . Due to its size and geologic features such as the Balcones Fault , Texas contains diverse landscapes common to both the U.S. Southern and Southwestern regions . Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10% of Texas 's land area is desert . Most of the population centers are in areas of former prairies , grasslands , forests , and the coastline . Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend . The term six flags over Texas [ note 1 ] refers to several nations that have ruled over the territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Björn_Nordqvist", "text": "Björn Axel Göte Nordqvist ( born 6 October 1942 , in Hallsberg ) is a former football defender from Sweden . During the 1960s and 1970s he was the Swedish national team captain . He played at the 1970 FIFA World Cup , 1974 FIFA World Cup and 1978 FIFA World Cup and in total amassed 115 international matches , which was a world record at the time . Nordqvist has later been surpassed even as Swedish record holder , by Thomas Ravelli and others . On club level , Nordqvist became Swedish league champion with IFK Norrköping as well as Dutch league and cup champion with PSV Eindhoven . He was awarded Guldbollen in 1968 and has been inducted to the Hall of Fame of Swedish football . Nordqvist also played ice hockey and bandy on a national level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1908_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1908 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geordie_(film)", "text": "Geordie ( released in the United States as Wee Geordie ) is a 1955 British film directed and co-produced by Frank Launder , with Bill Travers in the title role as a Scotsman who becomes an athlete and competes at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne . The film is based on David Walker 's 1950 novel of the same title , adapted for the screen by Launder and his co-producer Sidney Gilliat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Wagner", "text": "Robert John Wagner Jr. ( born February 10 , 1930 ) is an American actor of stage , screen , and television , best known for starring in the television shows It Takes a Thief ( 1968-1970 ) , Switch ( 1975-1978 ) , and Hart to Hart ( 1979-1984 ) . He also had a recurring role as Teddy Leopold on the TV sitcom Two and a Half Men and has a recurring role as Anthony DiNozzo Sr. on the police procedural NCIS . In movies , Wagner is known for his role as Number 2 in the Austin Powers trilogy of films ( 1997 , 1999 , 2002 ) , as well as for A Kiss Before Dying , The Pink Panther , Harper , The Towering Inferno and many more . In 2018 , Wagner was named a person of interest in an ongoing investigation into the mysterious drowning death of his wife , Natalie Wood , in 1981 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lou_Marsh_Trophy", "text": "The Lou Marsh Trophy , also known as the Lou Marsh Memorial Trophy and Lou Marsh Award , is a trophy that is awarded annually to Canada 's top athlete , professional or amateur . It is awarded by a panel of journalists , with the vote taking place in December . It was first awarded in 1936 . It is named in honour of Lou Marsh , a prominent Canadian athlete , referee , and former sports editor of the Toronto Star . Marsh died in 1936 and the trophy was named in his honour . The trophy is made of black marble and stands around 75 centimetres high . The words With Pick and Shovel appear above the engraved names of the winners . The voting panel consists of sports media voters from across the country including representatives from the Toronto Star , The Canadian Press , FAN590 , The Globe and Mail , CBC , Rogers Sportsnet , CTV/TSN , La Presse and the National Post . The Trophy has been awarded 79 times and won by 62 individual athletes and three pairs ; in the voting for the 2018 Lou Marsh Trophy , it was decided that in the future pairs should not be eligible for the trophy , thereby disqualifying Tessa Virtue / Scott Moir from consideration . Wayne Gretzky has won the trophy four times , more than any other athlete , while Barbara Ann Scott has won the trophy three times , more than any other woman . It was not awarded from 1942 to 1944 due to World War II . There were ties between different athletes in 1978 and 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murray_U18", "text": "The Murray Bushrangers is an Australian rules football team playing in Victorian statewide under-18s competition , presently known as the NAB League , since 1993 based in Wangaratta . The team trains on Norm Minns Oval . The team is coached by Leon Higgins . Guernsey colors are Black , Purple and Yellow , with black socks and black ( home ) or white ( away ) shorts . The Bushrangers have produced some of the current elite Australian Football League players through the AFL Draft including Daniel Cross , Brett Deledio , Steele Sidebottom , Steve Johnson , Jarrad Waite , Kayne Pettifer , Justin Koschitzke , Hamish McIntosh , Barry Hall , Fraser Gehrig , Ben Mathews , Steven King , Robert Campbell , Alipate Carlile , David Mundy & Shannon Byrnes"}
{"title": "/wiki/CAPE_(Co-operative_Academy_of_Professional_Education)", "text": "The Co-operative Academy of Professional Education ( CAPE ) of Kerala , India , is an educational institutions in professional fields to provide facilities for education and training . CAPE is promoted by the Co-operation Department of the Government of Kerala and is an autonomous society under the Government of Kerala . The society is registered under the Travancore-Cochin Literary , Scientific and Charitable Societies Act , 1955 on the basis of the Memorandum of Association and the rules as approved by the Government of Kerala . The Chief Minister of Kerala , Shri . Pinarayi Vijayan is the ex-officio chairman of the society . The Minister for Co-operation , Tourism , Devaswoms , Shri . Kadakampally Surendran is the ex-officio vice-chairman of the society and the chairman of its board of governors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_McDaniel", "text": "Edward McDaniel ( born March 23 , 1969 ) is a former American football linebacker in the NFL . He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings , 5th round ( 125th overall ) of the 1992 Draft . He spent his entire professional career with the Minnesota Vikings . McDaniel is a co-owner of D1 Sports Training in Greenville , South Carolina . He resides in a suburb of the Twin Cities in Minnesota and owns a number of apartment buildings in Minneapolis and St. Paul . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Prak_Vuthy", "text": "Prak Vuthy is the current manager of the Electricite du Cambodge football team which plays in the top division of Cambodian football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SpongeBob_vs._The_Big_One", "text": "SpongeBob SquarePants vs . The Big One is the 18th episode of the sixth season and the 118th overall episode of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants . The episode was written by Aaron Springer who also directed the storyboards , Paul Tibbitt , and Steven Banks , and the animation was directed by Andrew Overtoom and supervising director , Alan Smart . The episode was part of the series ' tenth anniversary celebration in 2009 . It features guest appearances by Johnny Depp as the voice of Jack Kahuna Laguna , Bruce Brown as the narrator , and Davy Jones as himself . It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on April 17 , 2009 . The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom . In this episode , SpongeBob and his friends - Patrick , Squidward , Mr. Krabs , and Sandy - are swept away by a giant wave . They get separated from each other ; SpongeBob , Patrick , and Squidward find themselves stranded on a remote tropical island . To get back home to Bikini Bottom , they search for Jack Kahuna Laguna , a surf guru who can teach them the gnarly surf moves to hit the elusive wave , The Big One , in order to return home . Upon premiere , the episode pulled an average of 5.8 million viewers , and met positive reviews . On March 3 , 2009 , the DVD and the video game based on the episode was released simultaneously ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_California_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss California Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of California in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is part of the Miss Universe Organization , owned by William Morris Endeavor ( also known as WME ) . [ citation needed ] California is in the top 5 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Miss California Teen USA titleholders have been invited to red-carpet movie premieres , such as that for Santa Clause 3 attended by Kylee Lin , and She 's the Man , attended by Jessica Powell . Zoe Hunt of Coronado , California was crowned Miss California Teen USA 2020 on January 26 , 2020 at Arcadia Performing Arts Center in Arcadia . She will represent California for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ministry_of_Defence_(Russia)", "text": "The Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation ( Russian : Министерство обороны Российской Федерации , Минобороны России , informally abbreviated as МО , МО РФ or Minoboron ) is the governing body of the Russian Armed Forces . The President of Russia is the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation and directs the activity of the Ministry . The Defence Minister exercises day-to-day administrative and operational authority over the armed forces . The General Staff executes the president 's and the defence minister 's instructions and orders . The main building of the ministry , built in the 1940s , is located on Arbatskaya Square , near Arbat Street . Other buildings of the ministry are located throughout the city of Moscow . The supreme body responsible for the Ministry 's management and supervision of the Armed Forces is The National Defense Management Center ( Национальный центр управления обороной РФ ) located on Frunze Naberezhnaya and responsible for the centralization of the Armed Forces ' command . The current Russian Minister of Defence is Sergey Shoygu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bomfunk_MC's", "text": "The Bomfunk MC 's is a Finnish hip hop group that was active between 1998 and 2005 , before reuniting in 2018 . The group 's front man is the rapper B.O . Dubb ( born Raymond Ebanks , and formerly known as B.O.W . ) , and the main producer is Jaakko JS16 Salovaara ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1895_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1895 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1993_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1993 Big Sky Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was the eighteenth edition , held March 11-13 at the Kibbie Dome at the University of Idaho in Moscow , Idaho . Boise State defeated regular season champion and host Idaho in the final , 80-68 , to clinch their third Big Sky tournament title ( 1976 , 1988 , 1993 ) . The game was televised on ESPN , with a tipoff after 9 pm PST ( midnight EST ) . Fourth-seed Montana was attempting to win a third straight title , but was upset in the quarterfinals . It was the first Big Sky tournament in Moscow in eleven years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Candace_Parker", "text": "Candace Nicole Parker ( born April 19 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . She was the first overall pick in the 2008 WNBA Draft . In 2016 , along with other stars such as Alana Beard and Nneka Ogwumike , Parker helped the Sparks to win their first WNBA Finals title since 2002 . In high school , Parker won the 2003 and 2004 Gatorade National Girls Basketball Player of the Year awards , becoming just the second junior and the only woman to receive the award twice . A versatile player , Parker mainly plays the forward position . In college she was listed on Tennessee 's roster as a forward , center and guard . Parker was the first woman to dunk in an NCAA tournament game and the first woman to dunk twice in a college game . She set both milestones as a redshirt freshman on March 19 , 2006 . Parker became the second player to dunk in a WNBA game on June 22 , 2008 . Prior to her first WNBA game , Parker had signed long-term endorsement deals with Adidas and Gatorade . In leading the Lady Vols to two consecutive national championships , Parker was named the Final Four 's most outstanding player in both occasions , and was a two-time consensus national player of the year . Parker has won a WNBA championship ( 2016 ) , two WNBA Most Valuable Player Awards ( 2008 , 2013 ) , WNBA Finals MVP Award ( 2016 ) , WNBA All-Star Game MVP ( 2013 ) , two Olympic gold medals ( 2008 , 2012 ) , and the WNBA Rookie of the Year Award ( 2008 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Chesnut,_Jr.", "text": "James Chesnut Jr. ( January 18 , 1815 - February 1 , 1885 ) was an American politician who served as a Deputy from South Carolina to the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States from 1861 to 1862 . He also served as a senior officer of the Confederate States Army in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War . Chesnut , a lawyer prominent in South Carolina state politics , served as a Democratic senator in 1858-60 , where he proved moderate on the slavery question . But on Lincoln 's election in 1860 , Chesnut resigned from the U.S. Senate and took part in the South Carolina secession convention , later helping to draft the Confederate States Constitution . As aide to General P.G.T . Beauregard , he ordered the firing on Fort Sumter and served at First Manassas . Later he was aide to Jefferson Davis and promoted to Brigadier-General . Chesnut returned to law practice after the war . His wife was Mary Boykin Chesnut , whose published diaries reflect the Chesnuts ' busy social life and prominent friends such as John Bell Hood , Louis T. Wigfall , Wade Hampton III , and Jefferson Davis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_Space_Agency", "text": "The Canadian Space Agency ( CSA ; French : Agence spatiale canadienne , ASC ) is the national space agency of Canada , established in 1990 by the Canadian Space Agency Act . The agency reports to the federal Minister of Innovation , Science , and Economic Development . The current president is Sylvain Laporte , who took the position March 9 , 2015 . The CSAs headquarters are located at the John H. Chapman Space Centre in Longueuil , Quebec . The agency also has offices in Ottawa , Ontario , at the David Florida Laboratory , and small liaison offices in Houston ; Washington , D.C. ; and Paris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mario_Karlović", "text": "Mario Karlovic is an Australian footballer who plays for Kuala Lumpur FA in the Malaysia Premier League . Karlovic plays as a creative attacking midfielder but can also play as a defensive midfielder . He is known for his free kicks and creative play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1977", "text": "Miss World 1977 , the 27th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 17 November 1977 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . The winner was Mary Ann-Catrin Stävin from Sweden . She was crowned by Miss World 1976 , Cindy Breakspeare of Jamaica . Runner-up was Ineke Berends representing Holland , third was Dagmar Gabriele Winkler from Germany , fourth was Madalena Sbaraini of Brazil , and fifth was Cindy Darlene Miller from United States . Stävin was awarded a $ 37,000 cash prize as the winner of the pageant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bollekescross", "text": "The Flandriencross is a cyclo-cross race held since 2002 in Hamme , Belgium , until 2013 it was known as the Bollekescross but was renamed in 2014 in honour of Greg Van Avermaet who was raised in Hamme and is a multiple times winner of the Flandrien of the Year award . Since the 2004-2005 season , the cross is a part of the Superprestige but since the 2014-2015 season , it is now part of the BPost Bank Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bark_at_the_Moon_(song)", "text": "Bark at the Moon is a song by heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne . It was the first single released from his 1983 album of the same name . The music video produced for the song was Osbourne 's first . It peaked at # 21 on the UK Singles Chart and # 12 on Billboard 's Album Rock Tracks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WOGX", "text": "WOGX , virtual channel 51 ( UHF digital channel 31 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station serving Gainesville , Florida , United States that is licensed to Ocala . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation . WOGX 's advertising sales office is located on Northwest 53rd Avenue in Gainesville , and its transmitter is located in unincorporated Marion County , between Williston and Fairfield . Although identifying as a separate station in its own right , WOGX is actually considered a semi-satellite of WOFL ( channel 35 ) in Orlando . As such , it clears all network programming as provided through its parent station and simulcasts most of WOFL 's newscasts , but airs a separate offering of syndicated programming ; there are also separate local commercials and legal station identifications . WOGX 's master control , as well as most internal operations , are housed at the shared studios of WOFL and MyNetworkTV O & O WRBW ( channel 65 ) on Skyline Drive in Lake Mary . On cable , WOGX can be seen on Cox channel 13 in Gainesville and Altitude Communications channel 13 in High Springs . There is a high definition feed offered on Cox digital channel 1013 in Gainesville . Gainesville is by far the smallest designated market area in the U.S. with a Big Four network O & O . The Gainesville television market is located between several other Florida media markets . As a result , the Cox and Charter Spectrum systems in Marion County ( part of the Orlando market ) do not carry WOGX but opt instead for WOFL , despite Ocala being WOGX 's city of license . In addition , the Comcast Xfinity system in Marion County carries WOFL 's HD signal on its digital tier in lieu of one from WOGX ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lillestrøm", "text": "Lillestrøm is a municipality in Viken county . It is located in the traditional district of Romerike . With a population of 85,757 inhabitants , it is the fourth most populated municipality in Viken . It was founded on 1 January 2020 as a merger between former municipalities Fet , Skedsmo and Sørum . The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Lillestrøm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tamás_Bognár", "text": "Tamás Bognár ( born 18 November 1978 ) is a Hungarian professional football referee . He has been a full international for FIFA since 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switch_(TV_series)", "text": "Switch is an American action-adventure detective series starring Eddie Albert and Robert Wagner . It was broadcast on the CBS network for three seasons between September 9 , 1975 , and August 20 , 1978 , bumping the Hawaii Five-O detective series to Friday nights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnesota", "text": "Minnesota ( /ˌmɪnɪˈsoʊtə/ ( listen ) ) is a state in the Upper Midwest , Great Lakes , and northern regions of the United States . Minnesota was admitted as the 32nd U.S. state on May 11 , 1858 , created from the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory . The state has many lakes , and is known as the Land of 10,000 Lakes . Its official motto is L'Étoile du Nord ( French : Star of the North ) . Minnesota is the 12th largest in area and the 22nd most populous of the U.S. states ; nearly 55% of its residents live in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area ( known as the Twin Cities ) . This area has the largest concentration of transportation , business , industry , education , and government in the state . Urban centers in Greater Minnesota include Duluth , Mankato , Moorhead , Rochester and St . Cloud . The geography of the state consists of western prairies now given over to intensive agriculture ; deciduous forests in the southeast , now partially cleared , farmed , and settled ; and the less populated North Woods , used for mining , forestry , and recreation . Thousands of years before Europeans arrived , Minnesota was inhabited by various indigenous peoples , some of whom remain in the state today . French explorers , missionaries , and fur traders began exploring the region in the 17th century , encountering the Dakota and Ojibwe/Anishinaabe tribes . Much of what is now Minnesota was part of the vast French holding of Louisiana , which was purchased by the United States in 1803 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Don't_Cha", "text": "Do n't Cha is a song recorded by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their debut studio album PCD ( 2005 ) . The song features rapper Busta Rhymes who co-wrote the song with its producer , CeeLo Green . The song contains an interpolation of Swass which is written and performed by Sir Mix-a-Lot . It is an R & B song . Do n't Cha was originally recorded by Tori Alamaze who released the song as her first single ; however , after minor success and dissatisfaction with her label she gave up her rights to the song . Universal Music Group gave it to the Pussycat Dolls as the label was trying to reinvent the girl group . Do n't Cha received positive reviews from music critics , many of whom highlighted it as a stand-out ; however , some of them criticized Busta Rhymes ' appearance . The song was a commercial success , peaking at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and number one on the US Hot Dance Club Play and Pop 100 charts . The song reached number-one in fifteen other countries including Australia , Canada , Ireland , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom . A music video for the song was directed by Paul Hunter features the group in various activities including jumping on a trampoline and drag racing in Jeeps ; additionally choreographed routines were performed at the chorus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Empress_Shōshi", "text": "Fujiwara no Shōshi ( 藤原彰子 , 988 - October 25 , 1074 ) , also known as Jōtōmon-in ( 上東門院 ) , the eldest daughter of Fujiwara no Michinaga , was Empress of Japan from c. 1000 to c. 1011 . Her father sent her to live in the Emperor Ichijō 's harem at age 12 . Because of his power , influence and political machinations she quickly achieved the status of second empress ( 中宮 , Chūgū ) . As empress she was able to surround herself with a court of talented and educated ladies-in-waiting such as Murasaki Shikibu , author of The Tale of Genji . By the age of 20 , she bore two sons to Ichijō , both of whom went on to become emperors and secured the status of the Fujiwara line . In her late 30s she took vows as a Buddhist nun , renouncing imperial duties and titles , assuming the title of Imperial Lady . She continued to be an influential member of the imperial family until her death at age 86 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shelburn_Interurban_Depot-THI&E_Interurban_Depot", "text": "Shelburn Interurban Depot-THI & E Interurban Depot is a historic interurban train station located at Shelburn , Sullivan County , Indiana . It was built about 1911 and enlarged between 1916 and 1920 . It is a one-story , red brick and limestone building that housed passenger and freight rooms and a substation for the electrical system that powered the interurban cars . It was used for its original purpose until the closure of the interurban line between Terre Haute , Indiana and Sullivan in May 1931.:4 , 13 In 2015 , the Town of Shelburn completed a full restoration of the depot exterior . The work included structural repairs , roof replacement and reconstruction , masonry cleaning and restoration , window and door replacement , and the installation of a new electrical service . Restoration work was completed by Keymark ( Terre Haute , IN ) to preservation plans provided by RATIO Architects ( Indianapolis , IN ) . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015 . The Town is currently working to complete the restoration and build-out of the depot interior for use as a restaurant and bar . The project is set to be completed by Spring , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1997", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1997 , the 15th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from South Padre Island , Texas on 20 August , 1997 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Shelly Moore of Tennessee was crowned by outgoing queen Christie Lee Woods of Texas . The pageant was hosted by J. Eddie Peck , with color commentary by Ivanka Trump , daughter of new pageant owner Donald Trump . This was the first year since 1988 that there was no special entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Duffy_and_David_Mulcahy", "text": "John Duffy and David Mulcahy ( born 1958 & 1959 ) [ citation needed ] are two British rapists and serial killers who together attacked numerous women and children at railway stations in southern England during the 1980s . They are known as the Railway Rapists and the Railway Killers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_Jia-A_League_1997", "text": "The 1997 Chinese Jia-A League ( known as Marlboro Jia-A League for sponsorship reasons ) was the fourth season of professional association football and the 36th top-tier overall league season held in China . Starting on March 16th 1997 and ending on November 29th 1997 it was performed by 12 teams and Dalian Wanda won the championship making it their third championship title . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Province,_Sri_Lanka", "text": "The Western Province ( Sinhala : බස්නාහිර පළාත Basnahira Palata ; Tamil : மேல் மாகாணம் Mael Maakaanam ) is one of the nine provinces of Sri Lanka , the first level administrative division of the country . The provinces have existed since the 19th century but did not have any legal status until 1987 when the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka established provincial councils . The province is the most densely populated province in the country and is home to the legislative capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte as well to Colombo , the nation 's administrative and business center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dejen_Gebremeskel", "text": "Dejen Gebremeskel ( born 24 November 1989 ) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who primarily competes in track events . His personal best of 12:46.81 minutes for the 5000 metres ranks him as the fifth fastest of all time for the distance . He was the 5000 m silver medallist at the 2012 London Olympics and took the bronze medal over that distance at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics . He won his first track medals as a junior , coming second at the African Junior Athletics Championships , then taking the bronze medal at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics . He was a finalist at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in 2010 and 2012 . He is a five-time winner of the Carlsbad 5000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Punter_(football)", "text": "A punter ( P ) in gridiron football is a special teams player who receives the snapped ball directly from the line of scrimmage and then punts ( kicks ) the football to the opposing team so as to limit any field position advantage . This generally happens on a fourth down in American football and a third down in Canadian football . Punters may also occasionally take part in fake punts in those same situations , when they throw or run the football instead of punting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joaquín_Sabina", "text": "Joaquín Ramón Martínez Sabina ( born 12 February 1949 ) , known artistically simply as Joaquín Sabina , is a singer , songwriter , and poet from the Andalusia region of southern Spain . He has released fourteen studio albums , two live albums , and three compilation albums . He performed both solo and with a group for his live albums , performing with Javier Krahe and Alberto Pérez in La mandrágora , the group Viceversa in a 1986 concert , and with Joan Manuel Serrat in Dos pájaros de un tiro ( Two birds with one stone ) . Sabina suffered a stroke in 2001 and although he physically recovered , he entered a deep depression which resulted in a four-year-long concert hiatus . He recovered and released his eighteenth album , Alivio de Luto , in November 2005 and in 2009 he released his album , Vinagre y rosas . In 2012 he released his latest album in collaboration with Joan Manuel Serrat : La Orquesta Del Titanic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1952_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The women 's downhill event was part of the alpine skiing at the 1952 Winter Olympics program , and was the second appearance of the event . The competition was held at Norefjell Ski Resort near Krødsherad , Norway , on Sunday , 17 February . Forty-two alpine skiers from 13 nations competed . Austria 's Trude Jochum-Beiser won the gold medal , Annemarie Buchner of Germany took the silver , and Giuliana Minuzzo of Italy was the bronze medalist . The race 's starting elevation was 710 m ( 2,329 ft ) above sea level ; the course length was 1.35 km ( 0.84 mi ) , with a vertical drop of 385 m ( 1,263 ft ) . Jochum-Beiser 's winning time of 107.1 seconds yielded an average speed of 45.378 km/h ( 28.2 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 3.595 m/s ( 11.8 ft/s ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dustin_Hoffman", "text": "Dustin Lee Hoffman ( born August 8 , 1937 ) is an American actor and filmmaker . He is known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and emotionally vulnerable characters . He is the recipient of numerous accolades including two Academy Awards , six Golden Globe Awards ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award ) , four BAFTAs , three Drama Desk Awards , and two Emmy Awards . Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999 and the Kennedy Center Honors Award in 2012 . Hoffman first drew critical praise for starring in the play Eh ? , for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award . His breakthrough film role was as Benjamin Braddock in critically acclaimed and iconic The Graduate ( 1967 ) . Since that time , Hoffman 's career has largely been focused on the cinema , with sporadic returns to television and to the stage . Hoffman 's films include Midnight Cowboy , Little Big Man , Papillon , Lenny , Marathon Man , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , Hook , and Wag the Dog . He made his directorial debut in 2012 , with Quartet , and has done voice work for the Kung Fu Panda film series and The Tale of Despereaux ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Province,_Sri_Lanka", "text": "The Central Province ( Sinhala : මධ්‍යම පළාත Madhyama Palata , Tamil : மத்திய மாகாணம் Madhiya Maakaanam ) is one of the nine provinces of Sri Lanka , the first level administrative division of the country . ( The provinces have existed since the 19th century but did not have any legal status until 1987 when the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka established provincial councils . ) The Central Province is primarily in the central mountainous terrain of Sri Lanka . It is the 6th largest province by area and is home to 2.5 million people . It is bordered by North Central Province to the north , Uva Province to the east , North Western Province to the west and Sabaragamuwa Province to the south and west . The province 's capital is Kandy . The cities of Matale and Nuwara Eliya are in the Central Province . The province is famous for its production of Ceylon tea , planted by the British in the 1860s after a devastating disease killed all the coffee plantations in the province . The Central Province attracts many tourists , with hill station towns such as Gampola , Hatton and Nuwara Eliya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anchorage,_Alaska", "text": "Anchorage ( officially called the Municipality of Anchorage ; Dena'ina : Dgheyay Kaq ' ) is a unified home rule municipality in the U.S. state of Alaska , on the West Coast of the United States . With an estimated 291,538 residents in 2018 , it is Alaska 's most populous city and contains more than 40% of the state 's population ; among the 50 states , only New York has a higher percentage of residents who live in its most populous city . The Anchorage metropolitan area , which includes Anchorage and the neighboring Matanuska-Susitna Borough , had a population of 399,148 in 2018 , accounting for more than half the state 's population . At 1,706 square miles ( 4,420 km2 ) of land area , the city is the fourth-largest by area in the United States and larger than the smallest state , Rhode Island , which has 1,212 square miles ( 3,140 km2 ) . Anchorage is in Southcentral Alaska , at the terminus of the Cook Inlet , on a peninsula formed by the Knik Arm to the north and the Turnagain Arm to the south . The city limits span 1,961.1 square miles ( 5,079.2 km2 ) , encompassing the urban core , a joint military base , several outlying communities and almost all of Chugach State Park . Due to its location , almost equidistant from New York City and Tokyo , Anchorage lies within ​9 1⁄2 hours by air of nearly 90% of the industrialized world . For this reason , Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport is a common refueling stop for international cargo flights and home to a major FedEx hub , which the company calls a critical part of its global network of services . Anchorage has won the All-America City Award four times : in 1956 , 1965 , 1984-85 , and 2002 , from the National Civic League . Kiplinger has named it the United States ' most tax-friendly city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halifax,_Nova_Scotia", "text": "Halifax , officially known as the Halifax Regional Municipality ( HRM ) , is the capital of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia . It had a population of 403,131 in 2016 , with 316,701 in the urban area centred on Halifax Harbour . The regional municipality consists of four former municipalities that were amalgamated in 1996 : Halifax , Dartmouth , Bedford , and Halifax County . Halifax is a major economic centre in Atlantic Canada , with a large concentration of government services and private sector companies . Major employers and economic generators include the Department of National Defence , Dalhousie University , Saint Mary 's University , the Halifax Shipyard , various levels of government , and the Port of Halifax . Agriculture , fishing , mining , forestry and natural gas extraction are major resource industries found in the rural areas of the municipality ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tavistock_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Tavistock was the name of a parliamentary constituency in Devon between 1330 and 1974 . Until 1885 it was a parliamentary borough , consisting solely of the town of Tavistock ; it returned two Members of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1868 , when its representation was reduced to one member . From 1885 , the name was transferred to a single-member county constituency covering a much larger area . ( Between 1885 and 1918 , the constituency had the alternative name of West Devon . ) The constituency was abolished for the February 1974 general election , when it was largely replaced by the new West Devon constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KK_Proleter_Zrenjanin", "text": "Košarkaški klub Proleter ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кошаркашки клуб Пролетер ) , commonly referred to as KK Proleter Zrenjanin , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Zrenjanin , Serbia . They currently participates in the Second Basketball League of Serbia . The club is also known as Proleter Naftagas due to sponsorship reasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republicanos", "text": "Republicanos ( English : Republicans ) , formerly known as Brazilian Republican Party ( Portuguese : Partido Republicano Brasileiro ) is a Brazilian political party . Its electoral number is 10 and it became a registered political party on August 25 , 2005 . Its founders included Bishop Marcelo Crivella , who had been elected in 2002 as a senator representing the Liberal Party , from the state of Rio de Janeiro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1987–88_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 1987-88 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began in November 1987 and ended with the Final Four in Kansas City , Missouri on April 4 , 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defender_(association_football)", "text": "In the sport of association football , a defender is an outfield player whose primary roles is to stop attacks during the game and prevent the opposing team from scoring goals . Centre backs are usually are in pairs , with 2 full-backs to their left and right , but can come in threes with no full backs There are four types of defenders : centre-back , sweeper , full-back , and wing-back . The centre-back and full-back positions are essential in most modern formations . The sweeper and wing-back roles are more specialized for certain formations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Right_Field", "text": "A right fielder , abbreviated RF , is the outfielder in baseball or softball who plays defense in right field . Right field is the area of the outfield to the right of a person standing at home plate and facing towards the pitcher 's mound . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the right fielder is assigned the number 9 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KwaMhlanga", "text": "KwaMhlanga is a town in Mpumalanga , South Africa and is the spiritual home of the Ndebele tribe that settled here in the early 18th century . This town developed into the administrative centre for the local government , and now houses the government administration for the North Western Region of the Mpumalanga Province . To the north of KwaMhlanga , on the R568 near the village of Klipfontein , is located the Manala Royal Kraal ; the Ndzundza Mabhoko Royal Kraal is situated further north at Weltevreden . By special arrangement , both of these kraals can be visited by small parties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Béchervaise", "text": "John Mayston Béchervaise OAM , MBE ( 11 May 1910 - 13 July 1998 ) was an Australian writer , photographer , artist , historian and explorer . He is especially notable for his work and achievements in Antarctica . Béchervaise was married to Lorna Fearn Wannan ; the couple had one son and three daughters . His family had come from Jersey in the 19th century where there is still a Bechervaise Lane . Béchervaise was educated in Melbourne . He joined Geelong College in 1935 in order to establish a program of outdoor activities for the boys . During the years of the Second World War he studied art history at the Courtauld Institute of Art in London , but returned to Geelong College after the war . In January 1949 he led a mountaineering expedition of the Geelong College Exploration Society to climb the hitherto unclimbed 1224 m Federation Peak in Tasmania . He also led the first party to land Tasmania 's Rodondo Island in Bass Strait , 10 km off the coast of Victoria . As well as contributing to the development of outdoor education in Victoria , he was for many years the assistant editor of the Australian magazine Walkabout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dun_Mor_Vaul", "text": "Dun Mor Vaul ( or simply Dun Mor ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Mòr ) is an iron-age broch located on the north coast of the island of Tiree , in Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surf_City,_New_Jersey", "text": "Surf City is a borough in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the borough 's population was 1,205 , reflecting a decline of 237 ( -16.4% ) from the 1,442 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 67 ( +4.9% ) from the 1,375 counted in the 1990 Census . The borough borders the Atlantic Ocean on Long Beach Island . What is now Surf City was originally formed as Long Beach City borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on September 19 , 1894 , from portions of Stafford Township , based on the results of a referendum held the previous day . The borough was renamed Surf City by a resolution of the Borough Council as of May 26 , 1899 . The name was changed to avoid confusion with other places on the island and along the Jersey Shore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida", "text": "Florida ( /ˈflɒrɪdə/ ( listen ) , Spanish pronunciation : [ floˈɾiða ] ) is the southernmost contiguous state in the United States . The state is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the northwest by Alabama , to the north by Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida . Florida is the 22nd-most extensive ( 65,755 sq mi or 170,300 km2 ) , the 3rd-most populous ( 21,477,737 inhabitants ) , and the 8th-most densely populated ( 384.3/sq mi or 148.4/km2 ) of the U.S. states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area , with its capital being Tallahassee . Florida 's $ 1.0 trillion economy is the fourth largest in the United States . If it were a country , Florida would be the 16th largest economy in the world , and the 58th most populous as of 2018 [ update ] . In 2017 , Florida 's per capita personal income was $ 47,684 , ranking 26th in the nation . The unemployment rate in September 2018 was 3.5% and ranked as the 18th in the United States . Florida exports nearly $ 55 billion in goods made in the state , the 8th highest among all states . The Miami Metropolitan Area is by far the largest urban economy in Florida and the 12th largest in the United States with a GDP of $ 345 billion as of 2017 [ update ] . This is more than twice the number of the next metro area , the Tampa Bay Area , which has a GDP of $ 145 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Daniel_(Australian_footballer)", "text": "Peter Russell Daniel ( born 17 September 1947 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . Daniel spent most of 1968 in the Essendon reserves , where he played in a premiership team . The Woori Yallock recruit featured more prominently in 1969 and kicked 32 goals , including a couple of six goal hauls . In the subsequent seasons he was used mainly as a full-back . At Moorabbin Oval , against St Kilda , late in the 1974 VFL season , Daniel made his 100th and last league appearance . It was also the debut of future Essendon 378 gamer Simon Madden . He was appointed captain-coach of Northern Tasmanian Football Association club North Launceston in 1975 and steered them to five premierships . During this time he was a Tasmanian interstate representative and played in the 1975 Knockout Carnival . He also captain-coached the state at the 1980 Adelaide State of Origin Carnival . In 1983 he became coach of Subiaco in the West Australian Football League but did n't last the season after a string of poor results . He then coached again in Tasmania , this time with City-South . His final coaching stint at senior level came with the Clarence Football Club in the TFL Statewide League in 1989-1990 where he was dumped as coach after the Roos crashed out of the finals both years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1955_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1955 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 23rd in the National Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_George_(village),_New_York", "text": "The Village of Lake George is a village within the town of Lake George in Warren County , New York , United States , located at the southern end of its namesake lake . The population was 985 at the 2000 census . It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area . The village and the surrounding area is a famous summertime tourist region and historic summer colony , which at one time included Alfred Stieglitz and Georgia O'Keeffe . Lake George was the county seat of Warren County until 1963 , when the county seat was moved to Queensbury ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gateway_Grizzlies", "text": "The Gateway Grizzlies are a professional baseball team based in the St. Louis suburb of Sauget , Illinois , in the United States . The Grizzlies are a member of the West Division of the Frontier League , which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball . The Grizzlies played their home games during their inaugural 2001 season at Sauget Field . In 2002 , GCS Ballpark ( formerly GMC Stadium ) opened and has remained the club 's home since ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saddle_Peak_(Andaman_Islands)", "text": "Saddle Peak or Saddle Hill is located on North Andaman Island in India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands . At 731 m , it is the highest point of the archipelago in the Bay of Bengal . It is surrounded by Saddle Peak National Park . It is located near Diglipur , a town in North Andaman Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Signal_(Urthboy_album)", "text": "The Signal is the second album from The Herd member Urthboy and was released on 14 July 2007 . The album features production from Australian artists El Gusto of Hermitude fame and Count Bounce from TZU . It also features collaborations from several prominent Australian MCs and Musicians . The album was released on CD and double vinyl ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moonfire_(album)", "text": "Moonfire is the debut studio album by the Australian indie rock band Boy & Bear . It was released on 5 August 2011 in the band 's home country , with later release dates elsewhere . Recorded at Blackbird Studio in Nashville , Tennessee , with producer Joe Chiccarelli , the record garnered comparisons to other indie folk bands such as Fleet Foxes and Mumford & Sons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddie_Irvine", "text": "Edmund Irvine Jr. ( born 10 November 1965 ) is a former racing driver from Northern Ireland . He competed in Formula One between 1993 and 2002 , and finished runner-up in the 1999 World Drivers ' Championship , driving for Scuderia Ferrari . He began his career at the age of seventeen when he entered the Formula Ford Championship , achieving early success , before progressing to the Formula Three and Formula 3000 Championships . He made his Formula One debut in 1993 with Jordan Grand Prix , where he achieved early notoriety for his involvement in incidents on and off the track . He scored his first podium in 1995 with Jordan , before moving to Ferrari in 1996 . His most successful season was in 1999 when he took four victories and challenged McLaren driver Mika Häkkinen for the World Championship . He moved to Jaguar Racing in 2000 , scoring the team 's first podium in 2001 and his final podium in 2002 . Irvine retired from competitive motorsport at the end of the 2002 season . Since retiring , Irvine became a media personality in Great Britain . He was linked with the takeover of the Jordan and Minardi Formula One teams in 2005 , but talks came to nothing . Irvine also expanded his interests in the property market , having built up an investment portfolio during his racing career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SC_Paderborn_07", "text": "Sport-Club Paderborn 07 e.V. , commonly known as simply SC Paderborn 07 ( pronounced [ ʔɛs t͡seː paːdɐˈbɔʁn nʊl ziːbm̩ ] ) or SC Paderborn , is a German association football club based in Paderborn , North Rhine-Westphalia . The club has enjoyed its greatest successes since the turn of the millennium , becoming a fixture in the 2 . Bundesliga before finally earning promotion to the Bundesliga in the 2013-14 season . They suffered a hasty fall from grace , however , being relegated to the 2 . Bundesliga after only a season in the top division , and then again to the 3 . Liga the season after . The club returned to 2 . Bundesliga , reaching 2nd place in the 2018-19 season and was promoted to the Bundesliga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_de_la_Beaujoire", "text": "The Stade de la Beaujoire - Louis Fonteneau , or Stade de la Beaujoire ( French pronunciation : ​ [ stad də la boʒwaʁ ] ) , is a stadium in Nantes , France . It is the home of the FC Nantes football club . The stadium opened for the first time on May 8 , 1984 , for a friendly game : FC Nantes - Romania . It was named after Louis Fonteneau , who was President of FC Nantes between 1969-1986 . It was renovated in 1998 , for the World Cup . While its original capacity was 52,923 , in 1998 , it was converted to an all-seater stadium and its current capacity is 38,128 . Previously , the team played at Stade Marcel Saupin . The stadium also hosts international rugby matches , including France against New Zealand ( 16-3 ) on November 15 , 1986 . In September 2007 , it hosted three pool matches of the 2007 Rugby World Cup : Wales vs Canada on September 9 , England vs Samoa on September 22 and Wales vs Fiji on September 29 . In domestic rugby , La Beaujoire hosted both Top 14 semifinal matches in 2013 , and Paris-area Top 14 side Racing Métro 92 will play their final home match of the 2013-14 season against Clermont at La Beaujoire on April 19 , 2014 . La Beaujoire hosted matches during the UEFA Euro 1984 , including a 5-0 victory for France over Belgium . Six matches were also played there during the 1998 FIFA World Cup , including the quarter-final between Brazil and Denmark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dudley_Do-Right's_Ripsaw_Falls", "text": "Dudley Do-Right 's Ripsaw Falls is a log flume ride at Islands of Adventure in Orlando , Florida inspired by the Dudley Do-Right character created by cartoonists Jay Ward and Alex Anderson . Opened on May 28 , 1999 , it is one of the park 's original attractions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita", "text": "This is a list of countries ordered by annual per capita consumption of tea , as of 2016 [ update ] ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joplin,_Missouri", "text": "Joplin , officially known as the City of Joplin , is a city in southern Jasper County and northern Newton County in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Missouri . Joplin is the largest city in Jasper County - even though it is not the county seat , and it is the 12th most-populous city in the state . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 50,150 . The city covers an area of 35.69 square miles ( 92.41 km2 ) on the outer edge of the Ozark Mountains . Joplin is the main hub of the three-county Joplin-Miami , Missouri-Oklahoma Metro area , which is home to 210,077 people making it the 5th largest metropolitan area in Missouri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishop_of_Albano", "text": "The Diocese of Albano ( Latin : Albanensis ) is a suburbicarian see of the Roman Catholic Church in a diocese in Italy , comprising seven towns in the Province of Rome . Albano Laziale is situated some 15 kilometers from Rome , on the Appian Way . Under current arrangements it has both a titular bishop and a diocesan bishop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midfielder", "text": "A midfielder is an association football position . Midfielders are generally positioned on the field between their team 's defenders and forwards . Some midfielders play a disciplined defensive role , breaking up attacks , and are otherwise known as defensive midfielders . Others blur the boundaries , being more mobile and efficient in passing : they are commonly referred to as deep-lying midfielders , play-makers , box-to-box , or holding midfielders . The number of midfielders on a team and their assigned roles depends on the team 's formation ; the collective group of these players on the field is sometimes referred to as the midfield . Most managers assign at least one midfielder to disrupt the opposing team 's attacks , while others may be tasked with creating goals , or have equal responsibilities between attack and defence . Midfielders are the players who typically travel the greatest distance during a match . Because midfielders arguably have the most possession during a game they are among the fittest players on the pitch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soviet_Union", "text": "The Soviet Union , [ b ] officially known as the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR or СССР ) , [ c ] was a federal sovereign state in northern Eurasia that existed from 1922 to 1991 . Nominally a union of multiple national Soviet republics , [ d ] in practice its government and economy were highly centralized . The country was a one-party state , governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital in its largest republic , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) . Other major urban centers were Leningrad , Kiev , Minsk , Tashkent , Alma-Ata , and Novosibirsk . It spanned over 10,000 kilometers ( 6,200 mi ) east to west across 11 time zones , and over 7,200 kilometers ( 4,500 mi ) north to south . Its territory included much of Eastern Europe , as well as part of Northern Europe and all of Northern and Central Asia . It had five climate zones : tundra , taiga , steppes , desert and mountains . The Soviet Union had its roots in the 1917 October Revolution , when the Bolsheviks , led by Vladimir Lenin , overthrew the Russian Provisional Government which had replaced the autocratic regime of Tsar Nicholas II during World War I . In 1922 , after a civil war ending in the Bolsheviks ' victory , the USSR was formed by a treaty which united the Russian , Transcaucasian , Ukrainian and Byelorussian republics . Following Lenin 's death in 1924 and a brief power struggle , Joseph Stalin came to power in the mid-1920s . Stalin formalized the Communist Party 's ideology of Marxism-Leninism and replaced the market economy with a command economy which led to a period of rapid industrialization and collectivization . During this period , rapid economic development resulted in dramatic improvements in the average standard of living , particularly in urban areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Las_Vegas_Strip", "text": "The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County , Nevada that is known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos . The Strip , about 4.2 miles ( 6.8 km ) long , sits immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester but is often referred to as being in Las Vegas . Many of the largest hotel , casino , and resort properties in the world are located on the Strip , known for its contemporary architecture , lights , and wide variety of attractions . Its hotels , casinos , restaurants , residential high-rises , entertainment offerings , and skyline have established the Strip as one of the most popular and iconic tourist destinations in the world and is one of the driving forces for Las Vegas ' economy . Most of the Strip has been designated as an All-American Road and is considered a scenic route at night ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cho_Seong-Min", "text": "Jo Seong-min ( born 5 January 1976 ) is a South Korean gymnast . He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics , the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mukha_Chithram", "text": "Mukha Chithram is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Unnithan . The film stars Jayaram , Urvashi , Siddique and Sunitha in lead roles . The film had musical score by Mohan Sithara ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iran-Contra_affair", "text": "The Iran-Contra affair ( Persian : ماجرای ایران-کنترا , Spanish : Caso Irán-Contra ) , popularized in Iran as the McFarlane affair , the Iran-Contra scandal , or simply Iran-Contra , was a political scandal in the United States that occurred during the second term of the Reagan Administration . Senior administration officials secretly facilitated the sale of arms to the Khomeini government of the Islamic Republic of Iran , which was the subject of an arms embargo . The administration hoped to use the proceeds of the arms sale to fund the Contras in Nicaragua . Under the Boland Amendment , further funding of the Contras by the government had been prohibited by Congress . The official justification for the arms shipments was that they were part of an operation to free seven American hostages being held in Lebanon by Hezbollah , a paramilitary group with Iranian ties connected to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps . The plan was for Israel to ship weapons to Iran , for the United States to resupply Israel , and for Israel to pay the United States . The Iranian recipients promised to do everything in their power to achieve the release of the hostages . The first arms sales authorized to Iran were in 1981 , prior to the American hostages having been taken in Lebanon . The plan was later complicated in late 1985 , when Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North of the National Security Council diverted a portion of the proceeds from the Iranian weapon sales to fund the Contras , a group of anti-Sandinista rebels , in their insurgency against the socialist government of Nicaragua . While President Ronald Reagan was a vocal supporter of the Contra cause , the evidence is disputed as to whether he personally authorized the diversion of funds to the Contras . Handwritten notes taken by Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger on 7 December 1985 indicate that Reagan was aware of potential hostage transfers with Iran , as well as the sale of Hawk and TOW missiles to moderate elements within that country . Weinberger wrote that Reagan said he could answer to charges of illegality but could n't answer to the charge that 'big strong President Reagan passed up a chance to free the hostages . '"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sting_(musician)", "text": "Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner CBE ( born 2 October 1951 ) , known professionally as Sting , is an English musician and actor . He was the principal songwriter , lead singer , and bassist for the new wave rock band the Police from 1977 to 1984 , and launched a solo career in 1985 . He has included elements of rock , jazz , reggae , classical , new-age and worldbeat in his music . As a solo musician and a member of the Police , Sting has received 17 Grammy Awards : he won Song of the Year for Every Breath You Take , three Brit Awards , including Best British Male Artist in 1994 and Outstanding Contribution in 2002 , a Golden Globe , an Emmy and four nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song . In 2019 , he received a BMI Award for Every Breath You Take becoming the most played song in radio history . In 2002 , Sting received the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors and was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Police in 2003 . In 2000 , he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording . In 2003 , Sting received a CBE from Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for services to music . He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014 , and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017 . With the Police , Sting became one of the world 's best-selling music artists . Solo and with the Police combined , he has sold over 100 million records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pleasant_Grove_Masonic_Lodge", "text": "The Masonic Lodge in Stewartville , Minnesota , United States , is a building from 1868 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_on_the_Law_of_the_Sea", "text": "The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea ( UNCLOS ) , also called the Law of the Sea Convention or the Law of the Sea treaty , is the international agreement that resulted from the third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea ( UNCLOS III ) , which took place between 1973 and 1982 . The Law of the Sea Convention defines the rights and responsibilities of nations with respect to their use of the world 's oceans , establishing guidelines for businesses , the environment , and the management of marine natural resources . The Convention , concluded in 1982 , replaced the quad-treaty 1958 Convention on the High Seas . UNCLOS came into force in 1994 , a year after Guyana became the 60th nation to ratify the treaty . As of June 2016 [ update ] , 167 countries and the European Union have joined in the Convention . It is uncertain as to what extent the Convention codifies customary international law . While the Secretary-General of the United Nations receives instruments of ratification and accession and the UN provides support for meetings of states party to the Convention , the UN has no direct operational role in the implementation of the Convention . There is , however , a role played by organizations such as the International Maritime Organization , the International Whaling Commission , and the International Seabed Authority ( ISA ) . ( The ISA was established by the UN Convention . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Shanna_Crossley", "text": "Shanna Annette Zolman ( born September 7 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball player , most recently for the Tulsa Shock of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . She attended college at the University of Tennessee and graduated in 2006 with a degree in Broadcasting . Following her collegiate career , she was selected 16th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the San Antonio Silver Stars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skagen_Lighthouse", "text": "Skagen Lighthouse ( Danish : Skagen Fyr ) , also known as Skagen 's Grey Lighthouse ( Det Grå Fyr ) , is an active lighthouse 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) northeast of Skagen in the far north of Jutland , Denmark . Designed by architect Niels Sigfred Nebelong , it was brought into operation on 1 November 1858 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Burnett_Region", "text": "The North Burnett Region is a local government area in Queensland , Australia in the northern catchment of the Burnett River . Established in 2008 , it was preceded by several previous local government areas with histories extending back to the early 1900s . It has an estimated operating budget of A $ 32 millon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grey_Owl", "text": "Archibald Stansfeld Belaney ( September 18 , 1888 - April 13 , 1938 ) , commonly known as Grey Owl , was a British-born conservationist , fur trapper , and writer who pretended to be a First Nations person . While he achieved fame as a conservationist during his life , after his death the revelation that he was not Indigenous , along with other autobiographical fabrications , negatively affected his reputation . Belaney rose to prominence as a notable author and lecturer , primarily on environmental issues . In working with the National Parks Branch , Grey Owl became the subject of many films , and was established as the 'caretaker of park animals ' at Riding Mountain National Park in Manitoba in 1931 . Together with his numerous articles , books , films and lectures , his views on conservation reached audiences beyond the borders of Canada . His conservation views largely focused on humans ' negative impact on nature through their commodification of nature 's resources for profits , and a need for humans to develop a respect for the natural world . Recognition of Belaney has included biographies , a historic plaque at his birthplace , and a 1999 biopic about his life by the director Richard Attenborough ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minardi", "text": "Minardi was an Italian automobile racing team and constructor founded in Faenza in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi . It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 with little success , nevertheless acquiring a loyal following of fans . In 2001 , to save the team from folding , Minardi sold it to Australian businessman Paul Stoddart , who ran the team for five years before selling it on to Red Bull GmbH in 2005 who renamed it Scuderia Toro Rosso . From 2001 , all of Minardi chassis are called PS then a number , the PS being the initials of team owner , Paul Stoddart . During its time in F1 , the team scored a total of 38 championship points ; 16 of these were earned by the team 's first driver , Pierluigi Martini . Martini also recorded the team 's only front row start , qualifying 2nd at the 1990 United States Grand Prix , and he led a lap during the 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix , the only time a Minardi led a lap . The team never achieved a podium finish , only managing three 4th-place finishes : Martini twice in 1991 and Christian Fittipaldi in 1993 . In the 21 seasons , Minardi entered 37 drivers . Thirteen had Italian nationality , the others came with 13 different nationalities ( discounting Doornbos racing under a Monaco license in 2005 ) . Martini started in 103 Grands Prix for the team , while Morbidelli and Gené started 33 times . Before Minardi 's demise , the team was a particularly well-liked team within Formula One circles for its friendliness , accessibility , and lack of corporate culture . On the track , their cars were regarded by many as well-designed for their tiny budget , their low position recognised as a result of a lack of funds ( and engine power ) rather than a poor car ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal_Canadiens", "text": "The Montreal Canadiens [ note 3 ] ( French : Les Canadiens de Montréal ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The club 's official name is le Club de hockey Canadien . The team is frequently referred to in English and French as the Habs . French nicknames for the team include Les Canadiens ( or Le Canadien ) , Le Bleu-Blanc-Rouge , La Sainte-Flanelle , Le Tricolore , Les Glorieux ( or Nos Glorieux ) , Le CH , Le Grand Club and Les Habitants ( from which Habs is derived ) . Founded in 1909 , the Canadiens are the longest continuously operating professional ice hockey team worldwide , and the only existing NHL club to predate the founding of the NHL . One of the oldest North American professional sports franchises , the Canadiens ' history predates that of every other Canadian franchise outside football as well as every American franchise outside baseball and the National Football League 's Arizona Cardinals . The franchise is one of the Original Six teams , a description used for the teams that made up the NHL from 1942 until the 1967 expansion . The team 's championship season in 1992-93 was the last time a Canadian team won the Stanley Cup . The Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times than any other franchise . They have won 24 Stanley Cup championships , 23 of them since the founding of the NHL and 22 of them since 1927 , when NHL teams became the only ones to compete for the Stanley Cup . On a percentage basis , as of 2014 [ needs update ] , the franchise has won 25.3% of all Stanley Cup championships contested after the Challenge Cup era , making it the second most successful professional sports team of the traditional four major sports of Canada and the United States , behind only the Boston Celtics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheldon_Lee_Glashow", "text": "Sheldon Lee Glashow ( US : /ˈɡlæʃoʊ/ , UK : /ˈɡlæʃaʊ/ ; born December 5 , 1932 ) is a Nobel Prize winning American theoretical physicist . He is the Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics at Boston University and Eugene Higgins Professor of Physics , Emeritus , at Harvard University , and is a member of the Board of Sponsors for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Earl_of_Atholl", "text": "The Mormaer or Earl of Atholl was the title of the holder of a medieval comital lordship straddling the highland province of Atholl ( Ath Fodhla ) , now in northern Perthshire . Atholl is a special Mormaerdom , because a King of Atholl is reported from the Pictish period . The only other two Pictish kingdoms to be known from contemporary sources are Fortriu and Circinn . Indeed , the early 13th century document known to modern scholars as the de Situ Albanie repeats the claim that Atholl was an ancient Pictish kingdom . In the 11th century , the famous Crínán of Dunkeld may have performed the role of Mormaer . Royal connections continued with Máel Muire , who was the son of King Donnchad I , and the younger brother of Máel Coluim III mac Donnchada . Matad was perhaps the most famous of the Mormaers , fathering Harald Maddadsson , a notorious rebel of the Scottish King and perhaps the first Gael to rule Orkney as Earl of Orkney . The line of Máel Muire and Crínán came to an end when Forbhlaith , the daughter of Mormaer Henry married David de Hastings . The latter marriage produced a daughter , Ada , who married into the Strathbogie family , a semi-Normanized Gaelic family with Fife origins . The Strathbogies ruled until the Wars of Independence , when the Campells took over . It finally passed to the Stewarts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benji_(1974_film)", "text": "Benji is the first film in a series of five theatrical features about the golden mixed breed dog named Benji . It was written , produced , and directed by Joe Camp , and filmed in and around McKinney , Texas and Denton , Texas . Filmed in 1973 and released in 1974 , it was a critical and box-office success , grossing $ 45 million on a budget of $ 500,000 . The film also received an Oscar nomination for the Best Original Song for the theme song I Feel Love , written by Euel Box and performed by country singer Charlie Rich . The film was turned down for distribution by every studio in Hollywood ; Camp had to form his own distribution company to distribute the film worldwide . This film is also Frances Bavier 's and Edgar Buchanan 's last film before they retired from acting . Buchanan died on April 4 , 1979 , and Bavier died on December 6 , 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amaroo_Park", "text": "Amaroo Park Raceway was a motor racing circuit located in Annangrove , New South Wales , in the present-day western suburbs of Sydney , Australia . It was opened in 1967 , hosting its first motorcycle meeting on 26 February with a 30 lap production race won by Larry Simons on a BSA Spitfire in heavy rain . The first dry meeting saw the lap record set by Jack Ahearn at 63.9 seconds . The road circuit served as a venue for a variety of competitions including the Castrol 6 Hour motorcycle race , rounds of the Australian Touring Car Championship , Australian Drivers ' Championship , Australian Formula Ford Championship , Australian Sports Sedan Championship , the AMSCAR Series for touring cars , historic racing and others . The last Australian Touring Car Championship round to take place at the circuit was in 1994 . From around 1969 , Amaroo Park was run and promoted by the Australian Racing Drivers Club ( ARDC ) who also promoted the Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , and later were the promoters of Sydney 's Eastern Creek Raceway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.B._Original", "text": "A.B . Original is an Australian hip hop duo made up of Briggs and Trials . A.B . Original stands for Always Black , Original . Both members are Indigenous Australians ; Briggs is a Yorta Yorta man and Trials is Ngarrindjeri . Their music is overtly political and has been described as angry , polemical , brutally frank and meant to inspire a response , good or bad . A.B . Original 's single January 26 ( featuring Dan Sultan ) , released in August 2016 , which comments on the use of that date for Australia Day . This was followed up by an album entitled Reclaim Australia in November . The provocatively titled album features many guests including Thelma Plum , G. Yunupingu and Archie Roach . At the 2017 AIR independent Music Awards , the duo won five awards ; Breakthrough Independent Artist of the Year , Best Independent Hip Hop Album , Best Independent Single , Best Independent Artist and Best Independent Album or EP . At the APRA Music Awards of 2018 the duo won Songwriter of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_Hearts_3D:_Dream_Drop_Distance", "text": "Kingdom Hearts 3D : Dream Drop Distance [ a ] is an action role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the Nintendo 3DS , revealed at E3 2010 . The game is the seventh installment in the Kingdom Hearts series and was released in Japan on March 29 , 2012 . It was released outside Japan on July 20 , 2012 in Europe , July 26 , 2012 in Australasia and July 31 , 2012 in North America . Taking place after the events of Kingdom Hearts Re : coded , the game focuses on Sora and Riku 's Mark of Mastery exam in which they have to protect parallel worlds in preparation for the return of Master Xehanort . Besides controlling the two playable characters across a single scenario , the player is able to recruit creatures known as Dream Eaters that are able to assist in fights . The Square Enix staff decided to develop Dream Drop Distance after being impressed by the quality of the Nintendo 3DS . Taking advantage of the console 's functions , they increased the action elements from the series based on the system previously seen in Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep . Additionally , both the gameplay and the plot are meant to give a glimpse about what the following title in the series , Kingdom Hearts III , would be like . The game has been well received in Japan and in the US , selling over 250,000 and 180,000 units on its debuts respectively . A HD remaster of the game titled Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance HD was released for the PlayStation 4 in 2017 as part of the Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue collection ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1927–28_FAI_Cup", "text": "The FAI Cup 1927-28 [ A ] was the seventh edition of Ireland 's premier cup competition , The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup . The tournament began on 7 January 1928 and concluded on 17 March with the final held at Dalymount Park , Dublin . An official attendance [ B ] of 25,000 people watched amateur side Bohemians defeat defending champions Drumcondra to secure a quadruple of trophies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Snellius_(crater)", "text": "Snellius is a lunar impact crater located near the southeast limb of the Moon . The rim of Snellius is heavily worn and eroded , with overlapping craterlets . The floor is somewhat irregular and uneven . The western rim marks the start of the Vallis Snellius , one of the longest valleys on the Moon . It continues nearly 500 kilometers to the northwest to near the edge of Mare Nectaris . Its origin is most likely associated with the formation of the lunar mare . To the northeast is the large crater Petavius . South of Snellius is the crater Stevinus . Just to the northwest is Snellius A , a crater with a notable ray system that overlaps the southwest reaches of Mare Fecunditatis to the north . It is named after Dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist , Willebrord Snellius ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Outaouais", "text": "Outaouais ( French pronunciation : ​ [ utawɛ ] ) ; ( /uːtəweɪ/ ; also commonly called The Outaouais ) is a region of western Quebec , Canada . It includes the city of Gatineau ( Hull , Aylmer , Gatineau , Masson-Angers , Buckingham ) , the Pontiac region , and the town of Maniwaki , and is located on the north side of the Ottawa River opposite Canada 's capital , Ottawa . It has a land area of 30,808.69 square kilometres ( 11,895.30 sq mi ) and its population was 382,604 inhabitants as of the 2016 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2006", "text": "The 7th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held for the first time in New York City , NY . The awards show was held at Madison Square Garden on Thursday , November 2 , 2006 . Shakira was the big winner winning Album of the Year , one of four awards that she won . She is the first female artist to win Record of the Year , Album of the Year , and Song of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murrow,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Murrow is a village in the civil parish of Wisbech St Mary , in Cambridgeshire , England . The village is on Murrow Bank , the B1187 road , 5 miles ( 8 km ) west from the town of Wisbech . Its population is included in the civil parish of Parson Drove . [ citation needed ] Murrow has a village store , and The Bell Inn public house which is owned by Elgood 's Brewery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jatt_&_Juliet_2", "text": "Jatt & Juliet 2 ( Punjabi : ਜੱਟ ਐੰਡ ਜੂਲੀਅਟ-੨ ) is a 2013 Indian Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh . The film is a sequel to the 2012 blockbuster Jatt & Juliet , however not directly or story-wise . Actors Diljit Dosanjh and Neeru Bajwa reprise their roles from the previous film in the sequel amongst other characters . The film released on 28 June 2013 , almost a year after the release of the prequel , and received a positive response at the box office . Jatt & Juliet 2 went on to become the highest-grossing Punjabi film ever , thus beating the record previously held by the first Jatt & Juliet film . Jatt and Juliet 2 will be the first ever Punjabi movie to be released on Blu-ray . The movie was remade in Bengali in 2018 as Inspector Notty K ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.S.D._Calcio_Chieri_1955", "text": "Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Calcio Chieri 1955 is an Italian association football club , based in Chieri , Piedmont . Currently the team plays in Serie D Girone A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018–19_Serie_B", "text": "The 2018-19 Serie B ( known as Serie BKT for sponsorship reasons ) was the 87th season of Serie B in Italy since its establishment in 1929 . A total of 19 teams contested in the 2018-19 season , instead of the usual 22 teams , due to the exclusion of Bari , Cesena and Avellino . There are 12 teams returning from the 2017-18 Serie B season , 4 promoted from 2017-18 Serie C ( Livorno , Padova , Lecce , Cosenza ) and 3 relegated from 2017-18 Serie A ( Crotone , Hellas Verona , Benevento ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stingray_Group", "text": "Stingray Group , Inc. ( formerly Stingray Digital and Stingray Digital Group ) is a publicly traded Canadian media and entertainment company based in Montreal , Quebec , with offices in the United States , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , Switzerland , France , Israel , Australia and South Korea . The company broadcasts music and video content on platforms including cable and satellite television , IPTV , Internet , mobile devices and game consoles , and develops customized audio and digital services for retailers , hotels and other commercial clients . In 2018 , the company entered the terrestrial radio market by acquiring Canadian radio station group Newcap Radio for $ 506 million . Newcap 's owner , the family of Harold R. Steele , became Stingray 's largest outside shareholder as a result ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Highway_373", "text": "Highway 373 is a very short highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . It runs from Highway 42 to Highway 45/Highway 646 near Birsay . Highway 373 is about 14 km ( 9 mi ) long ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_4", "text": "The PlayStation 4 ( officially abbreviated as PS4 ) is an eighth-generation home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment . Announced as the successor to the PlayStation 3 in February 2013 , it was launched on November 15 in North America , November 29 in Europe , South America and Australia , and on February 22 , 2014 , in Japan . It competes with Microsoft 's Xbox One and Nintendo 's Wii U and Switch . Moving away from the more complex Cell microarchitecture of its predecessor , the console features an AMD Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) built upon the x86-64 architecture , which can theoretically peak at 1.84 teraflops ; AMD stated that it was the most powerful APU it had developed to date . The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices ( Remote Play ) , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely ( Share Play ) . The console 's controller was also redesigned and improved over the PlayStation 3 , with improved buttons and analog sticks , and an integrated touchpad among other changes . The console also supports HDR10 High-dynamic-range video and playback of 4K resolution multimedia . The PlayStation 4 was released to critical acclaim , with critics praising Sony for acknowledging its consumers ' needs , embracing independent game development , and for not imposing the restrictive digital rights management schemes like those originally announced by Microsoft for the Xbox One . Critics and third-party studios also praised the capabilities of the PlayStation 4 in comparison to its competitors ; developers described the performance difference between the console and Xbox One as significant and obvious . Heightened demand also helped Sony top global console sales . By the end of September 2019 , over 102 million PlayStation 4 consoles had been shipped worldwide , surpassing lifetime sales of the PlayStation 3 . On September 7 , 2016 , Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4 Slim , a smaller version of the console ; and a high-end version called the PlayStation 4 Pro , which features an upgraded GPU and a higher CPU clock rate to support enhanced performance and 4K resolution in supported games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asteras_Tripolis_F.C.", "text": "Asteras Tripolis Football Club ( Greek : ΠΑΕ Αστέρας Τρίπολης , transliterated Asteras Tripolis , translated Star of Tripoli ) is a Greek professional football club from the town of Tripoli in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece . The club was founded on 26 March 1931 and since the 2007-08 season , they have been in the Super League , the top professional league in Greece . The club 's home ground is the Theodoros Kolokotronis Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nairobi_City_Stadium", "text": "Nairobi City Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nairobi , Kenya . It is located east of the city centre . The stadium is owned by the Nairobi City Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston,_Massachusetts", "text": "Boston ( UK : /ˈbɒstən/ , US : /ˈbɔːstən/ ) is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States , and the 21st most populous city in the United States . The city proper covers 49 square miles ( 127 km2 ) with an estimated population of 694,583 in 2018 , also making it the most populous city in New England . Boston is the seat of Suffolk County as well , although the county government was disbanded on July 1 , 1999 . The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston , a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) home to a census-estimated 4.8 million people in 2016 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country . As a combined statistical area ( CSA ) , this wider commuting region is home to some 8.2 million people , making it the sixth most populous in the United States . Boston is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States , founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from the English town of the same name . It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution , such as the Boston Massacre , the Boston Tea Party , the Battle of Bunker Hill , and the Siege of Boston . Upon gaining U.S. independence from Great Britain , it continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture . The city has expanded beyond the original peninsula through land reclamation and municipal annexation . Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing more than 20 million visitors per year . Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public park ( Boston Common , 1634 ) , first public or state school ( Boston Latin School , 1635 ) and first subway system ( Tremont Street Subway , 1897 ) . Today , Boston is a thriving center of scientific research as well as port of entry for commerce and international immigration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanoi", "text": "Hanoi ( UK : / ( ˌ ) hæ- , həˈnɔɪ/ ha- , hə-NOY or US : /hɑː-/ hah-NOY ; Vietnamese : Hà Nội [ hàː nôjˀ ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of Vietnam . It covers an area of 3,328.9 square kilometres ( 1,285 sq mi ) . With an estimated population of 7.7 million as of 2018 , it is the second largest city in Vietnam . The metropolitan area , encompassing nine additional neighbouring provinces , has an estimated population of 16 million . Located in the central area of the Red River Delta , Hanoi is the commercial , cultural , and educational centre of Northern Vietnam . Having an estimated nominal GDP of US $ 32.8 billion , it is the second most productive economic centre of Vietnam , following Ho Chi Minh City . Originally a small settlement along the banks of the Red River , the city was founded as Thăng Long , the capital of Imperial Vietnam , in 1010 by monarch Lý Thái Tổ . Thăng Long would remain the most important political and cultural centre of Vietnam until 1802 , when the Nguyễn dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of Vietnam , moved the capital to Huế . Thăng Long renamed to its current name Hanoi in 1831 . In 1873 , Hanoi was conquered by the French , and from 1883 to 1945 , the city was the administrative centre of French Indochina . The French colonisation left a lasting impact on the city 's architecture that is visible today , as showcased through the juxtaposition of French-styled avenues , bridges , buildings , and traditional Vietnamese architecture . From 1940 to 1945 , Hanoi was occupied by the Japanese forces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kangaroo", "text": "The kangaroo is a marsupial from the family Macropodidae ( macropods , meaning large foot ) . In common use the term is used to describe the largest species from this family , especially those of the genus Macropus : the red kangaroo , antilopine kangaroo , eastern grey kangaroo , and western grey kangaroo . Kangaroos are indigenous to Australia . The Australian government estimates that 34.3 million kangaroos lived within the commercial harvest areas of Australia in 2011 , up from 25.1 million one year earlier . As with the terms wallaroo and wallaby , kangaroo refers to a paraphyletic grouping of species . All three refer to members of the same taxonomic family , Macropodidae , and are distinguished according to size . The largest species in the family are called kangaroos and the smallest are generally called wallabies . The term wallaroos refers to species of an intermediate size . There is also the tree-kangaroo , another genus of macropod , which inhabits the tropical rainforests of New Guinea , far northeastern Queensland and some of the islands in the region . A general idea of the relative size of these informal terms could be :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Vouliagmeni_Olympic_Centre", "text": "The Vouliagmeni Olympic Centre was the site of the men 's and women 's triathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens , Greece . It also hosted the individual time trial cycling events . Located at Vouliagmeni , south Athens , the temporary facility seated up to 3,600 , though only 2,200 seats were publicly available for the event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Police", "text": "The Police were a British rock band formed in London in 1977 . For most of their history the line-up consisted of primary songwriter Sting ( lead vocals , bass guitar ) , Andy Summers ( guitar ) , and Stewart Copeland ( drums , percussion ) . The Police became globally popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s . Emerging in the British new wave scene , they played a style of rock influenced by punk , reggae , and jazz . Considered one of the leaders of the Second British Invasion of the U.S. , in 1983 Rolling Stone labelled them the first British New Wave act to break through in America on a grand scale , and possibly the biggest band in the world . The Police disbanded in 1986 , but reunited in early 2007 for a one-off world tour that ended in August 2008 . Their 1978 debut album , Outlandos d'Amour , reached No . 6 in the UK Albums Chart . Their second album Reggatta de Blanc ( 1979 ) , became the first of four consecutive No . 1 studio albums in the UK and Australia with its lead single , Message in a Bottle , their first UK number one . Their next two albums , Zenyatta Mondatta ( 1980 ) and Ghost in the Machine ( 1981 ) , featuring Do n't Stand So Close to Me and Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic , both UK number one singles , saw further critical and commercial success . Their final studio album , Synchronicity ( 1983 ) , was No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Korihait", "text": "Korihait ( ) is a Finnish basketball team from Uusikaupunki . It was formed as Uudenkaupungin Urheilijat , shortly UU , in 1898 and has won one Korisliiga Finnish Championship ( 1990 ) and two Finnish Cups ( 1986 , 1988 ) . In 1994 UU had financial problems and entered bankruptcy . Korihait then took UU 's place in the league . The club play at Pohitullin Sports Hall , which has also hosted the Finland national handball team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cockermouth_School", "text": "Cockermouth School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in Cockermouth in the English county of Cumbria . Previously a community school administered by Cumbria County Council , Cockermouth School converted to academy status in September 2015 . However the school continues to coordinate with Cumbria County Council for admissions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Research_scientist", "text": "A scientist is someone who conducts scientific research to advance knowledge in an area of interest . In classical antiquity , there was no real ancient analog of a modern scientist . Instead , philosophers engaged in the philosophical study of nature called natural philosophy , a precursor of natural science . It was not until the 19th century that the term scientist came into regular use after it was coined by the theologian , philosopher , and historian of science William Whewell in 1833 . In modern times , many scientists have advanced degrees in an area of science and pursue careers in various sectors of the economy such as academia , industry , government , and nonprofit environments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 1976 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games ( French : XIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver , German : Olympische Winterspiele 1976 ) , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated February 4-15 , 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria . It was the second time the Tyrolean city hosted the Games , which were awarded to Innsbruck after Denver , the original host city , withdrew in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/4X", "text": "4X is a genre of strategy-based video and board games in which players control an empire and eXplore , eXpand , eXploit , and eXterminate . The term was coined by Alan Emrich in his September 1993 preview of Master of Orion for Computer Gaming World . Since then , others have adopted the term to describe games of similar scope and design . 4X computer games are noted for their deep , complex gameplay . Emphasis is placed upon economic and technological development , as well as a range of non-military routes to supremacy . Games can take a long time to complete since the amount of micromanagement needed to sustain an empire increases as the empire grows . 4X games are sometimes criticized for becoming tedious for these reasons , and several games have attempted to address these concerns by limiting micromanagement , with varying degrees of success . The earliest 4X games borrowed ideas from board games and 1970s text-based computer games . The first 4X computer games were turn-based , but real-time 4X games are not uncommon . Many 4X computer games were published in the mid-1990s , but were later outsold by other types of strategy games . Sid Meier 's Civilization is an important example from this formative era , and popularized the level of detail that later became a staple of the genre . In the new millennium , several 4X releases have become critically and commercially successful ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carnival_Cruise_Line", "text": "Carnival Cruise Line is an international cruise line with headquarters in Doral , Florida . Its logo is the funnel like the funnels found on its ships , with red , white and blue colors . The funnels are shaped like a whale 's tail . Carnival is ranked first on the list of largest cruise lines based on passengers carried annually and total number of ships in fleet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hunton_Bridge", "text": "Hunton Bridge is a small settlement near Abbots Langley , Hertfordshire , England , with a historic royal connection . Its population in the 1991 census was 327 . It is in the Three Rivers population of Langleybury . Hunton Bridge enjoyed its greatest prosperity during 1810-26 , when the Sparrows Herne turnpike ran through the village . Prior to that date the turnpike had run along Gypsy Lane and Upper Highway . In 1810 it was rerouted along Old Mill Lane to the village , and up the hill to reconnect with Upper Highway . By 1826 the presence of the canal and the works associated with it had dried out the bottom land sufficiently for the turnpike to be rerouted along what is now the A41 avoiding the climb up Hunton Bridge Hill . Today the village is situated between the M25 London orbital motorway and a spur of the motorway leading to Watford . The A41 trunk road runs just west of the village . The Hunton Bridge filling station just off the Watford spur ( Junction 19 of the M25 ) is a local landmark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dark_Knight_Rises", "text": "The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan , who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan , and the story with David S. Goyer . Based on the DC Comics character Batman , the film is the final installment in Nolan 's The Dark Knight Trilogy , and the sequel to The Dark Knight ( 2008 ) . Christian Bale stars as Bruce Wayne / Batman , alongside Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Anne Hathaway , Tom Hardy , Marion Cotillard , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , and Morgan Freeman . Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight , merciless revolutionary Bane forces Bruce Wayne to resume his role as Batman and save Gotham City from nuclear destruction . Christopher Nolan was hesitant about returning to the series for a third film , but agreed after developing a story with his brother and Goyer that he felt would conclude the series on a satisfactory note . Nolan drew inspiration from Bane 's comic book debut in the 1993 Knightfall storyline , the 1986 series The Dark Knight Returns , and the 1999 storyline No Man 's Land . Filming took place from May to November 2011 in locations including Jodhpur , London , Nottingham , Glasgow , Los Angeles , New York City , Newark , and Pittsburgh . Nolan used IMAX 70 mm film cameras for much of the filming , including the first six minutes of the film , to optimize the quality of the picture . A vehicle variation of the Batplane and Batcopter termed the Bat , an underground prison set , and a new Batcave set were created specifically for the film . As with The Dark Knight , viral marketing campaigns began early during production . When filming concluded , Warner Bros. refocused its campaign : developing promotional websites , releasing the first six minutes of the film , screening theatrical trailers , and sending out information regarding the film 's plot . The Dark Knight Rises premiered in New York City on March 16 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nasik_district", "text": "Nashik district , also known as Nasik district , is a district in Maharashtra , India . The city of Nashik is the administrative headquarters of the district . Nashik is well known for the production of wine . Nashik is also known as Mini Maharashtra , because the climate and soil conditions of Surgana , Peth , Igatpuri resembles with Konkan . Niphad , Sinnar , Dindori , Baglan blocks are like Western Maharashtra and Yeola , Nandgaon , Chandwad blocks are like Vidarbha Region . Nashik , Malegaon , Manmad , Igatpuri are some of the big cities situated in the Nashik District . Nashik district is the third largest district in Maharashtra in terms of population of 6,107,187 and occupying an area of 15,582 square kilometres in the north Maharashtra region . It is bounded by Dhule District to the north , Jalgaon District to the east , Aurangabad District to the southeast , Ahmadnagar District to the south , Thane District to the southwest , Valsad and Navsari districts of Gujarat to the west , and The Dangs district of Gujarat state to the northwest . The Western Ghats or Sahyadri range stretches from north to south across the western portion of the district . With the exception of the westernmost few villages , the western portion is hilly , and intersected by ravines , and only the simplest kind of cultivation is possible . The western slope of the Ghats is drained by several rivers , including the Daman Ganga River , which drains westwards to the Arabian Sea . The larger eastern portion of the district , which lies on the Deccan Plateau , is open , fertile , and well cultivated ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_John_Hurst", "text": "William John Hurst ( c.1829 - 29 September 1886 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in New Zealand and Mayor of Auckland . He was born in Berwick-upon-Tweed . He represented the Auckland West electorate from the 1879 election to 1881 , and then the Waitemata electorate from the 1881 election to 1886 when he died . His homestead , built in 1860 , is located in 288 Hurstmere Road in Takapuna . Hurst was ill and given leave from Parliament to travel home to England via San Francisco . He died in Folkestone , Kent , England in 1886 , aged 57 years . He was survived by his wife , Mary E. Hurst ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qashqadaryo_Region", "text": "Qashqadaryo Region ( Uzbek : Qashqadaryo viloyati , Қашқадарё вилояти , قەشقەدەريا ۋىلايەتى ; old spelling Kashkadarya Region ) is one of the regions of Uzbekistan , located in the south-eastern part of the country in the basin of the Qashqadaryo River and on the western slopes of the Pamir-Alay mountains . It borders with Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Samarqand Region , Bukhara Region and Surxondaryo Region . It covers an area of 28,400 km² . The population is estimated to be around 2,067,000 ( 2007 ) , with some 73% living in rural areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cindy_Klassen", "text": "Cindy Klassen , OM ( born August 12 , 1979 ) is a Canadian retired long track speed skater . She is a six-time medallist having achieved one gold , two silver , three bronze at the Winter Olympics . Klassen is tied with Clara Hughes for Canada 's all-time most decorated Olympian with six medals each . Both Klassen and Hughes are from Winnipeg . She is the only Canadian Olympian to win five medals in a single Olympic games and the first female speed skater to win five medals in a single games at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy . She was a world record holder in the 3000 m until March 2019 , when her time was beaten by Martina Sáblíková . She also holds the Canadian records over 1500 m and 5000 m. Klassen is the leader of the Adelskalender , which is the all-time world ranking for speed skating . In 2003 , Klassen became the first Canadian in 27 years to win the overall title at the World Speed Skating Championships . Klassen has several major awards and accolades to her name having won the Lou Marsh Trophy in 2006 , which is awarded for Canada 's best athlete of the year . Due to her tremendous accomplishments at the 2006 Winter Olympics and her many accomplishments throughout her career , Klassen was named to the Order of Manitoba . Klassen was awarded the Oscar Mathisen Award in 2006 for outstanding speed skating performance of the year . In 2007 , she was given the award for Female Athlete of the Year at the Canadian Sports Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix", "text": "Jordan Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor that competed from 1991 to 2005 . The team is named after Irish businessman and founder Eddie Jordan . Jordan and his team were well known for an easygoing attitude which added colour and character to Formula One in the 1990s . The team was based at Silverstone , UK but raced with the Irish licence . In early 2005 , the team was sold to Midland Group , who competed for one final season as 'Jordan ' , before renaming the team as MF1 Racing for the 2006 season , before being sold later in 2006 to Dutch car manufacturer Spyker to become Spyker F1 for 2007 , and then sold again to become Force India in 2008 . In 2018 , as a result of the financial collapse of the Force India team , and its subsequent buyout by a consortium led by Lawrence Stroll , the team 's FIA entry was not transferred , and the Jordan Grand Prix 's original entry was finally excluded from the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_National_Railway", "text": "The Canadian National Railway ( French : Canadien National ) ( reporting mark CN ) is a Canadian Class I freight railway headquartered in Montreal , Quebec , that serves Canada and the Midwestern and Southern United States . CN is Canada 's largest railway , in terms of both revenue and the physical size of its rail network , and is Canada 's only transcontinental railway company , spanning Canada from the Atlantic coast in Nova Scotia to the Pacific coast in British Columbia across about 20,400 route miles ( 32,831 km ) of track . CN is a public company with 24,000 employees , and as of July 2019 it had a market cap of approximately CA $ 90 billion . CN was government-owned , having been a Canadian Crown corporation from its founding to its privatization in 1995 . As of 2019 , Bill Gates is the largest single shareholder of CN stock . The railway was referred to as Canadian National Railways ( CNR ) between 1919 and 1960 , and as Canadian National/Canadien National ( CN ) from 1960 to the present ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashok_Kumar_(wrestler,_born_1969)", "text": "Ashok Kumar ( born 7 July 1969 ) is an Indian wrestler . He competed in the men 's freestyle 57 kg at the 1992 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erasmo_Ramírez_(right-handed_pitcher)", "text": "Erasmo José Ramírez Olivera ( born May 2 , 1990 ) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball pitcher for the New York Mets organization . He made his Major League Baseball ( MLB ) debut in 2012 for the Seattle Mariners , and has also played for the Tampa Bay Rays and Boston Red Sox . Listed at 5 feet 10 inches ( 1.78 m ) and 215 pounds ( 98 kg ) , he both throws and bats right-handed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lucy_Aikin", "text": "Lucy Aikin ( 6 November 1781 - 29 January 1864 ) was an English historical writer , biographer and correspondent . She also published under the pseudonyms Mary Godolphin , I. F. M. and J. F . W. [ Source ? ] Her literature-minded family included her aunt Anna Laetitia Barbauld , a writer of poetry , essays and children 's books ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Brandywine_(1825)", "text": "USS Brandywine ( formerly named Susquehanna ) was a wooden-hulled , three-masted frigate of the United States Navy bearing 44 guns which had the initial task of conveying the Marquis de Lafayette back to France . She was later recommissioned a number of times for service in various theaters , such as in the Mediterranean , in China and in the South Atlantic Ocean . During several instances she served as a role player in American gunboat diplomacy , a role she was well suited for with her large long-range 32-pounder guns and her short-range carronades which produced fragmentation and fire damage to the ship fired upon , as well as splinter and shrapnel injury to its crew ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ōita_Prefecture", "text": "Ōita Prefecture ( 大分県 , Ōita-ken ) is a prefecture on the island of Kyushu in Japan . The prefectural capital is the city of Ōita ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_Howitt", "text": "Mary Howitt ( 12 March 1799 - 30 January 1888 ) was an English poet , and author of the famous poem The Spider and the Fly . She translated several tales by Hans Christian Andersen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Home_by_the_Sea", "text": "Home by the Sea and Second Home by the Sea is a suite of two songs by English rock band Genesis . It first appeared on their eponymous album in 1983 . The lyrics were written by keyboardist Tony Banks and the music was written by the whole band . Lyrically , the song is about a burglar who breaks into a house only to find it is haunted . The burglar is captured by the ghosts , who force him to listen to their stories for the rest of his life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paulo_Campos_(football_manager)", "text": "Paulo Luiz Campos known as Paulo Campos ( born 20 February 1957 in Niterói ) is a Brazilian football manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-61-A", "text": "STS-61-A ( also known as D-1 ) was the 22nd mission of NASA 's Space Shuttle program . It was a scientific Spacelab mission , funded and directed by West Germany - hence the non-NASA designation of D-1 ( for Deutschland-1 ) . STS-61-A was the ninth and last successful flight of Space Shuttle Challenger . STS-61-A holds the current record for the largest crew - eight people - aboard any single spacecraft for the entire period from launch to landing . The mission carried the NASA/ESA Spacelab module into orbit with 76 scientific experiments on board , and was declared a success . Payload operations were controlled from the German Space Operations Center in Oberpfaffenhofen , West Germany , instead of from the regular NASA control centers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baydhabo", "text": "Baidoa ( Somali : Baydhabo ; is capital in the southwestern Bay region of Somalia . During the Middle Ages , Baidoa and its surrounding area was part of the Ajuran Sultanate . In 2005 , the Transitional Federal Government established temporary headquarters in Baidoa before an eventual relocation of government offices to Mogadishu . In 2012 , it was made the capital of the Southwestern State of Somalia , a prospective Federal Member State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perforce", "text": "Perforce , legally Perforce Software , Inc. , is a Minneapolis , Minnesota-based developer of software used for application development , including version control software , web-based repository management , developer collaboration , application lifecycle management and Agile planning software . The software is sold under the Helix and Hansoft brand names . The company is equally owned by private equity firms Clearlake Capital and Francisco Partners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yoon_Sung-Hyo", "text": "Yoon Sung-Hyo ( born 18 May 1962 ) is a South Korean football manager and former player . He is currently manager of Gimhae FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Foulkes", "text": "Henry Foulkes ( b. c.1773 - 17 September 1857 ) of North Wales was Principal of Jesus College , Oxford , from 1817 to his death . He holds the record for the long-serving Principal of the college . He studied at Jesus College , and was awarded his BA in 1794 , his MA in 1797 , his BD in 1804 and his DD in 1817 . At the time of his death , he was reported as being 84 years old , and he had not played a part in university life for some years on account of the infirmities attendant on old age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Sloan_Cormack", "text": "William Sloan Cormack ( 24 November 1898 - 30 November 1973 ) was a British college leader and political activist . Born in the Maryhill area of Glasgow , Cormack left school when he was fourteen years old and completed an apprenticeship as an engineer . In his spare time , he studied at night school , and thereby was able to enter the Royal Technical College , and finally the University of Glasgow , receiving a degree in mechanical engineering in 1921 . Cormack was a pacifist , following his parents , and joined the Glasgow Study Circle which they had set up . He opposed World War I , and in 1918 served time at Wormwood Scrubs as a conscientious objector , but agreed to undertake work at Dartmoor Prison , and was released in 1919 , joining the Independent Labour Party . After completing his degree and apprenticeship , Cormack worked as an engineering draughtsman , then trained as a teacher at Jordanhill College . He found work at Newport Technical College , then as a schoolteacher . He also stood for the Labour Party in Aberdeen and Kincardine East at the 1924 United Kingdom general election , and in Glasgow Hillhead at the 1929 United Kingdom general election , but was easily defeated on both occasions . In 1930 , Cormack received a doctorate from the University of Glasgow , his thesis entitled An Economic History of Shipbuilding and Engineering , with special reference to the West of Scotland . He worked for the Workers ' Educational Association for the next few years , then in 1935 became the principal of the new Stow College of Engineering . He held the post until 1964 , by which time the college had grown to 9,000 students . He was also active in the Educational Institute of Scotland ( EIS ) , and in 1945 was made a Fellow of the EIS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bornais", "text": "Bornish ( Scottish Gaelic : Bòrnais ) is a village on South Uist in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland . Bornish is also within the parish of South Uist . The A865 passes through Bornish , on the route between Lochmaddy and Lochboisdale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Judo_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Judo at the 2004 Summer Olympics took place in the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall and featured 368 judoka competing for 14 gold medals with seven different weight categories in both the men 's and women 's competitions . Japan dominated the event by taking 8 gold and 2 silver medals . Gold and silver medals in each weight class were determined by a single-elimination bracket . There was a repechage for those who are eliminated by one of the eventual semifinalists . Since there are four semifinalists , this means that four of the losers of the round of 32 ( i.e. , 25% ) faced four of the losers from the round of 16 ( 50% ) . The winners of these matches faced the four judokas who have lost in the quarterfinals . The winners , then , of these four matches faced each other to narrow the repechage field down to two judokas . Until this stage , the repechage has been segregated into two distinct halves , with each successive competitor facing another one from the same half of the original bracket ; but each of the two judokas who emerge from the repechage challenged the loser of the other bracket 's semifinal . ( Since these two always come from opposite halves of the original bracket , they could not have faced each other already . ) The winners of these two matches were each awarded a bronze medal , making judo unusual among Olympic events in not determining a single third-place finisher . There was controversy in the men 's competition , when Iranian competitor and two-times world champion Arash Miresmaeili weighed in overweight and was disqualified before a match in which he would have faced Israeli judoka Ehud Vaks . Miresmaeili 's comments strongly suggested that he had intentionally disqualified himself so as not to compete against an Israeli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detective_Investigation_Files_II", "text": "Detective Investigation Files II is a 40-episode 1995 Hong Kong TVB detective drama . It is the second installment in the Detective Investigation Files Series and was aired roughly eight months after the first series concluded . Michael Tao , Joey Leung , Kenix Kwok and Louisa So reprise their roles from the original series , along with new cast members Amy Kwok , Joseph Lee and Sammi Cheng . This series featured twelve cases ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Murray", "text": "William James Murray ( born September 21 , 1950 ) is an American actor , comedian , filmmaker , and writer . He first rose to fame on Saturday Night Live , a series of performances that earned him his first Emmy Award , and later starred in comedy films - including Meatballs ( 1979 ) , Caddyshack ( 1980 ) , Stripes ( 1981 ) , Tootsie ( 1982 ) , Ghostbusters ( 1984 ) , Scrooged ( 1988 ) , Ghostbusters II ( 1989 ) , What About Bob ? ( 1991 ) , and Groundhog Day ( 1993 ) . He also co-directed Quick Change ( 1990 ) . Murray later starred in Lost in Translation ( 2003 ) , which earned him a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award for Best Actor , as well as an Oscar nomination for Best Actor . He also frequently collaborated with directors Wes Anderson and Jim Jarmusch . He received Golden Globe nominations for his roles in Ghostbusters , Rushmore ( 1998 ) , Hyde Park on Hudson ( 2012 ) , St. Vincent ( 2014 ) , and the HBO miniseries Olive Kitteridge ( 2014 ) , for which he later won his second Primetime Emmy Award . Murray received the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor in 2016 . His comedy is known for its deadpan delivery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan", "text": "Japan ( Japanese : 日本 , Nippon [ ɲippoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) or Nihon [ ɲihoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) ) is an island country located in East Asia . It is bordered by the Sea of Japan to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east , and spans more than 3,000 kilometers ( 1,900 mi ) along the coast of the continent from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Philippine Sea in the south . Part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , Japan encompasses a stratovolcanic archipelago of about 6,852 islands , with five main islands ( Hokkaido , Honshu , Kyushu , Shikoku , and Okinawa ) comprising 97% of the country 's total area of 377,975 square kilometers ( 145,937 sq mi ) . Japan is officially divided into 47 prefectures and traditionally into eight regions . Approximately two-thirds of the country 's terrain is mountainous and heavily forested , and less than one-eighth of land is suitable for agriculture . Consequently , Japan is among the most densely populated and urbanized countries in the world , with over 90% of its population living in urban areas . The largest of these is the metropolitan area centered on the capital city of Tokyo , which is the most populous in the world and home to more than 38 million people . Japan itself is the world 's eleventh most populous country with a population of 126.2 million , of which 97.8% are ethnically Japanese . The kanji ( or Chinese characters ) that make up the name of Japan in the Japanese language mean sun origin ; in the Western world , the country is often known by the sobriquet Land of the Rising Sun . Periods of influence from other regions , primarily China , followed by periods of isolation , particularly from Western Europe , have characterized the history of Japan . While archaeological evidence indicates that Japan was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period , the first written mention of the archipelago appears in Chinese texts from the first century AD . Between the fourth and ninth centuries , the kingdoms of Japan became gradually unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō ( modern Kyoto ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luleå", "text": "Luleå ( /ˈluːleɪoʊ/ LOO-lay-oh , Swedish : [ ˈlʉ̌ːlɛɔ ] ( listen ) , locally [ ˈlʉ̌ːlɛ ] ( listen ) ; Westrobothnian : Lul , Leul , or Leol [ ²lʉːɽ ] , locally [ ²lewɽ ] ; Lule Sami : Luleju ) is a city on the coast of northern Sweden , and the capital of Norrbotten County , the northernmost county in Sweden . Luleå has 48,728 inhabitants in its urban core ( 2018 ) and is the seat of Luleå Municipality ( with a total population of 76,770 ) . Luleå has the seventh biggest harbor in Sweden for shipping goods . It has a large steel industry and is a center for extensive research . Luleå University of Technology is one of Sweden 's three technology universities ( the other two are KTH and Chalmers ) and the northernmost university in Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Concentration_camps", "text": "Internment is the imprisonment of people , commonly in large groups , without charges or intent to file charges , and thus no trial . The term is especially used for the confinement of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects . Thus , while it can simply mean imprisonment , it tends to refer to preventive confinement rather than confinement after having been convicted of some crime . Use of these terms is subject to debate and political sensitivities . Interned persons may be held in prisons or in facilities known as internment camps , also known as concentration camps . This involves internment generally , as distinct from the subset , the Nazi extermination camps , commonly referred to as death camps . Internment also refers to a neutral country 's practice of detaining belligerent armed forces and equipment on its territory during times of war under the Hague Convention of 1907 . The Universal Declaration of Human Rights restricts the use of internment . Article 9 states that No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest , detention or exile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Korean_romanization", "text": "Romanization of Korean refers to systems for representing the Korean language in the Latin script . Korea 's alphabetic script , called Hangul , has historically been used in conjunction with Hanja ( Chinese characters ) , though such practice has become infrequent . Romaja literally means Roman letters in Korean , and refers to the Latin script . Romaja is not to be confused with romanization . The former can be applied to any use of the Latin script in Korean text - whether for Korean or non-Korean words or names - while the latter refers to writing Korean words using the Latin script : either romanizing individual words in a Korean text , or writing an entire Korean text in the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huaral", "text": "Huaral is a town in central Peru , capital of the Huaral Province in the Department of Lima ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Kucinich", "text": "Dennis John Kucinich ( /kuːˈsɪnɪtʃ/ ; born October 8 , 1946 ) is an American politician . A former U.S. Representative from Ohio , serving from 1997 to 2013 , he was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for president of the United States in 2004 and 2008 . He was a candidate for governor of Ohio in the 2018 election , losing in the primary to Richard Cordray . From 1977 to 1979 , Kucinich served as the 53rd mayor of Cleveland , a tumultuous term in which he survived a recall election and was successful in a battle against selling the municipal electric utility before being defeated for reelection by George Voinovich . Because of redistricting following the 2010 state elections , Kucinich was pitted against 9th District incumbent Marcy Kaptur in the 2012 race for the Democratic nomination of Ohio 's 9th congressional district absorbed part of Cuyahoga County , which he lost . In January 2013 , he became a contributor on the Fox News Channel , appearing on programs such as The O'Reilly Factor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fergana_Valley", "text": "The Fergana Valley is a valley in Central Asia spread across eastern Uzbekistan , southern Kyrgyzstan and northern Tajikistan . Divided into three republics of the former Soviet Union , the valley is ethnically diverse and in the early 21st century was the scene of ethnic conflict . A large triangular valley in what is an often dry part of Central Asia , the Fergana owes its fertility to two rivers , the Naryn and the Kara Darya , which run from the east , joining near Namangan , forming the Syr Darya river . The valley 's history stretches back over 2,300 years , when its population was conquered by Greco-Bactrian invaders from the west . Chinese chroniclers date its towns to more than 2,100 years ago , as a path between Greek , Chinese , Bactrian and Parthian civilisations . It was home to Babur , founder of the Mughal Dynasty , tying the region to modern Afghanistan and South Asia . The Russian Empire conquered the valley at the end of the 19th century , and it became part of the Soviet Union in the 1920s . Its three Soviet republics gained independence in 1991 . The area largely remains Muslim , populated by ethnic Uzbek , Tajik and Kyrgyz people , often intermixed and not matching modern borders . Historically there have also been substantial numbers of Russian , Kashgarians , Kipchaks , Bukharan Jews and Romani minorities . Mass cotton cultivation , introduced by the Soviets , remains central to the economy , along with a wide range of grains , fruits and vegetables . There is a long history of stock breeding , leatherwork and a growing mining sector , including deposits of coal , iron , sulfur , gypsum , rock-salt , naphtha and some small known oil reserves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tri-Rail", "text": "Tri-Rail ( reporting mark TRCX ) is a commuter rail line linking Miami , Fort Lauderdale , and West Palm Beach , Florida , United States . The Tri prefix in the name refers to the three counties served by the railroad : Palm Beach , Broward , and Miami-Dade . Tri-Rail is managed by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority ( SFRTA ) along CSX Transportation 's former Miami Subdivision , the line now wholly owned by the Florida DOT . The 70.9-mile-long ( 114.1 km ) system has 18 stations along the Southeast Florida coast , and connects directly to Amtrak at numerous stations , and to Metrorail at the Tri-Rail and Metrorail Transfer station and at Miami Airport station . A second Tri-Rail line on the Florida East Coast Railway corridor , dubbed the Coastal Link , has been proposed . The line would operate between Toney Penna station in Jupiter and Virgin MiamiCentral in Downtown Miami , and add commuter rail service between the downtown areas of cities between West Palm Beach and Miami . Combined with the existing Tri-Rail line , the Tri-Rail system would have a daily passenger ridership of almost 30,000 ; or approximately 9 million passengers per annum , doubling Tri-Rail 's current ridership ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burray", "text": "Burray is one of the Orkney Islands in Scotland . It lies to the east of Scapa Flow and is one of a chain of islands linked by the Churchill Barriers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penang", "text": "Penang is a Malaysian state located on the northwest coast of Peninsular Malaysia , by the Malacca Strait . It has two parts : Penang Island , where the capital city , George Town , is located , and Seberang Perai on the Malay Peninsula . They are connected by Malaysia 's two longest road bridges , the Penang Bridge and the Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge ; the latter is also as of May 2019 the longest oversea bridge in Southeast Asia . The second smallest Malaysian state by land mass , Penang is bordered by Kedah to the north and the east , and Perak to the south . Penang 's population stood at nearly 1.767 million as of 2018 [ update ] , while its population density rose to 1,684/km2 ( 4,360/sq mi ) . It has among the nation 's highest population densities and is one of the country 's most urbanised states . Seberang Perai is Malaysia 's second largest city by population . Its heterogeneous population is highly diverse in ethnicity , culture , language and religion . Aside from the three main races , the Malays , Chinese , and Indians , Penang is home to significant Eurasian , Siamese and expatriate communities . George Town is also home to a UNESCO World Heritage Site . A resident of Penang is colloquially known as a Penangite or Penang Lâng ( in Penang Hokkien ) . Penang 's modern history began in 1786 , upon the establishment of George Town by Francis Light ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Water_frame", "text": "The water frame is a spinning frame that is powered by a water-wheel . Water frames in general have existed since ancient Egypt times . Richard Arkwright , who patented the technology in 1769 , designed a model for the production of cotton thread ; this was first used in 1765 . The Arkwright water frame was able to spin 96 threads at a time , which was an easier and faster method than ever before . The design was partly based on a spinning machine built for Thomas Highs by clock maker John Kay , who was hired by Arkwright . Being run on water power , it produced stronger and harder yarn than the then-famous spinning jenny , and propelled the adoption of the modern factory system . Another water-powered frame for the production of textiles was developed in 1760 , in the early industrialised town of Elberfeld , Prussia ( now in Wuppertal , Germany ) , by German bleach plant owner Johann Heinrich Bockmühl . The water frame is derived from the use of a water wheel to drive a number of spinning frames . The water wheel provided more power to the spinning frame than human operators , reducing the amount of human labor needed and increasing the spindle count dramatically . However , unlike the spinning jenny , the water frame could spin only one thread at a time until Samuel Compton combined the two inventions into his spinning mule in 1779 . The water frame was originally powered by horses at a factory built by Arkwright and partners in Nottingham . In 1770 Arkwright and partners built a water powered mill in Cromford , Derbyshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oklahoma_City", "text": "Oklahoma City ( /oʊkləˌhoʊmə -/ ) , often shortened to OKC , is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Oklahoma . The county seat of Oklahoma County , the city ranks 27th among United States cities in population . The population grew following the 2010 Census , with the population estimated to have increased to 649,021 as of July 2018 . The Oklahoma City metropolitan area had a population of 1,396,445 , and the Oklahoma City-Shawnee Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,469,124 residents , making it Oklahoma 's largest municipality and metropolitan area by population . Oklahoma City 's city limits extend somewhat into Canadian , Cleveland , and Pottawatomie counties , though much of those areas outside the core Oklahoma County area are suburban tracts or protected rural zones ( watershed ) . The city ranks as the eighth-largest city in the United States by total area when including consolidated city-counties ; it is the second largest city in the United States by total area , following Houston , when not including consolidated cities . Lying in the Great Plains region , Oklahoma City has one of the world 's largest livestock markets . Oil , natural gas , petroleum products and related industries are the largest sector of the local economy . The city is in the middle of an active oil field and oil derricks dot the capitol grounds . The federal government employs large numbers of workers at Tinker Air Force Base and the United States Department of Transportation 's Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center ( these two sites house several offices of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Transportation Department 's Enterprise Service Center , respectively ) . Oklahoma City is on the I-35 Corridor , which is one of the primary travel corridors south into neighboring Texas and Mexico and north towards Wichita and Kansas City . Located in the state 's Frontier Country region , the city 's northeast section lies in an ecological region known as the Cross Timbers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kwak_Ji-kyoon", "text": "Kwak Ji-kyoon ( born Kwak Jung-kyoon , November 10 , 1954 - May 25 , 2010 ) was a South Korean film director and screenwriter . Kwak made his directorial debut in 1986 with the film Winter Wanderer and became well known for directing melodramatic films such as Portrait of the Days of Youth ( 1991 ) and Plum Blossom ( 2000 ) . He committed suicide on May 25 , 2010 , after suffering from depression for the past 10 years and had a hard time dealing with the thought of not being able to make movies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensor_Lima", "text": "Club Atlético Defensor Lima is a Peruvian football club located in the district of Breña , Lima . The club was founded on July 31 , 1931 . The club plays in the Copa Perú , which is the third division of the Peruvian league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacksonville_Dolphins_football", "text": "The Jacksonville Dolphins football program was the intercollegiate American football team for Jacksonville University located in the U.S. state of Florida . The team competed in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) and were members of the Pioneer Football League . The team played its home games at the 5,000 seat D. B. Milne Field in Jacksonville , Florida . On December 3 , 2019 , the university announced it would discontinue its football program , effective immediately ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Friskney", "text": "Friskney is a village and civil parish within the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . The parish includes the settlement of Friskney Eaudyke . The 2011 Census recorded a parish population of 1,563. in 652 households ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Triple_Eight_Race_Engineering_(Australia)", "text": "Triple Eight Race Engineering is an Australian motor racing team competing in the Supercars Championship . The team has been the only Brisbane based V8 Supercar team since its formation , originally operating out of the former Briggs Motor Sport workshop in Bowen Hills before moving to Banyo in 2009 . Since taking over the former Briggs Motor Sport team during the 2003 season the team has won the Supercars Championship eight times , the team 's championship eight times and the Bathurst 1000 seven times . The team currently runs two Holden ZB Commodores for Jamie Whincup and Shane van Gisbergen . Additionally , the team provides technical support to Tekno Autosports , Charlie Schwerkolt Racing and Matt Stone Racing . The team performs its testing at Queensland Raceway . Originally affiliated with champion British Touring Car Championship race team Triple Eight Racing and owned by Peter Butterly , Roland Dane , Ian Harrison and Derek Warwick , Dane later took majority ownership , with Harrison maintaining a minority shareholding . In late 2015 , Dane sold a ~ 30% shareholding in the team to Paul Dumbrell , Tim Miles and Trinette Schipkie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benbecula", "text": "Benbecula ( /bɛnˈbɛkjʊlə/ ( listen ) ; Scottish Gaelic : Beinn nam Fadhla or Beinn na Faoghla ) is an island of the Outer Hebrides , in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland . In the 2011 census it had a usually resident population of 1,283 , with a sizable percentage of Roman Catholics . It forms part of the area administered by Comhairle nan Eilean Siar or the Western Isles Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vijay_Award_for_Best_Director", "text": "The Vijay for Best Director is given by STAR Vijay as part of its annual Vijay Awards ceremony for Tamil ( Kollywood ) films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_W._Harris", "text": "George W. Harris ( March 6 , 1835 - January 30 , 1921 ) was a United States soldier who fought with the Union Army during the American Civil War as a private with Company B of the 148th Pennsylvania Infantry , a regiment which was present in every battle of the Army of the Potomac from Chancellorsville to the surrender at Appomattox and was in the hottest fighting of all of them except the Wilderness . On December 1 , 1864 , he received his nation 's highest award for valor , the U.S. Medal of Honor , for capturing the enemy 's flag while engaged in hand-to-hand combat with the enemy during the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House on May 12 , 1864 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liga_Federal", "text": "The Federal League or League of Free Peoples ( Spanish : Liga Federal or Liga de los Pueblos Libres ) was an alliance of provinces in what is now Uruguay , Argentina and Brazil that aimed to establish a confederal organization for the state that was emerging from the May Revolution in the war of independence against the Spanish Empire . Inspired and led by José Gervasio Artigas , it proclaimed independence from the Spanish Crown in 1815 and sent provincial delegates to the Congress of Tucumán with instructions regarding the nonnegotiable objective of declaring full independence for the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata and establishing a confederation of provinces , all of them on equal footing and the government of each being directly accountable to its peoples by direct democratic means of government . The delegates from these provinces were rejected on formalities from the Congress that declared the independence of the United Provinces of South America in July 9 , 1816 . The Federal League confronted the centralist governments , as well as the interests of the economic and cultural elite of Buenos Aires and Montevideo , in what later amounted to a civil war . In 1820 , the federalist governors of Santa Fe and Entre Ríos provinces , Estanislao López and Francisco Ramírez , defeated a diminished Directorial army , ending the centralized government of the United Provinces and establishing a federal agreement with Buenos Aires Province . The league was dissolved after its constituent provinces rejoined the United Provinces , now under a federal provisional organisation , and after the invasion of the Banda Oriental by Brazilian-Portuguese empire and the defeat of Artigas . At its largest extent , the League extended over the territories of present-day Uruguay , the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul and the Argentine provinces of Entre Ríos , Santa Fe , Corrientes , Misiones and Córdoba . It was instrumental in the Guaraní participation on the revolutionary cause ) . Although the country was intended to extend throughout modern-day Argentina , its leadership was based on Purificación and the Eastern Bank of the Uruguay river . Therefore , it is sometimes considered a predecessor state of modern Uruguay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGET-TV", "text": "KGET-TV , virtual channel 17 ( UHF digital channel 25 ) , is a dual NBC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Bakersfield , California , United States . Owned by Nexstar Media Group , it is a sister station to low-power Telemundo affiliate KKEY-LP , channel 13 ( which is simulcast on KGET-TV 's third digital subchannel ) . The two stations share studios on L Street in downtown Bakersfield ; KGET 's transmitter is located atop Mount Adelaide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OpenBSD", "text": "OpenBSD is a free and open-source Unix-like operating system based on the Berkeley Software Distribution . Theo de Raadt created OpenBSD in 1995 by forking NetBSD . According to de Raadt , OpenBSD is a research operating system for developing security mitigations . The system is intended to be secure by default . Many of its security features are not included in other operating systems . According to author Michael W. Lucas , OpenBSD is widely regarded as the most secure operating system available anywhere , under any licensing terms . : xxix The OpenBSD project maintains portable versions of many subsystems as packages for other operating systems . Because of the project 's emphasis on code quality , many components are reused in other software projects . Android uses its C standard library , LLVM uses its regular expression library , and Windows 10 uses OpenSSH with LibreSSL . The name OpenBSD refers to the availability of the source code on the Internet . It also refers to the wide range of hardware platforms the system supports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magdeburg", "text": "Magdeburg ( German pronunciation : [ ˈmakdəbʊɐ̯k ] ( listen ) ; Low Saxon : Meideborg , [ ˈmaˑɪdebɔɐ̯x ] ) is the capital city and the second largest city of the state of Saxony-Anhalt , Germany . It is situated on the Elbe River . Otto I , the first Holy Roman Emperor and founder of the archbishopric of Magdeburg , was buried in the town 's cathedral after his death . Magdeburg 's version of German town law , known as Magdeburg rights , spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe . Until 1631 , Magdeburg was one of the largest and most prosperous German cities and a notable member of the Hanseatic League . Magdeburg has been destroyed twice in its history . The Catholic League sacked Magdeburg in 1631 , resulting in the death of 25,000 non-combatants , the largest loss of the Thirty Years ' War . Allies bombed the city in 1945 , destroying much of it . Magdeburg is the site of two universities , the Otto-von-Guericke University and the Magdeburg-Stendal University of Applied Sciences . Magdeburg is situated on autobahn route 2 , and hence is at the connection point of the East ( Berlin and beyond ) with the West of Europe , as well as the North and South of Germany . As a modern manufacturing center , the production of chemical products , steel , paper , and textiles are of particular economic significance , along with mechanical engineering and plant engineering , ecotechnology and life-cycle management , health management and logistics . In 2005 Magdeburg celebrated its 1200th anniversary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Animals", "text": "The Animals are an English rhythm and blues and rock band , formed in Newcastle upon Tyne in the early 1960s . The band moved to London upon finding fame in 1964 . The Animals were known for their gritty , bluesy sound and deep-voiced frontman Eric Burdon , as exemplified by their signature song and transatlantic No . 1 hit single , House of the Rising Sun , as well as by hits such as We Got ta Get Out of This Place , It 's My Life , I 'm Crying and Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood . The band balanced tough , rock-edged pop singles against rhythm and blues-orientated album material and were part of the British Invasion of the US . The Animals underwent numerous personnel changes in the mid-1960s and suffered from poor business management . Under the name Eric Burdon and the Animals , the much-changed act moved to California and achieved commercial success as a psychedelic and hard rock band with hits like San Franciscan Nights , When I Was Young and Sky Pilot , before disbanding at the end of the decade . Altogether , the group had ten Top Twenty hits in both the UK Singles Chart and the US Billboard Hot 100 . The original lineup of Burdon , Alan Price , Chas Chandler , Hilton Valentine and John Steel reunited for a one-off benefit concert in Newcastle in 1968 . They later had brief comebacks in 1975 and 1983 . There have been several partial regroupings of the original era members since then under various names . The Animals were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajkumar_(actor)", "text": "Singanalluru Puttaswamy Mutturaju ( 24 April 1929 - 12 April 2006 ) , known mononymously by his stage name Rajkumar or Dr. Rajkumar was a popular Indian film actor and playback singer in the Kannada cinema . Widely acclaimed as one of the finest actors in the history of Indian cinema , he is considered a cultural icon and holds a matinée idol status in the Kannada diaspora , among whom he is popularly adulated as Nata Saarvabhouma ( emperor of actors ) , Bangarada Manushya ( man of gold ) , Vara Nata ( gifted actor ) and Rajanna / Annavru ( elder brother , Raj ) . He was honored by Padma Bhushan Award in 1983 , several national and state awards . Rajkumar entered the film industry after his long stint as a dramatist with Gubbi Veeranna 's Gubbi Drama Company , which he joined at the age of eight before he got his first break as a lead in the 1954 film Bedara Kannappa . He went on to work in over 220 films essaying a variety of roles and excelling in portraying mythological and historical characters in films such as Bhakta Kanakadasa ( 1960 ) , Ranadheera Kanteerava ( 1960 ) , Satya Harishchandra ( 1965 ) , Immadi Pulikeshi ( 1967 ) , Sri Krishnadevaraya ( 1970 ) , Bhakta Kumbara ( 1974 ) , Mayura ( 1975 ) , Babruvahana ( 1977 ) and Bhakta Prahlada ( 1983 ) . Trained in classical music during his theatre days , Rajkumar also became an accomplished playback singer . He mostly sang for his films since 1974 . The songs Yaare Koogadali , Huttidare Kannada , Hey Dinakara , Hrudaya Samudra , and Naadamaya became widely popular . For his rendition of the latter song , he was awarded the National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer . Well known for his highly disciplined and simple lifestyle in both personal and professional fronts , Rajkumar was also an avid Yoga , Pranayama , and Carnatic music performer . In 2000 , he was kidnapped from his farmhouse at Gajanur by Veerappan and was released after 108 days . His final screen appearance came in Jogi in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AAA_Latin_American_Championship", "text": "The AAA Latin American Championship ( Campeonato Latinoamericano AAA in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide ( AAA ) promotion in Mexico . The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches , in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition . The title was first announced on May 18 , 2011 , as part of a storyline , where wrestlers from American promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) invaded AAA . It was revealed that on June 18 at Triplemanía XIX AAA 's Dr. Wagner Jr. would face TNA 's Rob Van Dam for the newly created AAA Latin American Championship . No qualification matches took place prior to the match . Wagner went on to defeat Van Dam in the main event of Triplemanía XIX to become the first champion . The physical belt was designed and crafted by All Star Championship Belts . There have been ten reigns shared among ten wrestlers . Daga is the current champion , after defeating Drago on October 19 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Minaa", "text": "Al-Mina ' a Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الميناء الرياضي , lit . 'Port Sports Club ' ) is an Iraqi multi-sport club based in Al-Maqal , Basra that participates in the Iraqi Premier League , the top-flight of Iraqi football . They are one of the most popular clubs in Iraq , particularly in the south , and were the first club from outside Baghdad to win the Iraqi Premier League . Al-Mina ' a was founded on November 22 , 1931 , in Al-Maqal . In 1974 , the club was merged with another club called Al-Bareed to form a single club called Al-Muwasalat , and it was a strange situation because the Al-Bareed team were based in Baghdad while Al-Mina ' a were based in Basra and the two teams met in Baghdad on the day of the match only , so after just one season the club was dissolved and Al-Mina ' a returned in their place . In the 1978 , the team won the league title for the first time . After a lean period in the post-war years , the team finished second in the league in the 2004-05 season , and therefore qualified for the 2006 AFC Champions League , becoming the first Iraqi club from outside Baghdad to play in this tournament . For a long time , the club was considered to be one of the Iraqi football clubs that had its own style of play , and the team practiced only under the supervision and training of coaches who graduated from the club , until the beginning of 2011 , when the club started to depend on foreign coaches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowling_Green_Falcons_football", "text": "The Bowling Green Falcons football team is the intercollegiate football team of Bowling Green State University . The team is a member of the NCAA , playing at the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision , formerly Division I-A , level ; BGSU football competes within the Mid-American Conference in the East Division . The Falcons have played their home games in Doyt Perry Stadium since 1966 . The stadium currently holds 24,000 spectators . In their 93-year history , the Falcons have won 12 MAC championships and a College Division national championship - as voted by the UPI in 1959 . The current head coach is Scot Loeffler ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Thompson", "text": "Samuel Luther Big Sam Thompson ( March 5 , 1860 - November 7 , 1922 ) was an American professional baseball player from 1884 to 1898 and with a brief comeback in 1906 . At 6 feet , 2 inches , the Indiana native was one of the larger players of his day and was known for his prominent handlebar mustache . He played as a right fielder in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Wolverines ( 1885-1888 ) , Philadelphia Phillies ( 1889-1898 ) and Detroit Tigers ( 1906 ) . He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1974 . Thompson had a .331 career batting average and was one of the most prolific run producers in baseball history . His career run batted in ( RBI ) to games played ratio of .923 ( 1,305 RBIs in 1,410 games ) remains the highest in major league history . In 1895 , Thompson averaged 1.44 RBIs per game , and his 166 RBIs in 1887 ( in only 127 games ) remained the major league record until 1921 when Babe Ruth collected 168 ( albeit in 152 games ) . Thompson still holds the major league record for most RBIs in a single month with 61 in August 1894 while playing for the Phillies . Manager Bill Watkins in 1922 called Thompson the greatest natural hitter of all time . Defensively , Thompson was known to have one of the strongest arms of any outfielder in the early decades of the game . He still ranks among the all-time major league leaders with 61 double plays from the outfield ( 16th all time ) and 283 outfield assists ( 12th all time ) . Thompson also had good speed on the base paths and , in 1889 , he became the first major league player to reach 20 home runs and 20 stolen bases in the same season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gdańsk", "text": "Gdańsk ( /ɡəˈdænsk/ , also US : /ɡəˈdɑːnsk/ , Polish : [ ɡdaj̃sk ] ( listen ) ; Kashubian : Gduńsk ; German : Danzig [ ˈdantsɪç ] ( listen ) ) is a city on the Baltic coast of northern Poland . With a population of 468,158 , Gdańsk is the capital and largest city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship and one of the most prominent cities within the cultural and geographical region of Kashubia . It is Poland 's principal seaport and the centre of the country 's fourth-largest metropolitan area . The city is situated on the southern edge of Gdańsk Bay on the Baltic Sea , in a conurbation with the city of Gdynia , the resort town of Sopot , and suburban communities ; these form a metropolitan area called the Tricity ( Trójmiasto ) , with a population approaching 1.4 million . Gdańsk lies at the mouth of the Motława River , connected to the Leniwka , a branch in the delta of the nearby Vistula River , which drains 60 percent of Poland and connects Gdańsk with the Polish capital , Warsaw . Together with the nearby port of Gdynia , Gdańsk is also a notable industrial centre . The city 's history is complex , with periods of Polish , Prussian and German rule , and periods of autonomy or self-rule as a free city state . In the early-modern age , Gdańsk was a royal city of Poland . It was considered the wealthiest and the largest city of Poland , before the 18th century rapid growth of Warsaw . In the late Middle Ages it was an important seaport and shipbuilding town and , in the 14th and 15th centuries , a member of the Hanseatic League . In the interwar period , owing to its multi-ethnic make-up and history , Gdańsk lay in a disputed region between Poland and Germany , which became known as the Polish Corridor . The city 's ambiguous political status was exploited , furthering tension between the two countries , which would ultimately culminate in the Invasion of Poland and the first clash of the Second World War just outside the city limits , followed by the flight and expulsion of the majority of the previous population in 1945 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_of_Croatia_(Habsburg)", "text": "The Kingdom of Croatia ( Croatian : Kraljevina Hrvatska ; Latin : Regnum Croatiae Hungarian : Horvát Királyság German : Königreich Kroatien ) was part of the Habsburg Monarchy that existed between 1527 and 1868 ( also known between 1804 and 1867 as the Austrian Empire ) , as well as a part of the Lands of the Hungarian Crown , but was subject to direct Imperial Austrian rule for significant periods of time , including its final years . Its capital was Zagreb . Until the 18th century , the Habsburg Kingdom of Croatia included only a small north-western part of present-day Croatia around Zagreb , and a small strip of coastland around Rijeka that was not part of the Ottoman Empire or part of the Habsburg Military Frontier . Between 1744 and 1868 the Kingdom of Croatia included a subordinate autonomous kingdom , the Kingdom of Slavonia . The territory of the Slavonian kingdom was recovered from the Ottoman Empire , and was subsequently part of the Habsburg Military Frontier for a period . In 1744 these territories were organized as the Kingdom of Slavonia and included within the Kingdom of Croatia as an autonomous part . In 1868 both were merged again into the newly formed Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Kentucky_Hilltoppers_basketball", "text": "The Western Kentucky Hilltoppers men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents Western Kentucky University ( WKU ) in Bowling Green , Kentucky . The Hilltoppers currently compete in Conference USA . The team 's most recent appearance in the NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament was in 2013 . Rick Stansbury was announced as the team 's current head coach on March 28 , 2016 . The men 's basketball program has the 16th most victories in the history of the NCAA and has attained the eighth best winning percentage in NCAA history . The school made an NCAA Final Four appearance in 1971 , which was later vacated , and has made four NIT Final Four appearances , including three in the early days of the NIT when it was on par with the NCAA tournament . The program has won numerous Ohio Valley Conference championships and was very competitive in its previous conference , the Sun Belt Conference , regularly finishing near the top of the conference and competing for the conference championship . In 2014 , the Hilltoppers joined Conference USA following conference realignment . Street & Smith 's publication 100 Greatest Programs , ranked WKU # 31 . WKU has had 30 All Americans and 56 Hilltoppers have played professionally following their collegiate careers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chemelil_Sugar", "text": "Chemelil Sugar Football Club , or simply Chemelil Sugar FC , is a Kenyan football club based in Chemelil . They have been playing in the top division in Kenyan football since 1997 . Their home stadium is Chemelil Sports Complex . The club won Kenyan Cup in 2003 , but most top clubs pulled out of the competition due to a feud between them and Kenya Football Federation . The club is owned by the Chemelil Sugar Company . The club was founded in 1968 and joined the district league . It won the Provincial league in 1995 and was promoted to the Super League ( the 2nd tier league in Kenya ) . The team needed only one season to be promoted to the Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Itoigawa,_Niigata", "text": "Itoigawa ( 糸魚川市 , Itoigawa-shi ) is a city located in Niigata Prefecture , Japan . As of 1 July 2019 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 41,513 , and a population density of 55.6 persons per km² . The total area of the city is 746.24 square kilometres ( 288.12 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wingard_Ferry", "text": "The Wingard Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan near Wingard , Saskatchewan . The ferry crosses the North Saskatchewan River , as part of Grid Road 783 . The six-car ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure . The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 7:00 am and midnight , during the ice-free season . The ferry has a length of 16.7 metres ( 55 ft ) , a width of 6.7 metres ( 22 ft ) , and a load limit of 18.5 tonnes ( 18.2 long tons ; 20.4 short tons ) . The ferry transport approximately 10,000 vehicles a year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vladimír_Weiss_(footballer,_born_1964)", "text": "Vladimír Weiss ( born 22 September 1964 ) is a Slovak football coach and former player . He is currently coach of the Georgian national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Knight's_Tale", "text": "A Knight 's Tale is a 2001 American medieval adventure-comedy film written , produced , and directed by Brian Helgeland . The film stars Heath Ledger , Shannyn Sossamon , Mark Addy , Alan Tudyk , Rufus Sewell , Laura Fraser , Paul Bettany as Geoffrey Chaucer , and James Purefoy as Sir Thomas Colville/Edward the Black Prince . The story is told in an anachronistic style with many modern references . It follows a peasant named William who poses as a knight and competes in tournaments , winning accolades and acquiring friendships with such historical figures as Edward the Black Prince and Geoffrey Chaucer . The film takes its title from Chaucer 's The Knight 's Tale in his The Canterbury Tales , though the plot is not similar . It was a modest success at the box office , earning $ 117.5 million against a budget of $ 65 million , but received mixed reviews ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Hitte_system", "text": "The La Hitte system ( French : Système La Hitte ) , named after the French general Ducos , Count de La Hitte , was an artillery system designed in March 1858 to implement rifled muzzle-loading guns in the French Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nukus", "text": "Nukus ( Uzbek : Nukus , Нукус ; Karakalpak : Nókis , Нөкис ; Kazakh : Núkis ; Russian : Нукус ) is the sixth-largest city in Uzbekistan , and the capital of the Republic of Karakalpakstan . The population of Nukus as of January 1 , 2018 was approximately 312,100 . The Amu Darya river passes west of the town . The city is best known for its world-class Nukus Museum of Art ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCEC_(TV)", "text": "KCEC , virtual channel 14 ( UHF digital channel 15 ) , is a Univision-owned television station serving Denver , Colorado , United States that is licensed to Boulder . The station is owned by the Univision Local Media subsidiary of Univision Communications ; Entravision Communications , which owns Denver-licensed UniMás affiliate KTFD-TV ( channel 50 ) , operates KCEC under a local marketing agreement ( LMA ) . The two stations share studios on Mile High Stadium West Circle in Denver ; KCEC 's transmitter is located atop Mount Morrison in western Jefferson County . On cable , the station is available on Comcast Xfinity in standard definition on channel 10 , and in high definition on digital channel 647 . It is also carried on CenturyLink Prism channels 50 and 1050 . KVSN-DT ( channel 48 ) in Pueblo operates as a semi-satellite of KCEC , expanding the Univision signal into South-Central Colorado . As such , it simulcasts all Univision programming as provided through its parent , and the two stations share a website . However , KVSN airs separate commercial inserts and legal identifications . Local newscasts , produced by KCEC and branded as Noticias Univision Colorado , are simulcast on both stations . KVSN does not maintain any facilities in Pueblo or Colorado Springs ; master control and internal operations are based at KCEC 's studios ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southwest_Conference", "text": "The Southwest Conference ( SWC ) was an NCAA Division I college athletic conference in the United States that existed from 1914 to 1996 . Composed primarily of schools from Texas , at various times the conference included schools from Oklahoma and Arkansas as well , but not from the actual Southwestern United States . For most of its history , the core members of the conference were Texas-based schools plus one in Arkansas : Rice University , Southern Methodist University , Texas A & M University , Texas Christian University , Baylor University , the University of Arkansas , and the University of Texas . After a long period of stability , the conference 's overall athletic prowess began to decline throughout the 1980s , due in part to numerous member schools violating NCAA recruiting rules , culminating in the suspension of the entire SMU football program ( death penalty ) for the 1987 and 1988 seasons . Arkansas , after years of feeling like an outsider in the conference , left after the 1990-91 school year to join the Southeastern Conference , although they did compete in the SWC in football for the 1991 season . Five years later , the conference precipitously broke up as Baylor , Texas , Texas A & M , and Texas Tech ( which had entered in 1956 ) combined with the members of the former Big Eight Conference to form a new league , the Big 12 Conference , while Rice , SMU , TCU , and Houston ( which entered the SWC in 1976 ) found homes in less prominent conferences ( although TCU later joined the Big 12 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gholamreza_Takhti", "text": "Gholamreza Takhti ( Persian : غلامرضا تختی , August 27 , 1930 - January 7 , 1968 ) was an Iranian Olympic Gold-Medalist wrestler and Varzesh-e Bastani practitioner . Popularly nicknamed Jahān Pahlevān ( The World Champion ) because of his chivalrous behavior and sportsmanship ( Javanmardi in Iranian culture ) , he was the most popular athlete of Iran in the 20th century , although dozens of Iranian athletes have won more international medals than he did . Takhti is still a hero to many Iranians . He is listed in the FILA wrestling hall of fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Virtus_Entella", "text": "Virtus Entella , commonly referred to as Entella is an Italian football club based in Chiavari , Liguria . They currently play in Serie B ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Irene_Gilbert_(swimmer)", "text": "Irene Gilbert ( 22 January 1903 - October 1988 ) was a British swimmer . She competed in the women 's 200 metre breaststroke event at the 1924 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daegu_Stadium", "text": "Daegu Stadium , also known as the Blue Arc , is a sports stadium located in Daegu , South Korea . It was formerly named Daegu World Cup Stadium but was changed to Daegu Stadium on 5 March 2008 . It has a seating capacity for 66,422 people , and parking for 3,550 cars . It is located approximately 11 kilometers or 20 minutes by car from Daegu Airport . It is managed by the Daegu Sports Facilities Management Center . It was one of the host venues of the 2002 FIFA World Cup and the main stadium for the 2003 Summer Universiade and the 2011 World Championships in Athletics . It was the home stadium of Daegu FC until 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Claydon", "text": "East Claydon is a village and is also a civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . It is about 2 1⁄2 miles ( 4 km ) south-west of Winslow . The village name 'Claydon ' is Anglo Saxon in origin , and derives from the Old English : clægig + dun meaning 'clay hill ' . The affix 'East ' is used to differentiate the village from nearby Steeple Claydon and Middle Claydon , and from the hamlet of Botolph Claydon that lies within the parish of East Claydon . The parish church dedicated to St Mary was demolished during the English Civil War by Cornelius Holland , one of King Charles 's judges , but was rebuilt after the restoration . The current structure is largely of 18th century design , but comprises components from various centuries , the earliest of which is the 13th century . East Claydon School is a mixed , community , nursery , infant and junior school , which takes children from the age of three through to the age of 11 , when they generally move to a school in Waddesdon or Winslow . The school is quite small , with approximately seventy pupils ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alberta", "text": "Alberta is a province of Canada . With an estimated population of 4,067,175 as of 2016 census , it is Canada 's fourth most populous province and the most populous of Canada 's three prairie provinces . Its area is about 660,000 square kilometres ( 250,000 sq mi ) . Alberta and its neighbour Saskatchewan were districts of the Northwest Territories until they were established as provinces on September 1 , 1905 . The premier is Jason Kenney as of April 30 , 2019 . Alberta is bordered by the provinces of British Columbia to the west and Saskatchewan to the east , the Northwest Territories to the north , and the U.S. state of Montana to the south . Alberta is one of three Canadian provinces and territories to border only a single U.S. state and one of only two landlocked provinces . It has a predominantly humid continental climate , with stark contrasts over a year ; but seasonal temperature average swings are smaller than in areas further east , due to winters being warmed by occasional chinook winds bringing sudden warming . Alberta 's capital , Edmonton , is near the geographic centre of the province and is the primary supply and service hub for Canada 's crude oil , the Athabasca oil sands and other northern resource industries . About 290 km ( 180 mi ) south of the capital is Calgary , the largest city in Alberta . Calgary and Edmonton centre Alberta 's two census metropolitan areas , both of which have populations exceeding one million , while the province has 16 census agglomerations . Tourist destinations in the province include Banff , Canmore , Drumheller , Jasper , Sylvan Lake and Lake Louise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_anthem", "text": "A national anthem ( also state anthem , national hymn , national song , etc . ) is generally a patriotic musical composition that evokes and eulogizes the history , traditions , and struggles of its people , recognized either by a nation 's government as the official national song , or by convention through use by the people . The majority of national anthems are marches or hymns in style . The countries of Latin America , Central Asia , and Europe tend towards more ornate and operatic pieces , while those in the Middle East , Oceania , Africa , and the Caribbean use a more simplistic fanfare . Some countries that are devolved into multiple constituent states have their own official musical compositions for them ( such as with the United Kingdom , Russian Federation , and the former Soviet Union ) ; their constituencies ' songs are sometimes referred to as national anthems even though they are not sovereign states ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hisaki_(satellite)", "text": "Hisaki , also known as the Spectroscopic Planet Observatory for Recognition of Interaction of Atmosphere ( SPRINT-A ) is a Japanese ultraviolet astronomy satellite operated by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) . The first mission of the Small Scientific Satellite programme , it was launched in September 2013 on the maiden flight of the Epsilon rocket . Hisaki remains operational as of 2017 , and is performing joint observations with Juno orbiter . Hisaki was named after a cape Hisaki ( 火崎 , literally Cape Fire ) used by local fishermen to pray for safe travels in the eastern part of Kimotsuki , Kagoshima near the Uchinoura Space Center , but has the additional meaning of beyond the Sun . An old name for the mission was EXCEED ( Extreme Ultraviolet Spectroscope for Exospheric Dynamics ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerry_Reardon", "text": "Gerry Reardon is an Irish retired football midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League . Reardon attended Adelphi University , where he was a 1979 First Team and 1980 Third Team All American soccer player . He is a member of the Adelphi Athletic Hall of Fame . In December 1982 , the Tulsa Roughnecks selected Reardon in the second round of the North American Soccer League draft . He was part of the Tulsa team which went on to win the 1983 Soccer Bowl . He then played the entire 1983-1984 NASL indoor season with the Roughnecks before moving to the New York Cosmos for the 1984 season . He currently works for the FAI ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Justify_(The_Rasmus_song)", "text": "Justify is the second single released from the 2008 album , Black Roses by the Finnish rock band , the Rasmus . The song is a symphonic rock song ( pehmorock or plush rock in Finnish . ) The first demo for Justify was created in Los Angeles , California at both James Michael 's and Desmond Child 's studios in January 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K_S_Rao_Road", "text": "Karnad Sadashiva Rao Road or popularly known as K S Rao Road is one of the busiest in Mangalore , Karnataka , India . It runs from PVS Circle at one end to join Balmatta Road at the other . This road is named after the indian freedom fighter Karnad Sadashiva Rao . Many commercial buildings , shopping malls are situated adjacent to this road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Efavirenz", "text": "Efavirenz ( EFV ) , sold under the brand names Sustiva among others , is an antiretroviral medication used to treat and prevent HIV/AIDS . It is generally recommended for use with other antiretrovirals . It may be used for prevention after a needlestick injury or other potential exposure . It is sold both by itself and in combination as efavirenz/emtricitabine/tenofovir . It is taken by mouth once a day . Common side effects include rash , nausea , headache , feeling tired , and trouble sleeping . Some of the rashes may be serious such as Stevens-Johnson syndrome . Other serious side effects include depression , thoughts of suicide , liver problems , and seizures . It is not safe for use during pregnancy . It is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( NNRTI ) and works by blocking the function of reverse transcriptase . Efavirenz was approved for medical use in the United States in 1998 . It is on the World Health Organization 's List of Essential Medicines , the safest and most effective medicines needed in a health system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solano_Canyon,_Los_Angeles,_California", "text": "Elysian Park is a neighborhood in Central Los Angeles , California , with a mostly low-income community of 2,600+ people . A city park , Elysian Park , and Dodger Stadium are within the neighborhood , as are a Catholic high school and an elementary school ."}
{"title": "/wiki/God_Bless_the_Child_(Shania_Twain_song)", "text": "God Bless the Child is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Shania Twain . It was released in October 1996 as the eighth and final single from her 1995 album The Woman in Me . The song was written by Twain and an extended version co-written by Mutt Lange . The song became Twain 's first single off The Woman in Me to not hit the top 40 at country radio . The original album version is more a poem than a song , done completely a cappella . For radio airplay , the song had to be expanded lyrically and musically . It was included on Twain 's Come on Over Tour usually accompanied by a local choir , and on Australian and Asian tour editions of the Come On Over album , but was not included on her 2004 Greatest Hits release . All singles sales from the United States were donated to Second Harvest/Kids Cafe , and from Canada to Breakfast for Learning . Twain performed the song at the 1996 Country Music Association Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1912_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1912 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silla", "text": "Silla ( 57 BC [ note 1 ] - 935 AD ) ( Korean : 신라 ; Hanja : 新羅 ; RR : Silla Korean pronunciation : [ ɕil.la ] ) was a kingdom located in southern and central parts of the Korean Peninsula . Silla , along with Baekje and Goguryeo , formed the Three Kingdoms of Korea . Founded by Hyeokgeose of Silla , of the Park family , the Korean dynasty was ruled by the Gyeongju Gim ( Kim ) ( 김 , 金 ) clan for 586 years , the Miryang Bak ( Park ) ( 박 , 朴 ) clan for 232 years and the Wolseong Seok ( 석 , 昔 ) clan for 172 years . It began as a chiefdom in the Samhan confederacies , once allied with Sui China and then Tang China , until it eventually conquered the other two kingdoms , Baekje in 660 and Goguryeo in 668 . Thereafter , Later Silla occupied most of the Korean Peninsula , while the northern part re-emerged as Balhae , a successor-state of Goguryeo . After nearly 1,000 years of rule , Silla fragmented into the brief Later Three Kingdoms of Silla , Later Baekje , and Taebong , handing over power to Goryeo in 935 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gayhurst", "text": "Gayhurst is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire in England . It is about two and a half miles NNW of Newport Pagnell . The village name is an Old English language word meaning 'wooded hill where goats are kept ' . In the Domesday Book in 1086 it was recorded as Gateherst . At that time the manor was owned by Bishop Odo of Bayeux . Gayhurst had an outstation from the Bletchley Park codebreaking establishment , where some of the Bombes used to decode German Enigma messages in World War Two were housed . [ citation needed ] In 1582 , Queen Elizabeth I made a grant of Gayhurst Manor in the event of its reversion to the Crown to Sir Francis Drake , but there is no record that he ever received it . The house once belonged to Sir Everard Digby ( 1578-1606 ) , one of the conspirators in the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 . The church of St Peter was built in the classical style in 1728 to replace a medieval church ; the designer is unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ōita_Prefecture", "text": "Ōita Prefecture ( 大分県 , Ōita-ken ) is a prefecture on the island of Kyushu in Japan . The prefectural capital is the city of Ōita ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeddah", "text": "Jeddah ( English : /ˈdʒɛdə/ JED-ə ) , also spelled Jedda , Jiddah or Jidda ( /ˈdʒɪdə/ JID-ə ; Arabic : جدة , romanized : Jidda , Hejazi pronunciation : [ ˈdʒɪd.da ] ) , is a city in the Hejaz region of Saudi Arabia and the country 's commercial center . With a population of about four million people ( as of 2017 [ update ] ) , Jeddah is the largest city in Makkah Province , the second-largest in Saudi Arabia ( after the capital Riyadh ) , and the tenth-largest in the Arab world . Jeddah Islamic Port , located on the Red Sea , is the second-largest and second-busiest seaport in the Arab world ( after Dubai 's Port of Jebel Ali ) . Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , located just 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) to the east , while Medina , the second-holiest city , is located 360 kilometres ( 220 mi ) to the north . Economically , Jeddah is focusing on further developing capital investment in scientific and engineering leadership within Saudi Arabia , and the Middle East . Jeddah was independently ranked fourth in the Africa - Mid-East region in terms of innovation in 2009 in the Innovation Cities Index . Jeddah is one of Saudi Arabia 's primary resort cities and was named a Beta world city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network ( GaWC ) . Given the city 's close proximity to the Red Sea , fishing and seafood dominates the food culture unlike other parts of the country . In Arabic , the city 's motto is Jeddah Ghair , which translates to Jeddah is different . The motto has been widely used among both locals as well as foreign visitors . The city had been previously perceived as the most open city in Saudi Arabia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claire_Dolan", "text": "Claire Dolan is a 1998 American-French drama film directed by Lodge Kerrigan . It was entered into the 1998 Cannes Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rudolph_Valentino", "text": "Rodolfo Alfonso Raffaello Pierre Filiberto Guglielmi di Valentina D'Antoguella ( May 6 , 1895 - August 23 , 1926 ) , known professionally as Rudolph Valentino , was an Italian actor based in the United States who starred in several well-known silent films including The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse , The Sheik , Blood and Sand , The Eagle , and The Son of the Sheik . He was an early pop icon , and a sex symbol of the 1920s , who was known in Hollywood as the Latin Lover ( a title invented for him by Hollywood moguls ) , The Great Lover , or simply Valentino . His premature death at the age of 31 caused mass hysteria among his fans and further propelled his status as a cultural film icon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Brickhill", "text": "Great Brickhill is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district , Buckinghamshire , England . It is in the very north of the non-metropolitan county , just outside and overlooking , Milton Keynes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loughton,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Loughton /ˈlaʊtən/ is an ancient village , modern district in the civil parish of Loughton and Great Holm in Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . The village spreads between Watling Street and the modern A5 road , to the west of , and about 1 mile from , the city centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Observer-Reporter", "text": "The Observer-Reporter is a daily newspaper covering Washington County , Greene County , and the Mon Valley in Pennsylvania , with some overlap into the South Hills of Pittsburgh in Allegheny County . The newspaper was published by the Observer Publishing Company in the city of Washington , Washington County , Pennsylvania . The Observer Publishing Co. was formed on July 24 , 1902 , by John L. Stewart and E.F. Acheson . Stewarts grandsons , John L.S . Northrop and William B. Northrop , owned and ran the company until their retirements in June 2002 , when ownership was transferred to the fourth generation , which included the children of John and William . Thomas Northrop served as publisher and president from 2002 until 2018 . The paper has had a long involvement and investment in the local community . Ownership has recently been transferred to Ogden Newspapers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ioannis_Melissanidis", "text": "Ioannis Melissanidis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Μελισσανίδης ; born March 27 , 1977 ) is a retired Greek artistic gymnast and the 1996 Olympic champion on the floor exercise . He was also the 1994 European Champion on floor and the first Greek gymnast ever to medal at the World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chelsea_Manning", "text": "Chelsea Elizabeth Manning ( born Bradley Edward Manning , December 17 , 1987 ) is an American activist and whistleblower . She is a former United States Army soldier who was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses , after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly 750,000 classified , or unclassified but sensitive , military and diplomatic documents . She was imprisoned from 2010 until 2017 when her sentence was commuted . Manning is currently in jail for her continued refusal to testify before a grand jury against Julian Assange . A trans woman , Manning released a statement in 2013 explaining she had a female gender identity since childhood and wanted to be known as Chelsea Manning . She also expressed a desire to begin hormone replacement therapy . Assigned in 2009 to an Army unit in Iraq as an intelligence analyst , Manning had access to classified databases . In early 2010 , she leaked classified information to WikiLeaks and confided this to Adrian Lamo , an online acquaintance . Lamo indirectly informed the Army 's Criminal Investigation Command , and Manning was arrested in May that same year . The material included videos of the July 12 , 2007 , Baghdad airstrike and the 2009 Granai airstrike in Afghanistan ; 251,287 U.S. diplomatic cables ; and 482,832 Army reports that came to be known as the Iraq War Logs and Afghan War Diary . The material was published by WikiLeaks and its media partners between April 2010 and April 2011 . Manning was charged with 22 offenses , including aiding the enemy , which was the most serious charge and could have resulted in a death sentence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Nationals", "text": "The Washington Nationals are an American professional baseball team based in Washington , D.C . The Nationals compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . From 2005 to 2007 , the team played in RFK Stadium while their permanent stadium was being built . In 2008 , they moved in to Nationals Park , located on South Capitol Street in the Southeast quadrant of D.C. , near the Anacostia River . The Nationals are the eighth major league franchise to be based in Washington , D.C. , and the first since 1971 . The current franchise was founded in 1969 as the Montreal Expos as part of the MLB expansion . After a failed contraction plan , the Expos were purchased by MLB , which sought to relocate the team to a new city . Washington , D.C. was chosen in 2004 , and the Nationals were established in 2005 as the first franchise relocation in MLB since the third Washington Senators moved to Texas in 1971 . While the team initially struggled after moving to Washington , the Nationals had considerable success throughout the 2010s . The team 's two overall first picks in the MLB draft , Stephen Strasburg in 2009 and Bryce Harper in 2010 , attracted new levels of attention to the team . They achieved their first playoff berth and first division title in 2012 , but were knocked out in the NLDS . They won the National League East again in 2014 , 2016 , and 2017 , but were eliminated in the NLDS each time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997_in_film", "text": "The year 1997 in film involved many significant films , including Titanic , and the beginning of the film studio DreamWorks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ek_Nanad_Ki_Khushiyon_Ki_Chaabi...Meri_Bhabhi", "text": "Ek Nanad Ki Khushiyon Ki Chaabi . Meri Bhabhi ( English : The key to a girl 's happiness . My sister-in-law ) or simply Meri Bhabhi ( My Brother 's Wife ) was an Indian television soap opera which aired on Star Plus . The show premiered on 17 June 2013 . The show outlines the bond of love between the nanad ( the sister of one 's husband ) and bhabhi ( the wife of one 's brother ) of the Shergill family . The show went off air on 12 April 2014 , replaced by Ek Hasina Thi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Jones_(singer)", "text": "John Allan Jones ( born January 14 , 1938 ) , known professionally as Jack Jones , is an American jazz and pop singer and actor . He is the son of actor/singer Allan Jones and Irene Hervey . Jones is primarily a straight-pop singer ( even when he recorded contemporary material ) whose forays into jazz are mostly of the big-band/swing variety . He has won two Grammy Awards . Jones continues to perform concerts around the world , and remains popular in Las Vegas . He is perhaps most widely known for his recordings of Lollipops and Roses ( 1962 Grammy Award , Best Pop Male Performance ) , Wives and Lovers ( 1964 Grammy Award , Best Pop Male Performance ) , The Race Is On , The Impossible Dream , Call Me Irresponsible , Lady , and The Love Boat Theme . Jones also sang the opening theme tune for the 1968 film Anzio , This World Is Yours ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Studio_DC:_Almost_Live", "text": "Studio DC : Almost Live is the title of a pair of specials that aired on the Disney Channel . The specials are half-hour variety shows featuring The Muppets and Disney Channel stars performing comedy sketches and musical numbers together . The style is similar to that of The Muppet Show . The first special aired August 3 , 2008 , and was hosted by Dylan and Cole Sprouse . The second special aired October 5 , 2008 , was hosted by Selena Gomez ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orator_Shafer", "text": "George W. Shafer [ sometimes spelled Shaffer or Schaefer ] ( October 4 , 1851 - January 21 , 1922 ) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball . Nicknamed Orator , because he was an avid speaker , Shafer played for 10 teams in four different major leagues between 1874 and 1890 . Though he was a good hitter who batted over .300 three times , Shafer was best known for his defensive abilities . He led the National League 's outfielders in assists four times . In 1879 , he set an MLB single-season record with 50 outfield assists , which is a mark that has stood for over 130 years . He was considered by some to be the greatest right fielder of his era . Shafer was 5 feet 9 inches ( 1.75 m ) tall and weighed 165 pounds ( 75 kg ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1985", "text": "Miss World 1985 , the 35th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 14 November 1985 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . 78 contestants from all over the world competed for the coveted title . Miss World 1984 , Astrid Carolina Herrera of Venezuela , crowned Hólmfríður Karlsdóttir of Iceland as the new Miss World at the end of the event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1956_Winter_Olympics", "text": "At the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy , the six alpine skiing events were held from Friday , 27 January to Friday , 3 February . Toni Sailer of Austria won all three men 's events to become the first alpine ski racer to win three gold medals in a single Olympics . The feat has been repeated once , by Jean-Claude Killy in 1968 . The races were held at the adjacent Tofana , except for the men 's giant slalom , which was held at Monte Faloria . The men 's downhill was the final event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rubens_de_Falco", "text": "Rubens de Falco da Costa ( 19 October 1931 - 22 February 2008 ) was a Brazilian actor best known for his work in telenovelas , specifically his portrayal as a slave owner in the 1976 telenovela , Escrava Isaura ( The Slave Isaura ) and the 1986 telenovela Sinhá Moça ( Little Missy ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/When_Farmer_Met_Gryce", "text": "When Farmer Met Gryce is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer and saxophonist Gigi Gryce , featuring performances recorded in 1954 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brigitte_Peterhans", "text": "Brigitte Peterhans ( born Brigitte Schlaich ) is a German American architect , born 27 August 1928 in Sulz am Neckar , Germany . Peterhans received her Diplom-Ingenieur in 1960 from the University of Stuttgart . Encouraged by Myron Goldsmith , she studied at the Illinois Institute of Technology as a Fulbright fellow ( 1956-1957 ) where she received her Master of Architecture in 1962 . She married the photographer and former Bauhaus teacher Walter Peterhans in 1957 , who at that time was teaching at the Illinois Institute of Technology . She is the sister of the structural engineer Jörg Schlaich . As a student she was hired in 1958 by Skidmore Owings and Merrill . She remained at SOM on and off for thirty three years , working with Bruce Graham and Myron Goldsmith on domestic and international projects . Her career includes contributions to projects including Arab International Bank World Trade Center and Hotel , Cairo , Egypt , 1976-1978 , 1985-1990 ; Artigas Foundation , Gallifa , Spain 1985-1989 ; Baxter Travenol Headquarters and Laboratories , Deerfield , Illinois , 1973-1980 ; Broadgate Exchange House , London , 1987-1990 ; Max Eyth Footbridge , Stuttgart , Germany , 1989 ; Perimeter Center , Atlanta , Georgia , 1981-1986 ; Sears Tower , Chicago , Illinois , 1970-1972 , 1980 . In 1973 Peterhans made an associate at SOM , and an associate partner in 1979 . She retired in 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midnight_Juggernauts", "text": "Midnight Juggernauts is an Australian band from Melbourne , composed of Andrew Szekeres , Vincent Vendetta ( Vincent Heimann ) , and Daniel Stricker . The band has been described as anything from 'prog dance meets cosmic film scores ' , to 'slasher-flick disco ' to 'deadpan landscape ' . Following the release of numerous 7 and 12 singles , and limited edition EPs , the band released their debut album , Dystopia . After playing festivals and headlining tours worldwide during late 2007-2008 , the band finished working on their follow up album The Crystal Axis , touring around its release mid-2010 at festivals and headline shows around the globe . After a few years break the band released a third album Uncanny Valley in mid-2013 . Members have also collaborated with various artists including Kevin Parker , Kirin J Callinan , Justice , Solange and Sebastian Tellier . The group also runs the label Siberia Records , through which they release their own music and others including Kirin J Callinan and Forces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Marriage_Ya_Arranged_Marriage", "text": "Love Marriage Ya Arranged Marriage ( English : Love Marriage Or Arranged Marriage ) is an Indian soap opera that airs on Sony Entertainment Television from 6 August 2012 and stars Rishika Mihani and Samaira Rao , Himanshu Malhotra and Ashish Kapoor . The show is set in Udaipur , Rajasthan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fellow_of_the_Royal_Society_of_Canada", "text": "Fellowship of the Royal Society of Canada ( FRSC ) is an award granted to individuals that the Royal Society of Canada judges to have made remarkable contributions in the arts , the humanities and the sciences , as well as in Canadian public life . As of 2017 [ update ] , there are over 2000 living Canadian fellows , including scholars , artists , and scientists such as Margaret Atwood , David Cronenberg , Philip J. Currie , Stephen Waddams and Demetri Terzopoulos . There are four types of fellowship :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Shot_Comics", "text": "Big Shot Comics was an American comic book series published by Columbia Comics during period in the 1940s that fans and historians refer to as the Golden Age of comic books . An anthology title , the series included a mix of superheroes , costumed crimefighters , crusading district attorneys , heroic magicians and others , both in original stories and in reprinted newspaper comic strip from the McNaught Syndicate . The latter included such popular strips as Dixie Dugan , Joe Palooka , and the movie-series spin-off Charlie Chan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/E215", "text": "Ethylparaben ( ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate ) is the ethyl ester of p-hydroxybenzoic acid . Its formula is HO-C6H4-CO-O-CH2CH3 . It is a member of the class of compounds known as parabens . It is used as an antifungal preservative . As a food additive , it has E number E214 . Sodium ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate , the sodium salt of ethylparaben , has the same uses and is given the E number E215 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naadodigal", "text": "Naadodigal ( ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Samuthirakani and produced by S. Michael Rayappan under banner of Global Infotainment . The film stars Sasikumar along with Chennai 600028 fame Vijay Vasanth and Kalloori fame Bharani in lead roles , with newcomers Ananya , Abhinaya and Malaysia - based Shanthini Deva enacting the lead female roles and Ganja Karuppu playing a pivotal role , providing comical relief . The plot focuses on a trio who attempt to unite their friend with his lover against the wishes of all families involved , and at heavy cost to themselves , only to realize that the lovers separate after a short while . Cinematography was handled by S. R. Kathir , songs composed and score by Sundar C Babu , editing done by A. L. Ramesh , stunt co originated by Dhilip Subbarayan , dance choreography Dinesh , produced designed by R. K. Vijay Murugan and lyrics written by Vaali , Na . Muthukumar , Kabilan and Yugabharathi . The film released in June 2009 , garnering highly positive reviews . budget of film 7 crores gross more than 35 crores and its one huge blockbuster of 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Bradwell", "text": "New Bradwell is ( mainly ) an Edwardian era village , modern district and civil parish that is now part of Milton Keynes ( ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire ) , on its northern edge . Together with Wolverton ( on the other side of the West Coast Main Line ) , it was built primarily to house the workers on the Wolverton railway works . The original village of Bradwell lies south of New Bradwell ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Frederick_Waugh", "text": "Dr. Thomas Frederick Waugh was a Canadian provincial politician . He was born in Warwick , Ontario . He attended school at Watford , Ontario , followed by Detroit Medical School , graduating in 1898 . After graduation , he moved to Park River , North Dakota . In 1907 he briefly moved to Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , working as a doctor as part of a partnership , before moving back to Park River . In 1911 he moved to Imperial , Saskatchewan , practicing as the village doctor . He also served as the first Overseer of the village when it was incorporated in 1911 . He was elected as the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Arm River , from 1928 until 1929 . He was elected in a by-election , replacing long-time Liberal MLA and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly George Adam Scott , but only served for seven months before the legislature was dissolved . In the next general election he lost out to the Conservative candidate , Duncan Selby Hutcheon . In the 1930s he moved to Mankota , Saskatchewan where he practiced as municipal doctor for a few years . He then retired , moving first to Victoria , BC , then to New York City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lo_Chen-jung", "text": "Lo Chen-Jung ( Chinese : 羅振榮 ; pinyin : Luó Zhènróng ; born 30 November 1961 in Chiayi , Taiwan ) is a retired Taiwanese left-handed baseball pitcher . He had been a member of the amateur Taiwan Power Company Baseball Team throughout his career . He was widely regarded as the best left-handed Taiwanese pitcher of his generation and was a frequent member of the Chinese Taipei national baseball team between mid-1980s and early 1990s , competing in the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics where he won a silver medal in 1992 . Despite hearty invitation from the Jungo Bears and Uni-President Lions , after the 1992 Olympics Lo opted to retire from baseball field and became the only member in the 1992 Olympics Chinese Taipei national baseball team who did not later join professional baseball . He has since run some business in his hometown Chiayi , and occasionally coaches local Little or Youth League baseball teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Road_Runner_(video_game)", "text": "Road Runner a racing game based on the Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner shorts . It was released by Atari Games in 1985 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgetown-Silver_Plume_Historic_District", "text": "The Georgetown-Silver Plume National Historic Landmark District is a federally designated United States National Historic Landmark that comprises the Town of Georgetown , the Town of Silver Plume , and the Georgetown Loop Historic Mining & Railroad Park between the two silver mining towns along Clear Creek in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains in Clear Creek County , Colorado , United States . The district includes well-preserved examples of the buildings and mining structures of the Colorado Silver Boom from 1864 to 1893 . The Georgetown Loop Historic Mining & Railroad Park includes the reconstructed Georgetown Loop , a spectacular example of 19th-century 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow gauge railway engineering required to negotiate the 601 feet ( 183 meters ) of elevation rise in the mere 2.0 miles ( 3.2 kilometers ) between the two towns . Historic steam locomotives pull passenger trains over the loop from late May through the beautiful Autumn colors of early October . Guided tours of the Lebanon Silver Mine are also available . The district was designated a National Historic Landmark on 1966-11-13 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leoš_Janáček", "text": "Leoš Janáček ( Czech pronunciation : [ ˈlɛoʃ ˈjanaːtʃɛk ] ( listen ) , baptised Leo Eugen Janáček ; 3 July 1854 - 12 August 1928 ) was a Czech composer , musical theorist , folklorist , publicist and teacher . He was inspired by Moravian and other Slavic folk music to create an original , modern musical style . Until 1895 he devoted himself mainly to folkloristic research . While his early musical output was influenced by contemporaries such as Antonín Dvořák , his later , mature works incorporate his earlier studies of national folk music in a modern , highly original synthesis , first evident in the opera Jenůfa , which was premiered in 1904 in Brno . The success of Jenůfa ( often called the Moravian national opera ) at Prague in 1916 gave Janáček access to the world 's great opera stages . Janáček 's later works are his most celebrated . They include operas such as Káťa Kabanová and The Cunning Little Vixen , the Sinfonietta , the Glagolitic Mass , the rhapsody Taras Bulba , two string quartets , and other chamber works . Along with Antonín Dvořák and Bedřich Smetana , he is considered one of the most important Czech composers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kebumen_(town)", "text": "Kebumen is a town on the island of Java , Indonesia and the capital of Kebumen Regency , Central Java region . The population of the town at the 2015 Census was 121,580 . Although this district became the administrative center Kebumen but the population of this district the second largest in Kebumen after Karanganyar town located 22 km west of the town Kebumen . Kebumen has another name Swallow City , City Tours , and the city of culture . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Morning_in_the_Bowl_of_Night", "text": "Morning in the Bowl of Night is the fifth album by Melbourne singer-songwriter Lisa Miller . All songs were composed by Miller . It was released in Australia on 21 April 2007 , and was nominated in the 2007 ARIA Awards for Best Adult Contemporary Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco", "text": "San Francisco , officially the City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF , San Fran , Frisco , or The City , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . San Francisco is the 15th most populous city in the United States , and the fourth most populous in California , with 883,305 residents as of 2018 . It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles ( 121.4 km2 ) , mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area , making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city , and the fifth most densely populated U.S. county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population , with 4.7 million people , and the 4th-largest by economic output , with GDP of $ 549 billion in 2018 . With San Jose , it forms the fifth most populous combined statistical area in the United States , the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland , CA Combined Statistical Area ( 9.67 million residents in 2018 ) . As of 2018 , San Francisco was the seventh-highest-income county in the United States , with a per capita personal income of $ 130,696 . In the same year , San Francisco proper had a GDP of $ 183.2 billion , and a GDP per capita of $ 207,371 . The CSA San Francisco shares with San Jose and Oakland was the country 's third-largest urban economy as of 2018 , with a GDP of $ 1.03 trillion . Of the 500+ primary statistical areas in the U.S. , this CSA had among the highest GDP per capita in 2018 , at $ 106,757 . San Francisco was ranked 12th in the world and 2nd in the United States on the Global Financial Centres Index as of September 2019 . As of 2016 , the San Francisco metropolitan area had the highest GDP per capita , labor productivity , and household income levels in the OECD . San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de Asís a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wiard_rifle", "text": "The Wiard rifle refers to several weapons invented by Norman Wiard , most commonly a semi-steel light artillery piece in six-pounder and twelve-pounder calibers . About 60 were manufactured between 1861 and 1862 during the American Civil War , at O'Donnell 's Foundry , New York City : although apparently excellent weapons , [ they ] do not seem to have been very popular . Wiard also designed a rifled steel version of the Dahlgren boat howitzer ( a 12-pounder ( 5.44 kg ) weapon with a 3.4 in ( 86 mm ) bore ) , among other gun types . Further , Wiard unsuccessfully attempted to develop a 15 in ( 381 mm ) rifled gun for the US Navy and proposed a 20 in ( 510 mm ) gun . In 1881 he unsuccessfully proposed various combined rifle and smoothbore weapon conversions of Rodman guns and Parrott rifles . Wiard described two calibers : a six-pounder ( 2.72 kg ) rifle with a 2.6 in ( 66 mm ) bore , and a twelve-pounder ( 5.44 kg ) smoothbore weapon with a 3.67 in ( 93 mm ) bore . All survivors are rifled , though this may have occurred long after manufacture ; this was a common practice during the war . Surviving Wiard guns vary considerably in manufacturing details and markings . Documentation survives for orders of 45 6-pounder Wiards , six 12-pounder 3.67 in ( 93 mm ) Wiards ( though at least 13 survive ) , and 12 12-pounder 3.4 in ( 86 mm ) Wiard rifled howitzers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahalia_Jackson", "text": "Mahalia Jackson ( /məˈheɪliə/ mə-HAY-lee-ə ; October 26 , 1911 - January 27 , 1972 ) was an American gospel singer . Possessing a contralto voice , she was referred to as The Queen of Gospel . She became one of the most influential gospel singers in the world and was heralded internationally as a singer and civil rights activist . She was described by entertainer Harry Belafonte as the single most powerful black woman in the United States . She recorded about 30 albums ( mostly for Columbia Records ) during her career , and her 45 rpm records included a dozen golds - million-sellers . I sing God 's music because it makes me feel free , Jackson once said about her choice of gospel , adding , It gives me hope . With the blues , when you finish , you still have the blues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patric_Young", "text": "Patric Young ( born February 1 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Sidigas Avellino of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A ( LBA ) . He is a 6'10 ( 2.08 m ) tall center . He played college basketball for the University of Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Le_Mans", "text": "Le Mans ( /lə ˈmɒ̃/ , French : [ lə mɑ̃ ] ( listen ) ) is a city in France on the Sarthe River . Traditionally the capital of the province of Maine , it is now the capital of the Sarthe department and the seat of the Roman Catholic diocese of Le Mans . Le Mans is a part of the Pays de la Loire region . Its inhabitants are called Manceaux and Mancelles . Since 1923 , the city has hosted the internationally famous 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance sports car race ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Koch", "text": "David Hamilton Koch ( /koʊk/ ; May 3 , 1940 - August 23 , 2019 ) was an American businessman , philanthropist , political activist , and chemical engineer . In 1970 , he joined the family business : Koch Industries , the second-largest privately held company in the United States . He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979 , and became a co-owner of Koch Industries ( along with elder brother Charles ) in 1983 . Koch served as an executive vice president of Koch Industries until he retired due to health issues in 2018 . Koch was a libertarian . He was the 1980 Libertarian candidate for Vice President of the United States and helped finance the campaign . He founded Citizens for a Sound Economy and donated to advocacy groups and political campaigns , most of which were Republican . Koch became a Republican in 1984 ; in 2012 , he spent over $ 100 million to oppose the re-election of President Barack Obama . Koch was the fourth-richest person in the United States in 2012 and was the wealthiest resident of New York City in 2013 . As of June 2019 , Koch was ranked as the 11th-richest person in the world ( tied with his brother Charles ) , with a fortune of $ 50.5 billion . Known for his philanthropy , Koch contributed to the Lincoln Center , Sloan Kettering , NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital , and the Dinosaur Wing at the American Museum of Natural History . The New York State Theater at Lincoln Center , home of the New York City Ballet , was renamed the David H. Koch Theater in 2008 following Koch 's gift of $ 100 million for the renovation of the theater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vincenzo_Nibali", "text": "Vincenzo Nibali ( Italian pronunciation : [ vinˈtʃɛntso ˈniːbali ] ; born 14 November 1984 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer , who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Trek-Segafredo . Born near the Strait of Messina , his nickname is the Shark of the Strait , the Shark of Messina or simply The Shark . His first major win came at the 2006 GP Ouest-France , a UCI ProTour event . However , experts such as Michele Bartoli have said Nibali is most suited to competing in multi-stage races . He is a highly capable descender and bike handler , very good climber and good time trialist . Nibali is an all-rounder , and is considered one of the strongest stage race riders of his era . His biggest wins are the 2010 Vuelta a España , the 2014 Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia twice ( 2013 and 2016 ) , making him one of seven cyclists who have won the three Grand Tours in their career . He has also won the 2012 and 2013 editions of the Tirreno-Adriatico stage race . Nibali is most well known for his Grand Tours performances , but he has proven to be a strong contender in classic cycle races as well , having won the 2014 and 2015 Italian National Championships , the GP Ouest-France in 2006 and three 'Monuments ' of road bicycle racing : the Giro di Lombardia in 2015 and 2017 and Milan-San Remo in 2018 . He has also achieved podiums in Liège-Bastogne-Liège and previous editions of the Milan-San Remo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Contract_killing", "text": "Contract killing is a form of murder in which one party hires another party ( often called a hitman ) to kill a target individual or group of people . It involves an illegal agreement between two or more parties in which one party agrees to kill the target in exchange for some form of payment , monetary or otherwise . Either party may be a person , group , or an organization . Contract killing has been associated with organized crime , government conspiracies , and vendettas . For example , in the United States , the gang Murder , Inc. committed hundreds of murders on behalf of the National Crime Syndicate during the 1930s and 1940s . Contract killing provides the hiring party with the advantage of not having to carry out the actual killing , making it more difficult for law enforcement to connect said party with the murder . The likelihood that authorities will establish that party 's guilt for the committed crime , especially due to lack of forensic evidence linked to the contracting party , makes the case more difficult to attribute to the hiring party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosima_Wagner", "text": "Cosima Wagner ( born Francesca Gaetana Cosima Liszt ; 24 December 1837 - 1 April 1930 ) was the illegitimate daughter of the Hungarian pianist and composer Franz Liszt and Marie d'Agoult . She became the second wife of the German composer Richard Wagner , and with him founded the Bayreuth Festival as a showcase for his stage works ; after his death she devoted the rest of her life to the promotion of his music and philosophy . Commentators have recognised Cosima as the principal inspiration for Wagner 's later works , particularly Parsifal . In 1857 , after a childhood largely spent under the care of her grandmother and with governesses , Cosima married the conductor Hans von Bülow . Although the marriage produced two children , it was largely a loveless union , and in 1863 Cosima began a relationship with Wagner , who was 24 years her senior . She married him in 1870 ; after his death in 1883 she directed the Bayreuth Festival for more than 20 years , increasing its repertoire to form the Bayreuth canon of ten operas and establishing the festival as a major event in the world of musical theatre . During her directorship , Cosima opposed theatrical innovations and adhered closely to Wagner 's original productions of his works , an approach continued by her successors long after her retirement in 1907 . She shared Wagner 's convictions of German cultural and racial superiority , and under her influence , Bayreuth became increasingly identified with antisemitism . This was a defining aspect of Bayreuth for decades , into the Nazi era which closely followed her death in 1930 . Thus , although she is widely perceived as the saviour of the festival , her legacy remains controversial ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phil_Morrison_(director)", "text": "Phil Morrison is an American film director best known for the Academy Award-nominated feature film , Junebug ( 2005 ) , which was also his debut . In 2006 , Morrison directed the Get a Mac advertising campaign for Apple Inc . In 2011 , he directed an episode of Enlightened . His second film , in 2013 , was All Is Bright ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Zealand", "text": "New Zealand ( Māori : Aotearoa [ aɔˈtɛaɾɔa ] ) is a sovereign island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country has two main landmasses - the North Island ( Te Ika-a-Māui ) , and the South Island ( Te Waipounamu ) - and around 600 smaller islands . It has a total land area of 268,000 square kilometres ( 103,500 sq mi ) . New Zealand is about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,200 mi ) east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and 1,000 kilometres ( 600 mi ) south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal , and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , and its most populous city is Auckland . Sometime between 1250 and 1300 , Polynesians settled in the islands and developed a distinctive Māori culture . In 1642 , Dutch explorer Abel Tasman became the first European to sight New Zealand . In 1840 , representatives of the United Kingdom and Māori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waitangi , which declared British sovereignty over the islands . In 1841 , New Zealand became a colony within the British Empire and in 1907 it became a dominion ; it gained full statutory independence in 1947 and the British monarch remained the head of state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AFC_Ajax", "text": "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈaːjɑks ] ) , also known as AFC Ajax , Ajax Amsterdam , or simply Ajax , is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam , that plays in the Eredivisie , the top tier in Dutch football . Historically , Ajax ( named after the legendary Greek hero ) has been the most successful club in the Netherlands , with 34 Eredivisie titles and 19 KNVB Cups . It has continuously played in the Eredivisie , since the league 's inception in 1956 and , along with Feyenoord and PSV Eindhoven , it is one of the country 's big three clubs that have dominated that competition . Ajax has historically been one of the most successful clubs in the world . According to the IFFHS , Ajax were the seventh-most successful European club of the 20th century and The World 's Club Team of the Year in 1992 . According to German magazine Kicker , Ajax were the second-most successful European club of the 20th century . The club is one of the five teams that has earned the right to keep the European Cup and to wear a multiple-winner badge ; they won consecutively in 1971-1973 . In 1972 , they completed the continental treble by winning the Eredivisie , KNVB Cup , and the European Cup . It also won the first organized UEFA Super Cup in 1972 against Glasgow Rangers ( played in 1973 ) . Ajax 's last international trophies were the 1995 Intercontinental Cup , 1995 UEFA Super Cup and the 1995 Champions League , where they defeated Milan in the final ; they lost the 1996 Champions League final on penalties to Juventus . In 1995 , Ajax was crowned as World Team of the Year by World Soccer magazine . Ajax is also one of four teams to win the continental treble and the Intercontinental Cup or Club World Cup in the same season/calendar year ; This was achieved in the 1971-72 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryan_Lilja", "text": "Ryan Matthew Lilja ( born October 15 , 1981 ) is a former American football center and guard . He played college football at Kansas State , and signed with the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2004 , and later played with them from 2010 to 2012 . Lilja also played with the Indianapolis Colts from 2004 to 2009 , with whom he won Super Bowl XLI over the Chicago Bears ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.C._Pisa_1909", "text": "Associazione Calcio Pisa 1909 , commonly referred to as Pisa , is an Italian football club based in Pisa , Tuscany . The team currently plays in Serie B . The club was founded in 1909 as Pisa Sporting Club and refounded in 1994 as Pisa Calcio ( and registered in Eccellenza , the sixth football division in Italy ) , after the cancellation of the former because of economical troubles . It was excluded again from Italian football in 2009 , after the property failed to collect enough money to pay off the club 's debts . In summer 2009 it was refounded with the current denomination . Pisa won two Mitropa Cups , in 1986 and 1988 . They play their home matches at Arena Garibaldi - Stadio Romeo Anconetani , named after Romeo Anconetani , the chairman who brought and led the club in Serie A during the 1980s . In 2016 , Giuseppe Corrado bought the club and planned the new Pisa stadium . At the end of the 2008 season , Pisa lost to U.S. Lecce in a two-legged promotion playoff final to Serie A . At the end of 2016 season , managed by Gennaro Gattuso , Pisa secured the promotion to Serie B by winning the final match against Foggia at Zaccheria Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Foursquare", "text": "The American Foursquare or American Four Square is an American house style popular from the mid-1890s to the late 1930s . A reaction to the ornate and mass-produced elements of the Victorian and other Revival styles popular throughout the last half of the 19th century , the American Foursquare was plain , often incorporating handcrafted honest woodwork ( unless purchased from a mail-order catalog ) . This style incorporates elements of the Prairie School and the Craftsman styles . It is also sometimes called Transitional Period . The hallmarks of the style include a basically square , boxy design , two-and-one-half stories high , usually with four large , boxy rooms to a floor , a center dormer , and a large front porch with wide stairs . The boxy shape provides a maximum amount of interior room space , to use a small city lot to best advantage . Other common features included a hipped roof , arched entries between common rooms , built-in cabinetry , and Craftsman-style woodwork . A typical design would be as follows : first floor , from front to back , on one side , the living room and dining room ; while on the other side , the entry room or foyer , stairway and kitchen . Sometimes a bathroom was also included . Second floor , front to back , on one side , bedroom , bathroom and bedroom ; while on the other side , bedroom , stairway and bedroom . The bedrooms had a slightly longer dimension along the front and back of the house with side-by-side closets between the bedrooms . This gave a very efficient layout , with a bedroom in each corner and a centralized bathroom and stairway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Society_of_Canada", "text": "The Royal Society of Canada ( RSC ; French : Société royale du Canada ) , also known as the Academies of Arts , Humanities and Sciences of Canada ( French : Académies des arts , des lettres et des sciences du Canada ) , is the senior national , bilingual council of distinguished Canadian scholars , humanists , scientists and artists . The primary objective of the RSC is to promote learning and research in the arts , the humanities and the sciences . The RSC is Canada 's National Academy and exists to promote Canadian research and scholarly accomplishment in both official languages , to recognize academic and artistic excellence , and to advise governments , non-governmental organizations and Canadians on matters of public interest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princess_of_Orange", "text": "Prince of Orange ( or Princess of Orange if the holder is female ) is a title originally associated with the sovereign Principality of Orange , in what is now southern France . Under the Treaty of Utrecht of 1713 , Frederick William I of Prussia ceded the Principality of Orange to King Louis XIV of France ( while retaining the title as part of his dynastic titulature ) . After William III of England died without children , a dispute arose between Johan Willem Friso and Frederick I of Prussia , which was settled in the Treaty of Partition ( 1732 ) ; consequently , Friso 's son , William IV had to share use of the title Prince of Orange ( which had accumulated prestige in the Netherlands and throughout the Protestant world ) with Frederick William I of Prussia . With the emergence of the Kingdom of the Netherlands , the title is traditionally borne by the heir apparent of the Dutch monarch . Originally only worn by men , since 1983 the title descends via absolute primogeniture , which means that the holder can be either Prince or Princess of Orange . The Dutch royal dynasty , the House of Orange-Nassau , is not the only family to claim the dynastical title . Rival claims to the title have been made by German emperors and kings of the House of Hohenzollern and by the head of the French noble family of Mailly . The current users of the title are Princess Catharina-Amalia of the Netherlands ( Orange-Nassau ) , Georg Friedrich , Prince of Prussia ( Hohenzollern ) , and Guy , Marquis de Mailly-Nesle ( Mailly ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alex_White_(baseball)", "text": "Alex Bruce White ( born August 29 , 1988 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Cleveland Indians and the Colorado Rockies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Strike_It_Rich_(1990_film)", "text": "Strike It Rich is a 1990 romantic comedy film directed by James Scott , who also adapted the screenplay based on the novel Loser Takes All by Graham Greene , and starring Robert Lindsay , Molly Ringwald , and John Gielgud ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angrej", "text": "Angrej ( lit . Englishman ) is a 2015 Indian Punjabi-language historical romance film directed by Simerjit Singh . Co-produced by Aman Khatkar 's Arsara Films , Dara Productions , J Studios , and Rhythm Boyz Entertainment , it stars Amrinder Gill , Sargun Mehta , and Aditi Sharma in lead roles . Set against the backdrop of the waning British Raj , the film chronicles the love story of a young man and a woman belonging to different social strata . Angrej has Ammy Virk , Binnu Dhillon , Anita Devgan , Sardar Sohi , and Nirmal Rishi in supporting roles ; it marked the feature film debut for Mehta and Virk . Conceived as a romantic comedy set in the pre-partitioned Punjab , Angrej 's story was written by Amberdeep Singh , who had always wanted to work on a period film about Punjabi culture . The film was shot in the rural parts of Rajasthan and Punjab over 40 days , with Navneet Misser serving as the cinematographer . Production designer Raashid Rangrez paid particular attention to the film 's sets and costumes as he wanted them to represent the Punjab of the 1940s accurately . Jatinder Shah composed the film 's soundtrack , which features vocals from Gill , Virk and Sunidhi Chauhan . Angrej was released theatrically on 31 July 2015 ; it received a positive response from film critics and audience alike . The performances of the cast , the production design , and the humour were chiefly praised . Commercially , Angrej grossed a total of around ₹307 million in its theatrical run and became one of the highest-grossing Punjabi films of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bellevue-Stratford_Hotel", "text": "The Bellevue-Stratford Hotel is a landmark building at 200 S. Broad Street at the corner of Walnut Street in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania United States . Constructed in 1904 and expanded to its present size in 1912 , it has continued as a well-known institution for more than a century and is still widely known by that original , historic name . In 1988 the building was converted to a mixed-use development . It has been known since then as The Bellevue . The hotel portion is currently managed by Hyatt as The Bellevue Hotel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alanyaspor", "text": "Alanyaspor is a Turkish professional football club located in the town of Alanya . Formed in 1948 , the club colours are orange and green and home matches are played at Bahçeşehir Okulları Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skipton", "text": "Skipton ( also known as Skipton-in-Craven ) is a market town and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England . Historically in the East Division of Staincliffe Wapentake in the West Riding of Yorkshire , it is on the River Aire and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to the south of the Yorkshire Dales , 27 miles ( 43 km ) north-west of Leeds , and 38 miles ( 61 km ) west of York . At the 2011 Census , the population was 14,623 . The town was listed in the 2018 Sunday Times report on Best Places to Live in northern England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burnaby—Douglas", "text": "Burnaby - Douglas was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tynecastle_Stadium", "text": "Tynecastle Park is a football stadium situated in the Gorgie area of Edinburgh , which is the home ground of Scottish Professional Football League club Heart of Midlothian ( Hearts ) . It has also hosted Scotland international matches , and been used as a neutral venue for Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup semi-finals . Tynecastle has a seating capacity of 19,852 , which makes it the sixth-largest football stadium in Scotland . Hearts have played at the present site of Tynecastle since 1886 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morse_College", "text": "Morse College is one of the fourteen residential colleges at Yale University , built in 1961 and designed by Eero Saarinen . It is adjacent to Ezra Stiles College and the two colleges share many facilities . The current Head of College ( formerly Master ) is Catherine Panter-Brick . The Associate Head of College is Mark Eggerman . Angela Gleason is the Dean of Morse College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMW_Asian_Open", "text": "The BMW Asian Open was a men 's professional golf tournament that was co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour and the European Tour . The event was founded in 2001 , as part of the European Tour 's drive to expand into Asia , and China in particular . The first two editions were held at Ta Shee Golf and Country Club in Taiwan , before the tournament was moved to the People 's Republic of China in 2004 , since when it was played at the Tomson Shanghai Pudong Golf Club in Pudong , Shanghai . In 2005 Ernie Els set a new Asian Tour record for the biggest margin of victory when he triumphed by 13 strokes . In 2008 the prize fund was $ 2.3 million , an increase of more than fifty percent from the 2006 fund of $ 1.5 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/America's_Got_Talent", "text": "America 's Got Talent ( often abbreviated as AGT ) is a televised American talent show competition , and is part of the global Got Talent franchise created by Simon Cowell . The program is produced by Fremantle USA and Syco Entertainment , distributed by the former , and broadcast on the NBC television network , premiering on June 21 , 2006 , after plans for a British edition in 2005 were suspended following a dispute within the British broadcaster ITV ; production would later resume in 2007 . Each season is mainly run during the network 's summer schedule , and has featured various hosts over the course of the program 's history ; the current host is Terry Crews . The program attracts a variety of participants , from across the United States and abroad , to take part and who possess some form of talents , with acts ranging from singing , dancing , comedy , magic , stunts , variety , and other genres . Each participant who auditions attempts to secure a place in the live episodes of a season by impressing a panel of judges - the current line-up consists of Cowell , and Howie Mandel with two new judges to be announced for the upcoming season . Those that make it into the live episodes compete against each other for both the judges ' and public 's vote in order to reach the live final , where the winner receives a large cash prize , primarily paid over a period of time , and , since the third season , a chance to headline a show on the Las Vegas Strip . Since its premiere , America 's Got Talent has helped to unearth new talent and kickstart/boost the careers of various performers who took part in the competition , while the show itself has been a rating success for NBC , drawing in on average around 10 million viewers per season . In 2013 , a book titled Inside AGT : The Untold Stories of America 's Got Talent was released , providing a description of the seasons , contestants , judges , and production techniques of the show , along with detailed interviews with contestants from all seasons , up to the date of the book 's publication . The program has run for a total of fourteen seasons , and spawned a spin-off competition titled America 's Got Talent : The Champions , consisting of notable contestants from the U.S. and other international versions of the franchise , which premiered on NBC on January 7 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lime_Street,_Liverpool", "text": "Lime Street in Liverpool , England , was created as a street in 1790 . Its most famous feature is Lime Street railway station . It is part of the William Brown Street conservation area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hope_Solo", "text": "Hope Amelia Solo ( born July 30 , 1981 ) is an American former soccer goalkeeper . She was a goalkeeper for the United States women 's national soccer team from 2000 to 2016 , and is a World Cup champion and two-time Olympic gold medalist . After playing at the collegiate level for the University of Washington , she played professionally for the Philadelphia Charge in the Women 's United Soccer Association ( WUSA ) . When the WUSA folded after her first season , she traveled to Europe to play for the top division leagues in Sweden and France . From 2009 to 2011 , she played in the Women 's Professional Soccer ( WPS ) for Saint Louis Athletica , Atlanta Beat and magicJack . After the WPS ceased operations in early 2012 , she played for the Seattle Sounders in the W-League . She most recently played for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women 's Soccer League , the top division of women 's soccer in the United States . Solo is regarded as one of the top female goalkeepers in the world and currently holds the U.S. record for most career clean sheets . She was the starting goalkeeper for the majority of the 2007 FIFA Women 's World Cup and helped lead the U.S. national team to the semifinals having given up only two goals in four games , including three consecutive shutouts . After a controversial move made by head coach Greg Ryan to bench Solo in favor of veteran goalkeeper Briana Scurry for the semifinal , in which the United States was defeated 4-0 by Brazil , Solo made headlines with post-game remarks that resulted in many teammates shunning her . She later rebounded to help the United States win gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics . During the 2011 FIFA Women 's World Cup , her exceptional skill was highlighted especially during a quarter-final match against Brazil , which the U.S. won on penalty kicks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beechcraft_AT-10_Wichita", "text": "The Beechcraft AT-10 Wichita was an American World War II trainer built for the United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) by Beechcraft and the Globe Aircraft Corporation . It was used to train pilots for multi-engined aircraft such as bombers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Search_(film)", "text": "The Search is a 1947 ( released in 1948 ) Swiss-American film directed by Fred Zinnemann which tells the story of a young Auschwitz survivor and his mother who search for each other across post-World War II Europe . It stars Montgomery Clift , Ivan Jandl , Jarmila Novotná and Aline MacMahon . Many scenes were shot amidst the actual ruins of post-war German cities , namely Ingolstadt , Munich , Nuremberg , and Würzburg . Filming took place between June and November , 1947 , initially on location in Germany , before the cast and crew went to a film studio in Zurich , Switzerland , to film the interior scenes . Although released in the United States in March , 1948 , it was not released in Britain until May 1950 . Its European Premiere was held at the Empire cinema , Leicester Square , London , England , on Wednesday , November 2 , 1949 , in aid of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children . Her Majesty Queen Mary attended the premiere . Ivan Jandl was given a special juvenile Academy Award for his performance . By the time this was announced , in March 1949 , he had returned to his home in Prague , Czechoslovakia , and the communists had taken over the government . They would not allow Ivan to travel to the United States to collect the Oscar and the Golden Globe he had also received for his performance , so they had to be taken to him . The film 's director , Fred Zinnemann , accepted the Oscar on Ivan 's behalf at the Academy Awards ceremony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lincoln_Peirce", "text": "Lincoln Peirce ( born October 23 , 1963 ) ( pronounced purse ) is an American cartoonist , best known as the creator of the successful Big Nate comic strip , and the Big Nate novels . He was the storywriter for animations that appear on Cartoon Network , and Nickelodeon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bajjika_language", "text": "Bajjika is a language spoken in eastern India and Nepal , considered by some , including the Ethnologue , to be a dialect of the Maithili language . In Nepal , it has been accorded an independent language status with censuses recording it separately from Maithili and thus is one of its national languages through the constitution of Nepal 2015 . It is spoken in the north-western districts of the Bihar state of India , and the adjacent areas in Nepal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Międzyrzecz", "text": "Międzyrzecz [ mʲɛnˈd͡zɨʐɛt͡ʂ ] ( Latin : Meserici , German : Meseritz ) is a town in western Poland , on the Obra and Paklica river , with 18,310 inhabitants ( June 30 , 2017 ) . The capital of Gmina Międzyrzecz and Międzyrzecz County . Since the Local Government Reorganization Act of 1998 , it has been situated in Lubusz Voivodeship . From 1975-1998 Międzyrzecz was part of Gorzów Voivodeship . The town limits cover 10.26 square kilometres ( 3.96 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ahmad_Aminuddin_Shaharudin", "text": "Ahmad Aminuddin Shaharudin ( born 21 March 1990 in Selangor ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for DRB-Hicom F.C . in the 2014 Malaysia FAM League . He had played for Harimau Muda ( with whom he won the 2009 Malaysia Premier League title ) , Perlis , Negeri Sembilan , Felda United and Sarawak . Aminuddin was also a former Malaysia national under-19 football team and Malaysia national under-21 football team squad member ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missouri", "text": "Missouri is a state in the Midwestern United States . With over six million residents , it is the 18th-most populous state of the Union . The largest urban areas are St. Louis , Kansas City , Springfield and Columbia ; the capital is Jefferson City . The state is the 21st-most extensive in area . Missouri is bordered by eight states ( tied for the most with Tennessee ) : Iowa to the north , Illinois , Kentucky and Tennessee ( via the Mississippi River ) to the east , Arkansas to the south and Oklahoma , Kansas and Nebraska to the west . In the south are the Ozarks , a forested highland , providing timber , minerals and recreation . The Missouri River , after which the state is named , flows through the center of the state into the Mississippi River , which makes up Missouri 's eastern border . Humans have inhabited the land now known as Missouri for at least 12,000 years . The Mississippian culture built cities and mounds , before declining in the 14th century . When European explorers arrived in the 17th century , they encountered the Osage and Missouria nations . The French established Louisiana , a part of New France , founding Ste . Genevieve in 1735 and St. Louis in 1764 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Kenton_(APA-122)", "text": "USS Kenton ( APA-122 ) was a Haskell-class attack transport of the US Navy . She was built and used during World War II . She was of the VC2-S-AP5 Victory ship design type . She was named for Kenton County , Kentucky ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zentsū-ji", "text": "The Byōbuura Gogakusan Tanjō-in Zentsū-ji ( 屏風浦五岳山誕生院善通寺 ) is a temple of the Shingon sect in Zentsūji , Kagawa , Japan . It was established by Zentsū Saeki , the father of Kūkai , in 813 . The East Academy ( Tō-in ) and the West Academy ( Sai-in ) are within Zentsu-ji precincts . The West Academy is Kūkai 's birthplace . Zentsū-ji is temple No . 75 in the Shikoku Pilgrimage . It is also one of the three temples on the tour that Kūkai visited , the others being Tairyūji and Muroto Misaki , as Kūkai mentioned them by name in his writings . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesse_&_Joy", "text": "Jesse & Joy ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈɟʝesi i ˈʝoi ] ) is a Mexican pop duo formed in 2005 by brother and sister Jesse ( born December 31 , 1982 , as Jesse Eduardo Huerta Uecke ) and Joy ( born June 20 , 1986 , as Tirzah Joy Huerta Uecke ) , in Mexico City . The duo have released four studio albums , one live album and one EP on Warner Music Latin , have toured internationally , and have accumulated a Best Latin Album Grammy Award and six Latin Grammy Awards in various categories . Jesse & Joy are probably some of the purest , most talented artists of our generation , wrote Latin Times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stuttgart", "text": "Stuttgart ( /ˈʃtʊtɡɑːrt/ SHTUUT-gart , also US : /ˈstʌt- , ˈstʊt-/ STU ( U ) T- ; German : [ ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt ] ( listen ) ; Swabian : Schduagert [ ˈʒ̊d̥ua̯ɡ̊ɛʕd̥ ] ; names in other languages ) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Baden-Württemberg . Stuttgart is located on the Neckar river in a fertile valley known locally as the Stuttgart Cauldron . It lies an hour from the Swabian Jura and the Black Forest . Its urban area has a population of 634,830 , making it the sixth largest city in Germany . 2.8 million people live in the city 's administrative region and 5.3 million people in its metropolitan area , making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Germany . The city and metropolitan area are consistently ranked among the top 20 European metropolitan areas by GDP ; Mercer listed Stuttgart as 21st on its 2015 list of cities by quality of living , [ a ] innovation agency 2thinknow ranked the city 24th globally out of 442 cities [ b ] and the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ranked the city as a Beta-status world city in their 2014 survey. , Stuttgart was one of the host cities of the official tournaments for the 1974 and 2006 FIFA World Cup . Since the 7th millennium BC , the Stuttgart area has been an important agricultural area and has been host to a number of cultures seeking to utilize the rich soil of the Neckar valley . The Roman Empire conquered the area in 83 AD and built a massive castrum near Bad Cannstatt , making it the most important regional centre for several centuries . Stuttgart 's roots were truly laid in the 10th century with its founding by Liudolf , Duke of Swabia , as a stud farm for his warhorses . Initially overshadowed by nearby Cannstatt , the town grew steadily and was granted a charter in 1320 . The fortunes of Stuttgart turned with those of the House of Württemberg , and they made it the capital of their county , duchy , and kingdom from the 15th century to 1918 . Stuttgart prospered despite setbacks in the Thirty Years ' War and devastating air raids by the Allies on the city and its automobile production during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Department_of_the_Air_Force", "text": "The Department of the Air Force ( DAF ) is one of the three Military Departments within the Department of Defense of the United States of America . The Department of the Air Force was formed on September 18 , 1947 , per the National Security Act of 1947 and it includes all elements and units of the United States Air Force ( USAF ) and the United States Space Force ( USSF ) . The Department of the Air Force is headed by the Secretary of the Air Force ( SAF/OS ) , a civilian , who has the authority to conduct all of its affairs , subject to the authority , direction and control of the Secretary of Defense . The Secretary of the Air Force 's principal deputy is the Under Secretary of the Air Force ( SAF/US ) . Their senior staff assistants in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force are four Assistant Secretaries for Acquisition , Financial Management & Comptroller , Installations , Environment & Logistics , Manpower & Reserve Affairs and a General Counsel . The highest-ranking military officers in the Department , and senior military advisers to the secretary , are the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and Chief of Space Operations . By direction of the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of the Air Force assigns Air Force units - apart from those units performing duties enumerated in 10 U.S.C . § 8013 unless otherwise directed - to the combatant commands . Only the Secretary of Defense and the President have the authority to approve transfer of forces between combatant commands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Providence_Steamrollers", "text": "The Providence Steamrollers were a Basketball Association of America team based in Providence , Rhode Island . As of 2019 , the Steamrollers remain the last professional sports franchise from one of the Big Four leagues to be based in Rhode Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marc_Benioff", "text": "Marc Russell Benioff ( born September 25 , 1964 ) is an American Internet entrepreneur with a net worth of $ 6.9 billion as of January 2020 [ update ] . He is the founder , chairman and co-CEO of Salesforce , an enterprise cloud computing company . As of August 2019 , he owned 4.14% of Salesforce shares , worth $ 4.33 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kraft_Foods", "text": "Kraft Foods Group , Inc. is an American grocery manufacturing and processing conglomerate headquartered in Chicago , Illinois , part of the Kraft Heinz Company . The company was restructured in 2012 as a spin off from Kraft Foods Inc. , which in turn was renamed Mondelez International . The new Kraft Foods Group was focused mainly on grocery products for the North American market while Mondelez is focused on international confectionery and snack brands . Until the merger with Heinz , Kraft Foods Group was an independent public company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange . On July 2 , 2015 , Kraft completed its merger with Heinz , arranged by Heinz owners Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital , creating the fifth-largest food and beverage company in the world , and third largest in America Kraft Heinz Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1995 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League was played between May 6 and June 24 , 1995 . The 1994-95 NHL regular season was shortened to 48 games , and the playoffs pushed to a later date , due to a lockout . The sixteen teams that qualified , eight from each conference , played best-of-seven series for the conference quarterfinals , semifinals and championships , and then the conference champions played a best-of-seven series for the Stanley Cup . In the Final , the New Jersey Devils swept the favored Detroit Red Wings in four games to win their first championship . This was the only time Patrick Roy missed the playoffs in his career . His team , the Montreal Canadiens , missed the playoffs for the first time since 1970 . The Canadiens and the Ottawa Senators missed the playoffs this year . Montreal and Ottawa would not miss the playoffs in the same year again until 2016 , when all Canadian teams missed the playoffs . The Quebec Nordiques played their last ever playoff series during this time . They would move to Denver , Colorado during the summer . For the first time since 1980 , no league semifinal/conference final games were played in Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Kappa_Kappa_Gamma_chapters", "text": "A list of chapters of the Kappa Kappa Gamma women 's fraternity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Einar_Thor", "text": "Einar Thor , also known as Einar Þór Gunnlaugsson , ( born August 2 , 1964 ) is an Icelandic film director and writer primarily based in London since 1990 . He has written and directed various films and videos , made dozens of radio programmes for Icelandic national radio and written articles on art , politics and culture . His filmmaking style has been described by critics as laid back , amusing and minimalistic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glyndebourne_Festival", "text": "Glyndebourne Festival Opera is an annual opera festival held at Glyndebourne , an English country house near Lewes , in East Sussex , England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Ryan_(character)", "text": "John Patrick Ryan , Sr. KCVO is a fictional character created by author Tom Clancy and featured in his Ryanverse novels , which have consistently topped the New York Times bestseller list over 30 years . Since Clancy 's death in 2013 , four other authors have continued the Ryan franchise and its other connecting series with the approval of the Clancy family estate : Mark Greaney , Grant Blackwood , Mike Maden , and Marc Cameron . The son of a Baltimore police detective and a nurse , Jack Ryan is a former U.S. Marine and stockbroker who becomes a civilian history professor at the United States Naval Academy . Ryan later joins the Central Intelligence Agency as an analyst and occasional field officer , eventually leaving it as Deputy Director . He later served as National Security Advisor and Vice President before suddenly becoming President of the United States following a terrorist attack on the United States Capitol . Ryan went on to serve two non-consecutive terms and mostly dealt with international crises in Europe , the Middle East , Asia , and Africa . Jack Ryan has been portrayed in film adaptations by actors Alec Baldwin , Harrison Ford , Ben Affleck , and Chris Pine . The Jack Ryan film series have an unadjusted worldwide gross revenue of $ 788.4 million to date , making it the 57th highest-grossing film series . John Krasinski is the fifth and latest actor to portray Ryan in the Amazon Prime web television series of the same name , which premiered on August 30 , 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002_in_film", "text": "The year 2002 in film involved some significant events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chad", "text": "Chad ( /tʃæd/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : تشاد Tshād , Arabic pronunciation : [ tʃaːd ] ; French : Tchad , pronounced [ tʃa ( d ) ] ) , officially known as the Republic of Chad ( Arabic : جمهورية تشاد Jumhūriyyat Tshād ; French : République du Tchad ) , is a landlocked country in north-central Africa . It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon to the south-west , Nigeria to the southwest ( at Lake Chad ) , and Niger to the west . Chad has several regions : a desert zone in the north , an arid Sahelian belt in the centre and a more fertile Sudanian Savanna zone in the south . Lake Chad , after which the country is named , is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa . The capital N'Djamena is the largest city . Chad 's official languages are Arabic and French . Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups . The most popular religion of Chad is Islam ( at 55% ) , followed by Christianity ( at 40% ) . Beginning in the 7th millennium BC , human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers . By the end of the 1st millennium AD , a series of states and empires had risen and fallen in Chad 's Sahelian strip , each focused on controlling the trans-Saharan trade routes that passed through the region . France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa . In 1960 , Chad obtained independence under the leadership of François Tombalbaye ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Field_Hockey", "text": "Field hockey is a widely played team sport of the hockey family . The game can be played on grass , watered turf , artificial turf or synthetic field , as well as an indoor boarded surface . Each team plays with ten field players and a goalkeeper . Players commonly use sticks made out of wood , carbon fibre , fibre glass or a combination of carbon fibre and fibre glass in different quantities ( with the higher carbon fibre stick being more expensive and less likely to break ) to hit a round , hard , plastic hockey ball . The length of the hockey stick is based on the player 's individual height , the top of the stick usually comes to the players hip , taller players typically have taller sticks . The sticks have a round side and a flat side only the flat face of the stick is allowed to be used , if the other side is used it results in a foul . Goalies often have a different kind of stick , however they can also use an ordinary field hockey stick . The specific goal-keeping sticks have another curve at the end of the stick , this is to give them more surface area to save the ball . The uniform consists of shin guards , shoes , shorts or a skirt , a mouthguard and a jersey . Today , the game is played globally , mainly in parts of Western Europe , South Asia , Southern Africa , Australia , New Zealand , Argentina , and parts of the United States ( primarily New England and the Mid-Atlantic states ) . Known simply as hockey in many territories , the term field hockey is used primarily in Canada and the United States where ice hockey is more popular . In Sweden , the term landhockey is used and to some degree also in Norway where it is governed by Norway 's Bandy Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Hartford", "text": "The University of Hartford ( UHart ) is a private university in West Hartford , Connecticut . Its 350-acre ( 1.4 km2 ) main campus extends into neighboring Hartford and Bloomfield . The university attracts students from 48 states and 43 countries . The university and its degree programs are accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology ( EAC/ABET ) , the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( AACSB ) , and the New England Association of Schools and Colleges-Commission on Institutions of Higher Education ( NEASC-CIHE ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Legend_of_Zelda_(video_game)", "text": "The Legend of Zelda [ b ] is a 1986 action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo and designed by Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka . Set in the fantasy land of Hyrule , the plot centers on a boy named Link , the playable protagonist , who aims to collect the eight fragments of the Triforce of Wisdom in order to rescue Princess Zelda from the antagonist , Ganon . During the course of the game , the player ( seeing Link from a top-down perspective ) navigates throughout the overworld and several dungeons , defeating enemies and uncovering secrets along the way . The first game of The Legend of Zelda series , it was originally released in Japan as a launch game for the Family Computer Disk System peripheral in 1986 . More than a year later , North America and Europe received releases on the Nintendo Entertainment System in cartridge format , being the first home console game to include an internal battery for saving data . This version was later released in Japan in 1994 under the title The Hyrule Fantasy : The Legend of Zelda 1 . [ c ] The game was ported to the GameCube and Game Boy Advance , and is available via the Virtual Console on the Wii , Nintendo 3DS and Wii U . It was also as one of 30 games included within the NES Classic system , and is featured debuting among NES Switch Onlines library of games . The Legend of Zelda was a bestseller for Nintendo , selling over 6.5 million copies . It is often featured in lists of the greatest video games of all time or most influential . A much different sequel for the same system , Zelda II : The Adventure of Link , was first released in Japan less than a year after its predecessor . Eventually spawning many more successors and a number of spin-offs in over 30 years , the series has been established as among Nintendo 's most popular and beloved ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IV_Corps_(India)", "text": "The IV Corps ( Gajraj Corps ) is a military field formation of the Indian Army , created in 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nelson_Piquet", "text": "Nelson Piquet Souto Maior ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈnɛwsõ piˈke ] , born 17 August 1952 ) , known as Nelson Piquet , is a Brazilian former racing driver and businessman . Since his retirement , Piquet has been ranked among the greatest Formula One drivers in various motorsport polls . Piquet had a brief career in tennis before losing interest in the sport and subsequently took up karting and hid his identity to prevent his father discovering his hobby . He became the Brazilian national karting champion in 1971-72 and won the Formula Vee championship in 1976 . With advice from Emerson Fittipaldi , Piquet went to Europe to further success by taking the record number of wins in Formula Three in 1978 , defeating Jackie Stewart 's all-time record . In the same year , he made his Formula One debut with the Ensign team and drove for McLaren and Brabham . In 1979 , Piquet moved to the Brabham team and finished the runner-up in 1980 before winning the championship in 1981 . Piquet 's poor performances in 1982 saw a resurgence for 1983 and his second world championship . For 1984-85 , Piquet had once again lost chances to win the championship but managed to score three wins during that period . He moved to the Williams team in 1986 and was a title contender until the final round in Australia . Piquet took his third and final championship in 1987 during a heated battle with teammate Nigel Mansell which left the pair 's relationship sour . Piquet subsequently moved to Lotus for 1988-89 where he experienced his third drop in form ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Collinwood_school_fire", "text": "The Collinwood school fire ( also known as the Lakeview School fire ) erupted on March 4 , 1908 , killing 172 students , two teachers and one rescuer in one of the deadliest school disasters in United States history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/One_Count", "text": "One Count ( 1949-1966 ) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse . Owned and bred by Walter M. Jeffords , Sr. , and raced by his wife , Sarah , he was a son of the 1943 U.S . Triple Crown Champion , Count Fleet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tamara_E._Jernigan", "text": "Tamara Elizabeth Tammy Jernigan , Ph.D. ( born May 7 , 1959 , in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is an American scientist and former NASA astronaut and a veteran of five shuttle missions . She currently serves as Deputy Principal Associate Director in the Weapons and Complex Integration ( WCI ) organization at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karate_at_the_1994_Asian_Games", "text": "Karate was competed by men and women at the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima , Japan . Kata was contested along with Kumite . There were 11 gold medals contested for this sport . All competition took place on October 3 , 4 and 5 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Factory_system", "text": "The factory system is a method of manufacturing using machinery and division of labour . Because of the high capital cost of machinery and factory buildings , factories were typically privately owned by wealthy individuals who employed the operative labour . Use of machinery with the division of labour reduced the required skill level of workers and also increased the output per worker . The factory system was first adopted in Britain at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in the late 18th century and later spread around the world . It replaced the putting-out system ( Domestic System ) . The main characteristic of the factory system is the use of machinery , originally powered by water or steam and later by electricity . Other characteristics of the system mostly derive from the use of machinery or economies of scale , the centralization of factories , and standardization of interchangeable parts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Kentucky_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Kentucky Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Kentucky in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Mattie Barker of Louisville was crowned Miss Kentucky Teen USA 2020 on February 1 , 2020 at The Center for Rural Development in Somerset . She will represent Kentucky for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Essex_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Essex was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1290 until 1832 . It elected two MPs , traditionally referred to as Knights of the Shire , to the House of Commons . It was divided into two single member constituencies ( Essex North and Essex South ) in the Great Reform Act ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Singer", "text": "Star Singer was an Indian music reality-television competition , broadcast on Asianet and previously sponsored by Idea Cellular . The show , which selected contestants in the age group of 15-35 years determined the winner based on their skill in singing and entertainment . Text messages are sent by the shows ' audience to vote for the best performing participant and a small weightage of this score is considered for a candidate to be shortlisted to next round . The show also features a panel of judges who are prominent personalities in the Malayalam music industry and they offer scores and evaluations of performance to the contestants in every stage of the competition.Asianet Announced The Next Season Of The Star singer , Season 8.Season 8 Will Be Started On January 2020"}
{"title": "/wiki/Hunted_(2012_TV_series)", "text": "Hunted is a 2012 British television drama series created and written by Frank Spotnitz and produced by Kudos and Big Light Productions for British broadcaster BBC , for its main channel BBC One and American premium cable broadcaster Cinemax . The series premiered on Thursday 4 October 2012 on BBC One and on Friday 19 October 2012 on Cinemax ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashley_Judd", "text": "Ashley Judd ( born Ashley Tyler Ciminella ; April 19 , 1968 ) is an American actress and a political activist . She grew up in a family of performing artists : she is the daughter of country music singer Naomi Judd and the sister of Wynonna Judd . Her acting career has spanned more than three decades , and she has also become increasingly involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism . Judd has starred in several films that have been well received as well as films that have been box office successes including : Ruby in Paradise ( 1993 ) , Heat ( 1995 ) , Norma Jean & Marilyn ( 1996 ) , A Time to Kill ( 1996 ) , Kiss the Girls ( 1997 ) , Double Jeopardy ( 1999 ) , Where the Heart Is ( 2000 ) , Frida ( 2002 ) , High Crimes ( 2002 ) , De-Lovely ( 2004 ) , Bug ( 2006 ) , Dolphin Tale ( 2011 ) , Olympus Has Fallen ( 2013 ) , Divergent ( 2014 ) , Barry ( 2016 ) and A Dog 's Way Home ( 2019 ) . She starred as Rebecca Winstone in the 2012 television series Missing , for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Airspeed_Oxford", "text": "The Airspeed AS.10 Oxford was a twin-engine monoplane aircraft developed and manufactured by Airspeed . It saw widespread use for training British Commonwealth aircrews in navigation , radio-operating , bombing and gunnery roles throughout the Second World War . The Oxford was developed by Airspeed during the 1930s in response to a requirement for a capable trainer aircraft that conformed with Specification T.23/36 , which had been issued by the British Air Ministry . Its basic design is derived from the company 's earlier AS.6 Envoy , a commercial passenger aircraft . Performing its maiden flight on 19 June 1937 , it was quickly put into production as part of a rapid expansion of the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) in anticipation of a large-scale conflict . As a consequence of the outbreak of war , many thousands of Oxfords would be ordered by Britain and its allies , including Australia , Canada , France , New Zealand , Poland , and the United States . Following the end of the conflict , the Oxford continued to achieve export sales for some time , equipping the newly formed air forces of Egypt , India , Israel , and Yugoslavia . It was considered to be a capable trainer aircraft throughout the conflict , as well as being used a general-purpose type . A large number of Oxfords have been preserved on static display ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zoran_Vulić", "text": "Zoran Vulić ( born 4 October 1961 ) is a Croatian former professional footballer who played as a central defender , and current manager . He is most notable for having managing Hajduk Split five separate times between 1998 and 2018 , which is a record among all Hajduk managers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nashville,_Tennessee", "text": "Nashville is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Tennessee . The city is the county seat of Davidson County and is located on the Cumberland River . The city 's population ranks 24th in the U.S. Named for Francis Nash , a general of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , the city was founded in 1779 . The city grew quickly due to its strategic location as a port on the Cumberland River and , in the 19th century , a railroad center . Nashville seceded with Tennessee during the American Civil War ; in 1862 it was the first state capital in the Confederacy to fall to Union troops . After the war , the city reclaimed its position and developed a manufacturing base . Since 1963 , Nashville has had a consolidated city-county government , which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system . The city is governed by a mayor , a vice-mayor , and a 40-member metropolitan council ; 35 of the members are elected from single-member districts , while the other five are elected at-large . Reflecting the city 's position in state government , Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court 's courthouse for Middle Tennessee , one of the three divisions . Nashville is a center for the music , healthcare , publishing , private prison , banking , and transportation industries . It is home to numerous colleges and universities , such as Tennessee State University , Vanderbilt University , Belmont University , Fisk University , Trevecca Nazarene University , and Lipscomb University . Entities with headquarters in the city include Asurion , Bridgestone Americas , Captain D 's , CoreCivic , Dollar General , Hospital Corporation of America , LifeWay Christian Resources , Logan 's Roadhouse , and Ryman Hospitality Properties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oregon_Ducks_women's_basketball", "text": "The Oregon Ducks women 's basketball team is the official women 's basketball team of the University of Oregon in Eugene , Oregon . Basketball is one of eleven varsity women 's sports at the University of Oregon . The team is a member of the Pac-12 Conference and a Division I team in the National Collegiate Athletic Association . Matthew Knight Arena is the home venue for both women 's and men 's basketball and women 's volleyball . Nike provides the official team uniforms for University of Oregon sports teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roberto_Barbi", "text": "Roberto Barbi ( born 25 March 1965 ) is a retired Italian long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon . He was banned from sports for life in 2009 , after his second EPO positive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmen_Lee", "text": "Carman Lee Yeuk-tung ( born 16 August 1973 ) is a Hong Kong actress who has appeared in films such as The Wicked City ( 1992 ) , Loving You ( 1995 ) , The Odd One Lives ( 1997 ) , and the North American Knock Off ( 1998 ) with Jean-Claude Van Damme . She is best known for her role as Xiaolongnü in the 1995 TV series adaptation of Louis Cha 's Wuxia novel The Return of the Condor Heroes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Inyeug", "text": "Inyeug Island is a small uninhabited island in Tafea Province of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean . Inyeug means Small Island in a local language . Inyueg is also called Mystery Island by the cruise ships that regularly visit the island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Drew_Carey_Show", "text": "The Drew Carey Show is an American sitcom television series that aired on ABC from September 13 , 1995 to September 8 , 2004 . It was set in Cleveland , Ohio and revolved around the retail office and home life of everyman Drew Carey , a fictionalized version of the actor . The show was created by Carey , who had both stand-up comedy and writing experience , and Bruce Helford , who was once a writer for Roseanne . It was the first television show to have an episode simulcast on the Internet . Produced by Mohawk Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television , it debuted on September 13 , 1995 , and ranked among the Top 30 programs for four seasons before sliding in popularity . Ratings declined sharply during the final two seasons , and the last two episodes aired on September 8 , 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mandy_Wötzel", "text": "Mandy Wötzel ( born 21 July 1973 ) is a German former pair skater who represented East Germany and later Germany in international competition . With partner Ingo Steuer , she is the 1998 Olympic bronze medalist , the 1997 World champion , the 1995 European champion , and a four-time German national champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czech_Republic", "text": "The Czech Republic ( /ˈtʃɛk -/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česká republika [ ˈtʃɛskaː ˈrɛpublɪka ] ( listen ) ) , also known by its short-form name , Czechia ( /ˈtʃɛkiə/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česko [ ˈtʃɛsko ] ( listen ) ) , is a country in Central Europe bordered by Poland to the northeast , Slovakia to the southeast , Austria to the south , and Germany to the west . The Czech Republic is a landlocked country with a hilly landscape that covers an area of 78,866 square kilometers ( 30,450 sq mi ) with a mostly temperate continental climate and oceanic climate . It is a unitary parliamentary republic , with 10.7 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Prague , with 1.3 million residents ; other major cities are Brno , Ostrava , Olomouc and Pilsen . The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia , Moravia , and Czech Silesia . The Czech state was formed in the late ninth century as the Duchy of Bohemia under the Great Moravian Empire . In 1002 , the duchy was formally recognized as an Imperial State of the Holy Roman Empire along with the Kingdom of Germany , the Kingdom of Burgundy , the Kingdom of Italy ; and became the Kingdom of Bohemia in 1198 , reaching its greatest territorial extent in the 14th century . Prague was the imperial seat in periods between the 14th and 17th century . The Protestant Bohemian Reformation of the 15th century led to the Hussite Wars , the first of many conflicts with the Catholic Church . Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526 , the whole Crown of Bohemia was gradually integrated into the Habsburg Monarchy . The Protestant Bohemian Revolt ( 1618-20 ) against the Catholic Habsburgs led to the Thirty Years ' War . After the Battle of the White Mountain , the Habsburgs consolidated their rule , eradicated Protestantism , reimposed Catholicism , and adopted a policy of gradual Germanization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Library", "text": "The British Library is the national library of the United Kingdom and the second largest library in the world by number of items catalogued . It is estimated to contain 150 million+ items from many countries . As a legal deposit library , the British Library receives copies of all books produced in the United Kingdom and Ireland , including a significant proportion of overseas titles distributed in the UK . The Library is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport . The British Library is a major research library , with items in many languages and in many formats , both print and digital : books , manuscripts , journals , newspapers , magazines , sound and music recordings , videos , play-scripts , patents , databases , maps , stamps , prints , drawings . The Library 's collections include around 14 million books , along with substantial holdings of manuscripts and historical items dating back as far as 2000 BC . In addition to receiving a copy of every publication produced in the UK and Ireland ( approximately 8,000 per day ) , the Library has a programme for content acquisitions . The Library adds some three million items every year occupying 9.6 kilometres ( 6.0 mi ) of new shelf space . There is space in the library for over 1,200 readers . Prior to 1973 , the Library was part of the British Museum . The British Library Act 1972 detached the library department from the museum , but it continued to host the now separated British Library in the same Reading Room and building as the museum until 1997 . The Library is now located in a purpose-built building on the north side of Euston Road in St Pancras , London ( between Euston railway station and St Pancras railway station ) , and has a document storage centre and reading room near Boston Spa , near Wetherby in West Yorkshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maluma_(singer)", "text": "Juan Luis Londoño Arias ( born 28 January 1994 ) , known professionally as Maluma , is a Colombian singer , songwriter , and actor signed to Sony Music Colombia , Sony Latin and Fox Music . Born and raised in Medellín , he developed an interest in music at a young age , and began recording songs at age 16 . He released his debut album , Magia , a year later in 2012 . However , his breakthrough album was 2015 's Pretty Boy , Dirty Boy , which led to successful collaborations with artists Thalía , Shakira and Ricky Martin . He released F.A.M.E . in 2018 , to further commercial success . He followed it up with 11:11 , released the next year . Maluma has several singles that have charted within the top 10 on Billboard Hot Latin Songs , including Felices los 4 , Borró Cassette , El Perdedor and Corazón . He has worked with several international artists such as Thalía , Shakira , XXXTentacion , Anitta and Madonna . His collaborative efforts Chantaje with Shakira and Medellín with Madonna have reached the top of the Hot Latin Songs . He has won a Latin Grammy Award , two Latin American Music Awards , and been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album . Musically , Maluma 's songs have been described as reggaeton , Latin trap , and pop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edwin_Ubiles", "text": "Edwin Ubiles ( born November 26 , 1986 ) is a Puerto Rican-American professional basketball player for the Albany Patroons of the North American Premier Basketball ( NAPB ) . He played college basketball for Siena College . A native of Poughkeepsie , New York , he averaged 14.8 points per game over his four seasons at Siena , where he finished third on the school 's all-time scoring list with 1,939 points ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CTV_Television_Network", "text": "The CTV Television Network ( commonly referred to as CTV ) is a Canadian English-language terrestrial television network launched in 1961 . Since 2000 , it is owned by the CTV Inc. subdivision of the Bell Media division of BCE Inc . It is Canada 's largest privately or commercially owned network , and has consistently been placed as Canada 's top-rated network in total viewers and in key demographics since 2002 , after several years trailing the rival Global Television Network in key markets . [ citation needed ] Bell Media also operates additional CTV-branded properties , including the news specialty channel CTV News Channel , the secondary CTV 2 television system , CTV Comedy Channel , CTV Sci-Fi Channel , CTV Drama Channel , and CTV Life Channel . There has never been an official full name corresponding to the initials CTV ; however , it is generally assumed to mean Canadian Television , a branding used in a promotional campaign by the network in 1998 , and also in pre-promotion for the network prior to its launch in 1961 . However , that branding was dropped before the network 's launch when the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation objected to it , claiming exclusive rights to the term Canadian ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cane_End", "text": "Sonning Common is a village and civil parish in a relatively flat , former common land part of the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire , centred 3.5 miles ( 6 km ) west south-west of Henley-on-Thames and 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north of Reading ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Orleans_Saints", "text": "The New Orleans Saints are a professional American football team based in New Orleans , Louisiana . The Saints currently compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) South division . The team was founded by John W. Mecom Jr. , David Dixon , and the city of New Orleans on November 1 , 1966 . The Saints began play in Tulane Stadium in 1967 where they remained until the 1974 NFL season , when they moved to the new Louisiana Superdome ( now the Mercedes-Benz Superdome ) . The name Saints is an allusion to November 1 being All Saints ' Day in the Catholic faith . New Orleans has a large Catholic population , and the spiritual When the Saints Go Marching In is strongly associated with New Orleans and is often sung by fans at games . The team 's primary colors are old gold and black ; their logo is a simplified fleur-de-lis . For most of their first 20 years , the Saints were barely competitive , only getting to .500 twice . In 1987 , they finished 12-3 - their first-ever winning season - and qualified for the NFL playoffs for the first time in franchise history , but lost to the Minnesota Vikings 44-10 . The next season in 1988 ended with a 10-6 record , but no playoff berth . Following the 2000 regular season , the Saints defeated the defending Super Bowl champion St. Louis Rams 31-28 to notch their first-ever playoff win . In 2005 , Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans and much of the Gulf Coast region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midland,_Texas", "text": "Midland is a city in and the county seat of Midland County , Texas , United States , on the Southern Plains of the state 's western area . A small portion of the city extends into Martin County . At the 2010 census , the population of Midland was 111,147 , and a 2018 estimate gave a total of 142,344 , making it the twenty-fourth most populous city in the state of Texas . Due to the oil boom in Midland , certain officials have given population estimates above 155,000 . It is the principal city of the Midland , Texas metropolitan statistical area , which includes all of Midland County , the population of which grew 4.6 percent , between July 1 , 2011 and July 1 , 2012 , to 151,662 , respectively , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The metropolitan area is also a component of the larger Midland-Odessa combined statistical area , which had an estimated population of 295,987 on July 1 , 2012 . People in Midland are called Midlanders . Midland was founded as the midway point between Fort Worth and El Paso on the Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1881 . It is the hometown of former First Lady Laura Bush , and the onetime home of former Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush , and former First Lady Barbara Bush ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Ebdon", "text": "Peter David Ebdon ( born 27 August 1970 ) is an English professional snooker player . He was World Champion in 2002 , beating Stephen Hendry 18-17 in the final , and won the UK Championship in 2006 and seven other ranking events between 1993 and 2012 . He was also a losing finalist in the World Championship in 1996 and 2006 . Ebdon turned professional in 1991 and beat six-time world champion Steve Davis 10-4 in the first round of the 1992 World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deborah_Criddle", "text": "Deborah Criddle MBE ( born on 10 May 1966 ) is a British para-equestrian who won three gold medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and three medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beijing,_China", "text": "Beijing ( /ˌbeɪˈdʒɪŋ/ BAY-JING , /ˌbeɪˈʒɪŋ/ BAY-ZHING ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ pèi.tɕíŋ ] ( listen ) ) , formerly romanized as Peking ( /ˌpiːˈkɪŋ/ PEE-KING ) , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China , the world 's third most populous city proper , and most populous capital city . The city , located in northern China , is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the central government with 16 urban , suburban , and rural districts . Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast ; together , the three divisions form the Jingjinji metropolitan region and the national capital region of China . Beijing is an important world capital and global power city , and one of the world 's leading centers for culture , diplomacy and politics , business and economy , education , language , and science and technology . A megacity , Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation 's cultural , educational , and political center . It is home to the headquarters of most of China 's largest state-owned companies and houses the largest number of Fortune Global 500 companies in the world , as well as the world 's four biggest financial institutions . It is also a major hub for the national highway , expressway , railway , and high-speed rail networks . The Beijing Capital International Airport has been the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic since 2010 , and , as of 2016 [ update ] , the city 's subway network is the busiest and longest in the world . Combining both modern and traditional architecture , Beijing is one of the oldest cities in the world , with a rich history dating back three millennia . As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China , Beijing has been the political center of the country for most of the past eight centuries , and was the largest city in the world by population for much of the second millennium AD . Encyclopædia Britannica notes that few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural center of an area as immense as China . With mountains surrounding the inland city on three sides , in addition to the old inner and outer city walls , Beijing was strategically poised and developed to be the residence of the emperor and thus was the perfect location for the imperial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brig_Owens", "text": "Brigman P. Owens ( born February 16 , 1943 ) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins . He played college football at the University of Cincinnati ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neighbours", "text": "Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera . It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985 . It was created by TV executive Reg Watson , who proposed the idea of making a show that focused on realistic stories and portrayed adults and teenagers who talk openly and solve their problems together . Seven decided to commission the show following the success of Watson 's earlier soap Sons and Daughters , which aired on the network . Although successful in Melbourne , Neighbours underperformed in the Sydney market and struggled for months before Seven cancelled it . The show was immediately bought by rival network Ten . After taking over production of the show , the new network had to build replica sets because Seven destroyed the originals to prevent its rival from obtaining them . Ten began screening Neighbours on 20 January 1986 , beginning where the previous series left off and commencing with episode 171 . Neighbours has since become the longest-running drama series in Australian television and in 2005 , it was inducted collectively into the Logie Hall of Fame . The show 's storylines concern the domestic and professional lives of the people who live and work in Erinsborough , a fictional suburb of Melbourne , Victoria . The series primarily centres on the residents of Ramsay Street , a short cul-de-sac , and its neighbouring area , the Lassiters complex , which includes a bar , hotel , café , police station , lawyers ' office and park . Neighbours began with three families created by Watson - the Ramsays , the Robinsons and the Clarkes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kure,_Hiroshima", "text": "Kure ( 呉市 , Kure-shi ) is a port and major shipbuilding city situated on the Seto Inland Sea in Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . With a strong industrial heritage , Kure hosts the second-oldest naval dockyard in Japan and remains an important base for the Japan Maritime Self-Defence Force ( JMSDF ) . As of 1 May 2015 [ update ] , the city has an estimated population of 228,030 and a population density of 646 persons per km² . The total area is 352.80 km² . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Corey_Redekop", "text": "Corey Redekop is a Canadian novelist and short story writer . He is best known for his 2012 novel Husk , which was a finalist for the ReLit Award for Fiction in 2013 . His debut novel Shelf Monkey was published in 2007 . His short stories have also appeared in the anthologies Licence Expired : The Unauthorized James Bond , The Exile Book of New Canadian Noir , The Bestiary , Superhero Universe and Those Who Make Us : Creature , Myth , and Monster Stories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jayanto_Nath_Chaudhuri", "text": "General Jayanto Nath Chaudhuri , OBE ( 10 June 1908 - 6 April 1983 ) was an Indian full general who served as the Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army from 1962 to 1966 and the Military Governor of Hyderabad State from 1948 to 1949 . After his retirement from the Indian Army , he served as the Indian High Commissioner to Canada from 19 July 1966 until August 1969 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/EP_matrix", "text": "In mathematics , an EP matrix ( or range-Hermitian matrix or RPN matrix ) is a matrix A whose range is equal to the range of its conjugate transpose A* . Another equivalent characterization of EP matrices is that the range of A is orthogonal to the nullspace of A . Thus , EP matrices are also known as RPN matrices , with RPN meaning Range Perpendicular to Nullspace . EP matrices were introduced in 1950 by Hans Schwerdtfeger , and since then , many equivalent characterizations of EP matrices have been investigated through the literature . The meaning of the EP abbreviation stands originally for Equal Principal , but it is widely believed that it stands for Equal Projectors instead , since an equivalent characterization of EP matrices is based in terms of equality of the projectors AA+ and A+A . According to the fundamental theorem of linear algebra , the range of any matrix A is perpendicular to the null-space of A* , but is not necessarily perpendicular to the null-space of A . When A is an EP matrix , the range of A is precisely perpendicular to the null-space of A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slovakia", "text": "Slovakia ( /sloʊˈvækiə , -ˈvɑːk-/ ( listen ) ; Slovak : Slovensko [ ˈslɔʋɛnskɔ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Slovak Republic ( Slovak : Slovenská republika , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked country in the eastern part of Central Europe . It is bordered by Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east , Hungary to the south , Austria to the southwest , and the Czech Republic to the northwest . Slovakia 's territory spans about 49,000 square kilometres ( 19,000 sq mi ) and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5.6 million and consists mostly of Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava , and the second-largest city is Košice . The official language is Slovak . The Slavs arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries . In the 7th century they played a significant role in the creation of Samo 's Empire and in the 9th century established the Principality of Nitra , which was later conquered by the Principality of Moravia to establish Great Moravia . In the 10th century , after the dissolution of Great Moravia , the territory was integrated into the Principality of Hungary , which would become the Kingdom of Hungary in 1000 . In 1241 and 1242 , much of the territory was destroyed by the Mongols during their invasion of Central and Eastern Europe . The area was recovered largely thanks to Béla IV of Hungary who also settled Germans who became an important ethnic group in the area , especially in what are today parts of central and eastern Slovakia . After World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the Czechoslovak National Council established Czechoslovakia ( 1918-1939 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samarkand_International_Airport", "text": "Samarkand International Airport ( IATA : SKD , ICAO : UTSS ) is an airport of entry in Samarkand , Uzbekistan , 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) from the city center . The airport is operated by Uzbekistan Airways since the creation of the airline in 1992 . The airport has domestic as well as international flights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennessee", "text": "Tennessee ( /ˌtɛnəˈsiː/ ( listen ) , locally /ˈtɛnəsi/ ; Cherokee : ᏔᎾᏏ , romanized : Tanasi ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . Tennessee is the 36th largest and the 16th most populous of the 50 United States . Tennessee is bordered by eight states , with Kentucky to the north , Virginia to the northeast , North Carolina to the east , Georgia , Alabama , and Mississippi to the south , Arkansas to the west , and Missouri to the northwest . The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state , and the Mississippi River forms the state 's western border . Nashville is the state 's capital and largest city , with a 2017 population of 667,560 and a 2017 metro population of 1,903,045 . Tennessee 's second largest city is Memphis , which had a population of 652,236 in 2017 . The state of Tennessee is rooted in the Watauga Association , a 1772 frontier pact generally regarded as the first constitutional government west of the Appalachians . What is now Tennessee was initially part of North Carolina , and later part of the Southwest Territory . Tennessee was admitted to the Union as the 16th state on June 1 , 1796 . Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union and join the Confederacy at the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 . Occupied by Union forces from 1862 , it was the first state to be readmitted to the Union at the end of the war . Tennessee furnished more soldiers for the Confederate Army than any other state besides Virginia , and more soldiers for the Union Army than the rest of the Confederacy combined ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aqueduct_Racetrack", "text": "Aqueduct Racetrack is a Thoroughbred horse racing facility and racino in the South Ozone Park and Jamaica neighborhoods of Queens , New York City , United States . Aqueduct is the only racetrack located within New York City limits . Its racing meets are usually from late October/early November through April . The racetrack is located adjacent to a casino called Resorts World New York City . The track itself has three courses . The main track ( dirt ) has a circumference of 1 1⁄8 miles ( 1.8 km ) . Inside of the main track are two courses : the 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) Main Turf Course , and the Inner Turf Course measuring 7.065 furlongs ( 1.421 km ) . The track has seating capacity of 17,000 and total capacity of 40,000 . The facility houses the New York Racing Association 's headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_Vélodrome", "text": "The Stade Vélodrome ( French pronunciation : ​ [ stad velɔdʁom ] ) , known as the Orange Vélodrome for sponsorship reasons , is a multi-purpose stadium in Marseille , France . It is home to the Olympique de Marseille football club of Ligue 1 since it opened in 1937 , and was a venue in the 1998 FIFA World Cup , the 2007 Rugby World Cup and the UEFA Euro 2016 . It occasionally hosts RC Toulon rugby club of the Top 14 . It is the largest club football ground in France , with a capacity of 67,394 spectators . The stadium is also used regularly by the France national rugby union team . The record attendance for a club game before renovation at the Stade Vélodrome was 58,897 ( for a UEFA Cup semi-final against Newcastle United in 2004 ) . Since expansion to 67,394 , the record attendance at the ground now stands at 65,421 for the match against rivals Lyon that occurred on 10 November 2019 . The stadium was also featured as a FIFA World Cup venue when the 1938 finals were held in France . The first-ever match to be played was between Marseille and Torino in 1937 . The French rugby union team began an impressive run of victories at the stadium in the early 2000s . They defeated New Zealand 42-33 in November 2000 , and in 2001 defeated Australia by one point . They beat South Africa in 2002 , followed by a win over England in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orville_Redenbacher", "text": "Orville Clarence Redenbacher ( July 16 , 1907 - September 19 , 1995 ) was an American businessman most often associated with the brand of popcorn that bears his name that is now owned by ConAgra . The New York Times described him as the agricultural visionary who all but single-handedly revolutionized the American popcorn industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Elegido", "text": "El Elegido ( born November 23 , 1975 ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler . Elegido is best known for his appearances with the Mexican professional wrestling promotion AAA , where he has worked primarily as a tecnico ( a face , or those that portray the good guys ) and for a while as a member of the rudo ( Heel , those that portray the bad guys ) stable Los Mirreyes alongside Alan Stone and Toscano . He has also worked for International Wrestling Revolution Group and smaller independent groups . In 2007 , Elegido was among several luchadors that represented AAA in an inter-promotional show with Pro Wrestling Noah at the Differ Ariake Arena . He is known for his entrances consisting of him somersaulting from all four ring corners after raising both arms in the air at each corner . His gear consists of a black mask with a Celtic cross on the forehead of the mask , and black trunks . His ring name is Spanish for The Chosen One"}
{"title": "/wiki/Cold_Case", "text": "Cold Case is an American police procedural television series which ran on CBS from September 28 , 2003 to May 2 , 2010 . The series revolved around a fictionalized Philadelphia Police Department division that specializes in investigating cold cases . On May 18 , 2010 , CBS announced the cancellation of the series after seven seasons and 156 episodes . The series aired in syndication , and also on Ion Television in the U.S. and on Viva in Canada . Sleuth also aired the series occasionally . In 2011 , the show aired on MyNetworkTV . The show made its debut on the new over-the-air channel Start TV when it launched on September 3 , 2018 . It also airs on MBC Action and through the Roku channel . Due to licensing issues related to the use of contemporary music in each episode , none of the seasons have been released on DVD ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Louisiana_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Louisiana Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Louisiana in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Louisiana is in the top 10 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Notable former Miss Louisiana Teen USA titleholders are Miss USA 1996 Ali Landry , Miss Teen USA 2004 Shelley Hennig , Miss Teen USA 2015 Katherine Haik , and Jennifer Dupont , who placed first runner-up at Miss America 2005 . Landry and Hennig have gone on to successful acting careers . Candice Stewart , Miss Louisiana Teen USA 2002 was a contestant on CBS 's Big Brother 15 in 2013 . At 15 , Haik is the youngest woman to win the Miss Teen USA title . Miss Louisiana Teen USA is produced by RPM Productions since 1990 , which also produces the Miss USA and Miss Teen USA state pageants for Alabama , North Carolina and South Carolina . Sydney Taylor of Livingston was crowned Miss Louisiana Teen USA 2020 on October 19 , 2019 at Lafon Performing Arts Center in Luling . She will represent Louisiana for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 on the spring of 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Short_Stay_in_Switzerland", "text": "A Short Stay in Switzerland is a 2009 British television film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Frank McGuinness . It stars Julie Walters , who won the International Emmy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Dr Anne Turner . It was produced by the BBC and was later released on DVD in regions 1 and 2 . It was also nominated for other numerous awards including the BAFTA Award for Best Single TV Drama and Best Actress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lyons,_Michigan", "text": "Lyons is a village in Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was 789 at the 2010 census . Most of the village is within Lyons Township . A small portion extends west into Ionia Township ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palmachim_Airbase", "text": "The Palmachim Airbase ( Hebrew : בָּסִיס חֵיל-הַאֲוִויר פַּלְמַחִים ) is an Israeli military facility and spaceport located near the cities of Rishon LeZion and Yavne on the Mediterranean coast . It is named after nearby Kibbutz Palmachim . The base is home to several IAF helicopter and UAV squadrons , and serves as a rocket launch site for the Arrow missile . Palmachim is also used to launch the Shavit space launch vehicle into retrograde orbit by launching over the Mediterranean , acting as Israel 's primary spaceport . The launchpad is situated at 31°53′04″N 34°40′49″E / 31.88444°N 34.68028°E / 31.88444 ; 34.68028 ( Shavit launchpad ) This ensures that rocket debris falls into water , and that the rocket does not fire over regional neighboring countries near Israel that could use the technology . Palmachim is also used to test ballistic missiles , such as the Jericho . Recent launches include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Tafea_Province", "text": "Tafea is the southernmost of the six provinces of Vanuatu . The name is an acronym for the five main islands that make up the province : Tanna , Aneityum , Futuna , Erromango and Aniwa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Takuma_Sato", "text": "Takuma Sato ( 佐藤 琢磨 , Satō Takuma , born 28 January 1977 ) is a Japanese professional racing driver . Sato has raced full-time in the IndyCar Series since 2010 for the Honda-powered KV , Rahal , Foyt , Andretti , and again starting from 2018 , the Rahal teams . Sato won the 2017 Indianapolis 500 , becoming the first Asian driver to win the Indy 500 . He also became the first Japanese driver to win an IndyCar race when he won the 2013 Grand Prix of Long Beach . He competed in Formula One from 2002 to 2008 for the Honda-powered Jordan , BAR and Super Aguri teams , scoring a single podium at the 2004 United States Grand Prix . His 8th-place finish in the 2004 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship is the best-ever result for a Japanese driver in the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hōtō_(pagoda)", "text": "Pagodas in Japan are called tō ( 塔 , lit . pagoda ) , sometimes buttō ( 仏塔 , lit . Buddhist pagoda ) or tōba ( 塔婆 , lit . pagoda ) and historically derive from the Chinese pagoda , itself an interpretation of the Indian stupa . Like the stupa , pagodas were originally used as reliquaries but in many cases they ended up losing this function . Pagodas are quintessentially Buddhist and an important component of Japanese Buddhist temple compounds but , because until the Kami and Buddhas Separation Act of 1868 , a Shinto shrine was normally also a Buddhist temple and vice versa , they are not rare at shrines either . The famous Itsukushima Shrine , for example , has one . After the Meiji Restoration the word tō , once used exclusively in a religious context , came to mean also tower in the western sense , as for example in Eiffel tower ( エッフェル塔 , Efferu-tō ) . Of the Japanese pagoda 's many forms , some are built in wood and are collectively known as mokutō ( 木塔 , lit . wood pagoda ) , but most are carved out of stone ( sekitō ( 石塔 , lit . stone pagoda ) . Wood pagodas are large buildings with either two stories ( like the tahōtō ( 多宝塔 , lit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexandria,_VA", "text": "Alexandria is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 139,966 , and in 2018 , the population was estimated to be 160,530 . Located along the western bank of the Potomac River , Alexandria is approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of downtown Washington , D.C. Like the rest of Northern Virginia , as well as Central Maryland , modern Alexandria has been influenced by its proximity to the U.S. capital . It is largely populated by professionals working in the federal civil service , in the U.S. military , or for one of the many private companies which contract to provide services to the federal government . One of Alexandria 's largest employers is the U.S. Department of Defense . Another is the Institute for Defense Analyses . In 2005 , the United States Patent and Trademark Office moved to Alexandria , and in 2017 , so did the headquarters of the National Science Foundation . The historic center of Alexandria is known as Old Town . With its concentration of boutiques , restaurants , antique shops and theaters , it is a major draw for all who live in Alexandria as well for visitors . Like Old Town , many Alexandria neighborhoods are compact and walkable . It is the 7th largest and highest-income independent city in Virginia . A large portion of adjacent Fairfax County , mostly south but also west of the city , is also referred to as Alexandria , and has Alexandria , Virginia , mailing addresses , but it is under the jurisdiction of Fairfax County 's government and separate from the independent city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Who's_Tommy", "text": "The Who 's Tommy is a rock musical with music and lyrics by Pete Townshend and book by Townshend and Des McAnuff , based on The Who 's 1969 rock opera Tommy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helen_Crawfurd", "text": "Helen Crawfurd Anderson ( 9 November 1877 - 18 April 1954 ) was a Scottish suffragette , rent strike organiser , Communist activist , and politician . She was born in Glasgow and brought up there and in the London area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "San Juan ( /ˌsæn ˈhwɑːn/ , Spanish : [ saŋ ˈxwan ] ; Saint John ) is the capital and most populous municipality in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , an unincorporated territory of the United States . As of the 2010 census , it is the 46th-largest city under the jurisdiction of the United States , with a population of 395,326 . San Juan was founded by Spanish colonists in 1521 , who called it Ciudad de Puerto Rico ( Rich Port City ) . Puerto Rico 's capital is the third oldest European-established capital city in the Americas , after Santo Domingo , in the Dominican Republic , founded in 1496 and Panama City , in Panama , founded in 1519 . Several historical buildings are located in San Juan ; among the most notable are the city 's former defensive forts , Fort San Felipe del Morro and Fort San Cristóbal , and La Fortaleza , the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the Americas . Today , San Juan is Puerto Rico 's most important seaport and is the island 's manufacturing , [ citation needed ] financial , cultural , and tourism center . The population of the Metropolitan Statistical Area , including San Juan and the municipalities of Bayamón , Guaynabo , Cataño , Canóvanas , Caguas , Toa Alta , Toa Baja , Carolina and Trujillo Alto , is about 2.6 million inhabitants ; thus , about 80% of the population of Puerto Rico now lives and works in this area . San Juan is also a principal city of the San Juan-Caguas-Fajardo Combined Statistical Area . The city has been the host of events within the sports community , including the 1979 Pan American Games ; 1966 Central American and Caribbean Games ; events of the 2006 , 2009 and 2013 World Baseball Classics ; the Caribbean Series and the Special Olympics and MLB San Juan Series in 2010 . The damage caused in 2017 by Hurricane Maria was extensive . Significant progress had been made in the capital by April 2019 , and particularly by October 2019 . This was significant for tourism , which had rebounded by October of that year and was close to the pre-Maria era ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1996_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , 44 events in athletics were contested . There were a total number of 2053 participating athletes from 191 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Castle_Rock,_CO", "text": "Castle Rock is an affluent home rule municipality that is the county seat of Douglas County , Colorado , United States . The most populous municipality of the county , the community 's population was 48,231 at the 2010 United States Census , with an estimated population of 64,827 as of 2018 . It is named for the prominent , castle tower-shaped butte near the center of town . Located midway between Denver and Colorado Springs , Castle Rock is part of the Denver metropolitan area and the Front Range Urban Corridor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tirana", "text": "Tirana ( /tɪˈrɑːnə/ ( listen ) ; Albanian pronunciation : [ tiˈɾaːna ] ; Gheg Albanian : Tirona ) is the capital and largest city by area and population of the Republic of Albania . The city was awarded the title of the European Youth Capital of 2022 . Tirana is located in the center of Albania and is enclosed by mountains and hills with Mount Dajt elevating on the east and a slight valley on the northwest overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance . Due to its location within the Plain of Tirana and the close proximity to the Mediterranean Sea , the city is particularly influenced by a Mediterranean seasonal climate . It is among the wettest and sunniest cities in Europe , with 2,544 hours of sun per year . Tirana flourished as a city in 1614 but the region that today corresponds to the city 's territory has been continuously inhabited since the Iron Age . The city 's territory was inhabited by several Illyrian tribes but had no importance within Illyria . Indeed , it was annexed by Rome and became an integral part of the Roman Empire following the Illyrian Wars . The heritage of that period is still evident and represented by the Mosaics of Tirana . Later , in the 5th and 6th centuries , a Paleochristian basilica was built around this site . After the Roman Empire split into East and West in the 4th century , its successor the Byzantine Empire took control over most of Albania , and built the Petrelë Castle in the reign of Justinian I . The city was fairly unimportant until the 20th century , when the Congress of Lushnjë proclaimed it as Albania 's capital , after the Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toledo_Rockets_football", "text": "The Toledo Rockets football team is a college football program in Division I FBS , representing the University of Toledo . The Rockets compete in the Mid-American Conference . Toledo began playing football in 1917 , although it did not field teams in 1931 , and 1943-1945 . Since the inception of the AP Poll in 1936 Toledo has finished in the Top 25 four times . Its highest finish came in 1970 when it ranked # 12 after finishing 12-0-0 . The University of Toledo has a 10-7 record in bowl games . The Rockets were the 2017 MAC champions . The team 's current head coach is Jason Candle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dhuusamareeb", "text": "Dusmareb ( Somali : Dhusamareeb , Arabic : دوسمريب , Italian : Dusa Mareb ) or Dhusamareb , is the capital of the Galguduud region and administrative capital of Galmudug state in central Somalia . Located in the heart of Dusmareb District , Dusmareb is one of the largest cities in the Galguduud region and is a rapidly developing city located in the heart of Somalia . Historically , the city was known as Daar Dheer or simply Dardher but later in time the citys name changed to Dusmareb also spelled Dhusamareb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calma_(song)", "text": "Calma is a single by Puerto Rican singer Pedro Capó . The song was co-written by Capó , George Noriega and Gabriel Edgar Gonzalez Perez . A remix version featuring Farruko was released on October 5 , 2018 . The remix video has received over 1.8 billion views on YouTube . Since its release , the song has become a huge success , topping the charts of Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , the Dominican Republic , El Salvador , Guatemala , Italy , Mexico , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Uruguay and Venezuela . The song also received a Latin double-platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for units of over 120,000 sales plus track-equivalent streams . Following its success , a remix version featuring Alicia Keys was released on April 19 , 2019 . Finally , a future bounce remix by Alan Walker of the Farruko remix was released on June 21 , 2019 by Sony Music Entertainment . On July 18 , 2019 , Capó and Farruko performed an exclusive version of the song with Lali at the 2019 Premios Juventud . Suzette Fernandez of Billboard highlighted the performance as one of the six best of the night , saying that it was the perfect fit for the show , because it brought the summer vibes that the awards are known for ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geraldine_Bazan", "text": "Rosalba Géraldine Bazán Ortíz ( born 30 January 1983 ) is a Mexican actress , singer , and anchorwoman currently living in Miami . She 's part of Women Fair , Amigos For Kids activities , Latin Book Festivals , in Houston , Dallas , Los Angeles , Chicago and New York , In her spare time Geraldine likes to support causes such as the Televisa and TV Azteca Foundations , Movimiento Azteca , Telethon in Mexico , Panama , and Guatemala . She supports U.S. social and charity organizations and foundations in the areas of the homeless , discrimination , cancer , the Special Olympics , AIDS , and Celebrity Run 5k ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lisa_Rocke", "text": "Lisa Rocke was a German swimmer who set a 200m . world record for breaststroke for women in Berlin on 23 April 1932 with a time of 3 minutes 8.2 seconds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Comandante_Fernández_Department", "text": "Comandante Fernández Department is a central department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 88,000 inhabitants in an area of 1,500 km² , and its capital city is Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña , which is located around 1,120 km from the Capital federal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991–92_Edmonton_Oilers_season", "text": "The 1991-92 Edmonton Oilers season was the Oilers ' 13th season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , and they were coming off a third-round playoff appearance in 1990-91 , losing to the Minnesota North Stars in the Campbell Conference finals . Prior to the season , the Oilers would be involved in a couple of blockbuster deals , the first one occurring on September 19 , as Edmonton would trade Grant Fuhr , Glenn Anderson and Craig Berube to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Vincent Damphousse , Peter Ing , Scott Thornton and Luke Richardson . A little over two weeks later , the Oilers would then deal Mark Messier to the New York Rangers for Bernie Nicholls , Steven Rice and Louie DeBrusk . Edmonton would also name Ted Green as head coach as John Muckler left the Oilers for a job with the Buffalo Sabres . Vincent Damphousse would be the Oilers leader offensively , scoring a team high 38 goals and 51 assists for 89 points . Joe Murphy would have a solid season , earning 82 points . Bernie Nicholls would miss 31 games due to injury , but would record 49 points in the 49 games he played in . Defensively , Dave Manson would anchor the blueline , leading all defensemen with 15 goals and 47 points , and leading the club in penalty minutes with 220 . Fellow blueliner Norm MacIver would earn 40 points in 59 games . In goal , Bill Ranford would appear in 67 of the Oilers 80 games , winning 27 of them , and posting a GAA of 3.58 , and earning a shutout along the way . In the playoffs , the Oilers would open up against Wayne Gretzky and the Los Angeles Kings , who finished two points ahead of Edmonton in the standings . The teams would split the first four games , before Edmonton took control of the series , winning Game 5 in LA and taking the series with a solid 3-0 win in Game 6 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aaron_Alexis", "text": "The Washington Navy Yard shooting occurred on September 16 , 2013 when 34-year-old Aaron Alexis fatally shot 12 people and injured three others in a mass shooting at the headquarters of the Naval Sea Systems Command ( NAVSEA ) inside the Washington Navy Yard in southeast Washington , D.C . The attack took place in the Navy Yard 's Building 197 ; it began around 8:16 a.m. EDT and ended when Alexis was killed by police around 9:25 a.m . It was the second-deadliest mass murder on a U.S. military base , behind the 2009 Fort Hood shooting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Junkhearts", "text": "Junkhearts is 2011 British drama film directed by Tinge Krishnan . It won the Golden St. George at the 34th Moscow International Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_African_Championships_in_Athletics_–_Men's_long_jump", "text": "The men 's long jump event at the 2018 African Championships in Athletics was held on 2 August in Asaba , Nigeria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tapishwar_Narain_Raina", "text": "General Tapishwar Narain Raina Padma Bhushan , MVC ( 24 January 1921 - 19 May 1980 ) , best known as T.N . Raina , was a senior army officer and a diplomat who served as the Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army between 1975 and 1978 . Upon retirement , he was appointed as the High Commissioner of India to Canada . He was a recipient of the third highest civilian honour of India , the Padma Bhushan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K._S._L._Swamy", "text": "Kikkeri Shamanna Lakshminarasimha Swamy ( 21 February 1939 - 20 October 2015 ) , popularly known as K. S. L. Swamy / Lalitha Ravee / Ravee , was an Indian film director , producer , actor and playback singer . He entered cinema at an early age as an assistant to popular directors of the time such as G. V. Iyer and M. R. Vittal . He debuted as an independent film director with the 1966 film , Thoogudeepa . His other films such as Gandhinagara ( 1968 ) and Bhagya Jyothi ( 1975 ) and Malaya Marutha ( 1986 ) proved successful . His 1989 film Jamboo Savari won the National Film Award for Best Children 's Film at the 37th National Film Awards . Swamy was a close associate of director Puttanna Kanagal , and completed two of his films - Masanada Hoovu ( 1984 ) and the long delayed Saavira Mettilu that released in 2006 , following the latter 's death , which also turned out be his own last directorial venture . Recognizing his contribution to cinema , Swamy was awarded the Dr. B. Saroja Devi National Award in 2013 . He was married to actress B. V. Radha . Swamy was also an adept singer well known for the track Suryangu Chandrangu for the film Shubhamangala and Ille Swarga Ille Naraka for Nagarahole . Swamy died on 20 October 2015 due to breathing complications at Bangalore ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Light_welterweight", "text": "Light welterweight , also known as junior welterweight or super lightweight , is a weight class in combat sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Appel", "text": "Mark Stewart Appel ( born July 15 , 1991 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher , who played in Minor League Baseball ( MiLB ) for the Houston Astros and Philadelphia Phillies organizations . After being drafted out of high school by the Detroit Tigers in 2009 , Appel elected to attend Stanford University and play for the Stanford Cardinal baseball team . Named the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association 's Pitcher of the Year in 2012 , he was projected as the first overall draft choice in the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft , but fell in the draft due to signability concerns . Appel did not sign after being selected eighth overall by the Pittsburgh Pirates , returning to Stanford for his senior season . The Houston Astros selected him with the first overall pick in the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft , and he signed with them . Appel was traded to the Phillies after the 2015 season . After continued struggles , he was designated for assignment by the Phillies on November 20 , 2017 . In February 2018 , at the age of 26 , Appel announced that he would step away from baseball . If Appel never returns to the game , he will be the third number-one MLB draft pick prior to 2013 never to play in the major leagues , after Steve Chilcott and Brien Taylor . The Phillies retain his rights , should he decide to play again ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Lion_King_II:_Simba's_Pride", "text": "The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride ( later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride ) is a 1998 American animated direct-to-video romantic musical film and a sequel to Disney 's 1994 animated feature film , The Lion King . The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet . According to co-director Darrell Rooney , the final draft gradually became a variation of Romeo and Juliet . Produced by Walt Disney Video Premiere and Walt Disney Animation Australia and released on October 27 , 1998 , the film centers on Simba and Nala 's daughter Kiara , who falls in love with Kovu , a male rogue lion from a banished pride that was once loyal to Simba 's evil uncle , Scar . Separated by Simba 's prejudice against the banished pride and a vindictive plot planned by Kovu 's mother Zira , Kiara and Kovu struggle to unite their estranged prides and be together . Most of the original cast returned to their roles from the first film with a few exceptions . Rowan Atkinson , who voiced Zazu in the first film , was replaced by Edward Hibbert for both this film and The Lion King 1½ . Jeremy Irons , who voiced Scar in the first film , was replaced by Jim Cummings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waggoner_Carr", "text": "Vincent Waggoner Carr ( October 1 , 1918 - February 25 , 2004 ) was an American politician who served as Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives and Attorney General of Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muhoroni_Youth_F.C.", "text": "Muhoroni Youth Football Club is a football club from Muhoroni , Kenya , but plays its home matches at the Nyayo National Stadium in Nairobi . They currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League , where they were promoted after winning the 2011 season of the defunct KFF Nationwide League . Muhoroni youth won the top 8 cup in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brasília", "text": "Brasília ( /brəˈzɪliə/ , Portuguese : [ bɾaˈziljɐ ] ) is the federal capital of Brazil and seat of government of the Federal District . The city is located atop the Brazilian highlands in the country 's center-western region . It was founded on April 21 , 1960 , to serve as the new national capital . Brasília is estimated to be Brazil 's third-most populous city . Among major Latin American cities , it has the highest GDP per capita . Brasília was planned and developed by Lúcio Costa , Oscar Niemeyer and Joaquim Cardozo in 1956 in a scheme to move the capital from Rio de Janeiro to a more central location . The landscape architect was Roberto Burle Marx . The city 's design divides it into numbered blocks as well as sectors for specified activities , such as the Hotel Sector , the Banking Sector , and the Embassy Sector . Brasília was chosen as a UNESCO World Heritage Site due to its modernist architecture and uniquely artistic urban planning . It was named City of Design by UNESCO in October 2017 and has been part of the Creative Cities Network since then . All three branches of Brazil 's federal government are centered in the city : executive , legislative and judiciary . Brasília also hosts 124 foreign embassies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Johnson_(guitarist,_born_1954)", "text": "Eric Johnson ( born August 17 , 1954 ) is an American guitarist , vocalist , composer , and multi-instrumentalist . His 1990 album Ah Via Musicom was certified platinum by the RIAA , and the single Cliffs of Dover won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance . Best known for his electric guitar skills , Johnson is also a highly proficient acoustic , lap steel , resonator , and bass guitarist , as well as an accomplished pianist and vocalist . He plays many musical genres , including rock , blues , jazz fusion , soul , folk , new-age , classical , and country . Guitar Player magazine has called him one of the most respected guitarists on the planet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Presidencia_Roque_Sáenz_Peña", "text": "Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña ( normally known as Sáenz Peña ) is a city in the province of Chaco , Argentina . It is the second largest in the province . It is located 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) west-northwest of the provincial capital Resistencia , on the main rail and road route across northern Argentina to Salta . The city has a population of 76,377 for the urban area ( localidad ) and 88,164 for the whole municipality ( 2001 census [ INDEC ] ) . Sáenz Peña was founded in 1912 and has developed as a commercial and industrial centre serving the surrounding agricultural region of the Gran Chaco plains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grete_Ingeborg_Nykkelmo", "text": "Grete Ingeborg Nykkelmo ( born 25 December 1961 ) is a former biathlete and cross-country skier from Norway . She competed in both events from 1982 to 1992 . She won four medals at the 1985 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Seefeld with a gold in the 20 km , a silver in the 4 × 5 km relay , and bronzes in the 5 km and 10 km . At the 1991 Biathlon World Championships in Lahti , she won a gold medal in the 7.5 km sprint and silvers in the 15 km individual and the 3 × 7.5 km relay . In 1980 she became Norwegian champion in 10 km cross-country running , representing Selbu IL . On the same distance she won one silver medal ( 1981 ) and three bronze medals ( 1979 , 1982 , 1985 ) . Nykkelmo won the Egebergs Ærespris in 1990 for her top achievements and also won one additional cross-country skiing event in 20 km in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cockerham", "text": "Cockerham is a small village and civil parish within the City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England . It is 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south of Lancaster and 15 miles ( 24 km ) north-northwest of Preston . Located on the River Cocker , at the estuary of the River Lune , it has a total resident population of 558 , increasing to 671 at the 2011 Census . Cockerham has lain within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire since the Middle Ages [ citation needed ] having previously formed a township and parish within the hundred of Lonsdale and district of Lancaster . Between 1894 and 1974 , Cockerham lay within the Lancaster Rural District . Medieval life of Cockerham manor has been recorded in the Custumal of the Manor of Cockerham , compiled in 1326-1327 and revised in 1463 . The custumal , a record of rents and services owed by the tenants to their landlord , combines a local code of laws with an inventory of all resources of the land , from peat fuel , cattle and sheep to shoreline mussels . The tenants were forbidden to trade local fuel to the strangers who collected mussels on the shore . The local church is St. Michael 's . The original parish church was in the middle of the village but was resited on higher ground due to frequent flooding . Close by are the remains of Cockersand Abbey . The village has a pub , the Manor Inn , though there have been at least two in the past ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goiti_Yamauchi", "text": "Goiti Yamauchi ( born January 5 , 1993 ) is a Japanese-born Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Lightweight division for Bellator MMA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madison_County,_Missouri", "text": "Madison County is a county located in the Lead Belt region of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 12,226 . Its county seat and largest city is Fredericktown . The county was officially organized on December 14 , 1818 , and was named after President James Madison . Mining has been a key industry in this area with Madison County recorded as having the oldest lead mine west of the Mississippi River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_College_World_Series", "text": "The 1988 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1988 NCAA Division I baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball . The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series , a double-elimination tournament in its forty-second year . Eight regional competitions were held to determine the participants in the final event . Each region was composed of six teams , resulting in 48 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season , and in some cases , after a conference tournament . The forty-second tournament 's champion was Stanford coached by Mark Marquess . The Most Outstanding Player was Lee Plemel of Stanford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Russell,_1st_Earl_Russell", "text": "John Russell , 1st Earl Russell , KG , GCMG , PC , FRS ( 18 August 1792 - 28 May 1878 ) , known by his courtesy title Lord John Russell before 1861 , was a leading Whig and Liberal politician who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain in 1846-1852 , and 1865-1866 during the early Victorian era . The third son of the Duke of Bedford , Russell was educated at Westminister and Edinburgh University , and represented various districts in Commons including the City of London . In 1828 he took a leading role in the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts which discriminated against Protestant dissenters . In 1829 he was a leader in support of Catholic emancipation . He was a prominent leader in passing the Great Reform Act of 1832 . It was the first major reform of the representative system in two centuries , and the first step on the road to democracy and away from rule by the aristocracy and landed gentry . He favoured reduction of the property qualifications to vote but never advocated universal suffrage . He served in many high offices over the decades , including home secretary and colonial Secretary under Melbourne ; he was leader of the house under Aberdeen ; he was foreign secretary under Aberdeen and Palmerston . He was outspoken on many issues , calling for the repeal of the corn laws in 1845 , denouncing the revival of Catholic bishoprics in 1850 , supporting Italian nationalism , and keeping the nation neutral during the American Civil War . In the 1860s he sympathized with the cause of Poland and Denmark , but took no action as prime minister . Over the years he was closely associated with Palmerston , although there were stormy times as when he helped force Palmerston out as prime minister in 1851 , and in revenge Palmerston defeated his government in 1852 . Russell often acted before building a consensus among his leadership team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_Don't_You_Weep", "text": "Mary Do n't You Weep ( alternately titled O Mary Do n't You Weep , Oh Mary , Do n't You Weep , Do n't You Mourn , or variations thereof ) is a Spiritual that originates from before the American Civil War - thus it is what scholars call a slave song , a label that describes their origins among the enslaved , and it contains coded messages of hope and resistance . It is one of the most important of Negro spirituals . The song tells the Biblical story of Mary of Bethany and her distraught pleas to Jesus to raise her brother Lazarus from the dead . Other narratives relate to The Exodus and the Passage of the Red Sea , with the chorus proclaiming Pharaoh 's army got drown-ded ! , and to God 's rainbow covenant to Noah after the Great Flood . With liberation thus one of its themes , the song again becomes popular during the Civil Rights Movement . Additionally , a song that explicitly chronicles the victories of the Civil Rights Movement , If You Miss Me from the Back of the Bus , written by Charles Neblett of The Freedom Singers , was sung to this tune and became one of the most well-known songs of that movement . In 2015 it was announced that The Swan Silvertones 's version of the song will be inducted into the Library of Congress 's National Recording Registry for the song 's cultural , artistic and/or historical significance to American society and the nations audio legacy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Austrian_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Austrian Open was the twelfth event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . The event was organised by the Austrian Table Tennis Association , under the authority of the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It was the last Platinum event on the tour , and took place from 8-11 November in Linz , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1988 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 12-0 , 1988 at Reunion Arena in Dallas , TX . Number 1 seed SMU defeated 2 seed Baylor 75-64 to win their 1st championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1988 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broch_of_West_Burrafirth", "text": "The Broch of West Burrafirth is an Iron Age broch located on the west side of Mainland , Shetland ( grid reference HU25625720 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selwyn_District", "text": "Selwyn District is a predominantly rural area in central Canterbury , on the east coast of New Zealand 's South Island . It is named after the Selwyn River , which is in turn named after Bishop George Selwyn , the first Anglican bishop of New Zealand who , in 1843 and 1844 , travelled the length of the country by horse , foot , boat and canoe , leaving in his wake a sprinkling of locations that now bear his name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NY_42", "text": "New York State Route 42 ( NY 42 ) is a north-south , discontinuous state highway in the Catskill Mountains region of New York in the United States . The southernmost of the highway 's two segments begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 6 ( US 6 ) and US 209 in Port Jervis and ends at a junction with NY 55 near the Rondout Reservoir in Neversink . NY 42 's northern segment runs from NY 28 in Shandaken to NY 23A in Lexington . The 41-mile ( 66 km ) southern segment is located in Orange County and Sullivan County , while the 11-mile ( 18 km ) northern segment is in Ulster County and Greene County . NY 42 is one of three state routes in New York that is split into two segments ; the others are NY 24 and NY 878 , both located on Long Island . Like NY 24 , NY 42 was a continuous route when it was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . The portion of the route between Neversink and Shandaken was eliminated in the mid-1930s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahé,_India", "text": "Mahé , also known as Mayyazhi , is a small town in the Mahé district of the Pondicherry Union Territory . It is situated at the mouth of the Mahé River and is surrounded by the State of Kerala . The Kannur District surrounds Mahé on three sides and Kozhikode District from one side . Formerly part of French India , Mahé now forms a municipality in Mahé district , one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry . Mahé has one representative in the Puducherry Legislative Assembly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_McKimson", "text": "Robert Porter Bob McKimson Sr. ( October 13 , 1910 - September 29 , 1977 ) was an American animator and illustrator , best known for his work on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons from Warner Bros. Cartoons and later DePatie-Freleng Enterprises . He wrote and directed many animated cartoon shorts starring Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Porky Pig , Foghorn Leghorn , Hippety Hopper , The Tasmanian Devil and among other characters . He was also well known for defining Bugs Bunny 's look in the 1943 short Tortoise Wins by a Hare ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perry_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Perry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 28,712 . Its county seat is Hazard . The county was founded in 1820 . Both the county and county seat are named for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry , a naval hero in the War of 1812 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dom_Dwyer", "text": "Dominic James Dwyer ( born July 30 , 1990 ) is an English-American soccer player who plays as a forward for MLS side Orlando City and the United States men 's national soccer team . Born in England , Dwyer represented among other teams Norwich City as a youth . In 2009 , he moved to the United States on a soccer scholarship and played for Tyler Junior College and the South Florida Bulls . He was drafted by Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer in 2012 , and won the MLS Cup with them in 2013 . In 2017 , he joined Orlando in the largest transfer between two MLS clubs . Dwyer became an American citizen in March 2017 , and was called up to the U.S. national team later that year for the 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup , winning the tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linux-HA", "text": "The Linux-HA ( High-Availability Linux ) project provides a high-availability ( clustering ) solution for Linux , FreeBSD , OpenBSD , Solaris and Mac OS X which promotes reliability , availability , and serviceability ( RAS ) . The project 's main software product is Heartbeat , a GPL-licensed portable cluster management program for high-availability clustering . Its most important features are :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Brady_Anderson_(footballer)", "text": "Brady Anderson ( born 12 June 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the AFL . Anderson started his career at East Perth where he was a Sandover Medalist in 1997 before being recruited by North Melbourne in the Pre-season draft . He made his debut in the opening round of the 1998 season against West Coast at the MCG . Anderson remained with North Melbourne for three seasons and finished with 28 games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Hurricanes_baseball", "text": "The Miami Hurricanes baseball team is the college baseball program that represents the University of Miami . Since 1973 , the program has been one of college baseball 's elite with 25 College World Series appearances , winning four national championships ( 1982 , 1985 , 1999 , 2001 ) and advancing to the NCAA regionals a record 44 consecutive years . Miami has won 29 NCAA Regional Titles , hosted 27 NCAA Regionals , and in each of their four national championship runs they were a NCAA Regional Host . Along with the university 's other athletic teams , the baseball team became a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference during the 2004-05 academic year . Previously , the baseball program competed as an NCAA independent , even during the school 's Big East affiliation in other sports . Miami won its first ever conference championship in baseball when it captured the 2008 ACC Baseball Championship . The Hurricanes play in Mark Light Field at Alex Rodriguez Park , on the UM campus , in Coral Gables , Florida . Gino DiMare will serve as the team 's head coach in 2019 after the retirement of longtime head coach Jim Morris following the 2018 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1988", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1988 , the sixth Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from San Bernardino , California on July 25 , 1988 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Mindy Duncan of Oregon was crowned by outgoing queen Kristi Addis of Mississippi . This was the first of two years the pageant was held in San Bernardino . It was hosted by Dick Clark for the first time , He would later host the Miss USA Pageants from 1989 to 1993 and Miss Universe Pageants from 1990 to 1993 and returned to The Miss Teen USA Pageants in 1991 on CBS and remained as host until 1993 , with color commentary from Tracy Scoggins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Townsquare_Media", "text": "Townsquare Media , Inc. ( formerly Regent Communications until 2010 ) is an American radio network and media company based in Purchase , New York . The company started in radio and expanded into digital media toward the end of the 2000s , starting with the acquisition of the MOG Music Network . As of 2019 , Townsquare was the third-largest AM-FM operator in the country , owning over 321 radio stations in 67 markets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Tigers", "text": "The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit , Michigan . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) Central division . One of the AL 's eight charter franchises , the club was founded in Detroit as a member of the minor league Western League in 1894 and is the only Western League team still in its original city . They are also the oldest continuous one name , one city franchise in the AL . Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901 , the Tigers have won four World Series championships ( 1935 , 1945 , 1968 , and 1984 ) , 11 AL pennants ( 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1934 , 1935 , 1940 , 1945 , 1968 , 1984 , 2006 , 2012 ) , and four AL Central division championships ( 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 ) . They also won division titles in 1972 , 1984 , and 1987 as a member of the AL East . The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit . The Tigers constructed Bennett Park at the corner of Michigan Avenue and Trumbull Avenue in Corktown ( just west of Downtown Detroit ) and began playing there in 1896 . In 1912 , the team moved into Navin Field , which was built on the same location . It was expanded in 1938 and renamed Briggs Stadium . It was renamed Tiger Stadium in 1961 and the Tigers played there until moving to Comerica Park in 2000 . From 1901 to 2019 , the Tigers ' overall win-loss record is 9,346-9,191 ( a winning percentage of .504 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Celia_Cruz", "text": "Úrsula Hilaria Celia de la Caridad Cruz Alfonso ( October 21 , 1925 - July 16 , 2003 ) , known as Celia Cruz , was a Cuban singer and one of the most popular Latin artists of the 20th century . Cruz rose to fame in Cuba during the 1950s as a singer of guarachas , earning the nickname La Guarachera de Cuba . In the following decades , she became known internationally as the Queen of Salsa or The Queen of Latin Music due to her contributions to Latin music in the United States . She began her career in her native Cuba , earning recognition as a vocalist of the popular musical group Sonora Matancera , a musical association that lasted fifteen years ( 1950-1965 ) . Cruz mastered a wide variety of Afro-Cuban music styles including guaracha , rumba , afro , son and bolero , recording numerous singles in these styles for Seeco Records . In the early 1960s , after the Cuban Revolution caused the nationalization of the music industry , Cruz left her native country , becoming one of the symbols and spokespersons of the Cuban community in exile . Cruz continued her career , first in Mexico , and then in the United States , the country that she took as her definitive residence . In the 1960s , she collaborated with Tito Puente , recording her signature tune Bemba colorá . In the 1970s , she signed for Fania Records and became strongly associated with the salsa genre , releasing hits such as Quimbara . She often appeared live with Fania All-Stars and collaborated with Johnny Pacheco and Willie Colón . During the last years of her career , Cruz continued to release successful songs such as La vida es un carnaval and La negra tiene tumbao . Her musical legacy is made up of a total of 37 studio albums , as well as numerous live albums and collaborations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Easton_in_Gordano", "text": "Easton in Gordano ( /ɡɔːrˈdeɪnoʊ/ ) is a village in Somerset , England , about 4 1⁄2 miles ( 7 km ) northwest of Bristol city centre . It is part of the civil parish of Pill and Easton-in-Gordano and within the District of North Somerset . In 2011 the population of the parish was 4,828 . The village is close to junction 19 of the M5 motorway , making it popular with commuters working in the Bristol area . Most facilities are in the nearby larger village of Pill , or the town of Portishead which lies some 3 miles ( 5 km ) to the west ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1966", "text": "Miss World 1966 , the 16th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 17 November 1966 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , UK . The winner was Reita Faria of India , first Asian delegate to win Miss World title . She was crowned by Miss World 1965 , Lesley Langley of United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_Midgley", "text": "Walter Midgley ( 13 September 1912 - 18 September 1980 ) was an English opera tenor who sang leading roles at the Royal Opera House and elsewhere from the 1930s to the 1950s . Midgley was born in Bramley , near Rotherham . After leaving school , he worked as a clerk in a steelworks in Sheffield while learning to play musical instruments and sing in choirs during his spare time . In order to earn enough to pay for singing lessons , he formed a dance-band and eventually enrolled in the Sheffield School of Music . He auditioned for the Carl Rosa Opera Company and was engaged as a chorister , subsequently playing small parts and eventually making his debut as a principal in the role of Rodolfo in La bohème . Before World War II , he also sang with the Sadler 's Wells company . He also sang with Geraldo on BBC Radio . After the war he became Principal Tenor at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , making his debut as Calaf in Turandot . He sang major tenor roles from 1951 to 1953 but left after a difference with the management and never returned . In 1948 during Rigoletto at Covent Garden , while he was singing 'Questa o quella ' , Walter swallowed his false moustache . This incident made newspaper headlines all over the world and the story has become a classic . But far from being amusing , it was very worrying ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Farizal_Harun", "text": "Mohd Farizal bin Harun ( born 2 February 1986 in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Selangor as a goalkeeper in the Malaysia Premier League . Known as Farizal most recognized due to his technical ability in term of reflex saves and specialize in saving penalty kick . From Felda Palong , Negeri Sembilan , he is the son of Felda settlers . But his lack of consistency cost the team triumph . Once upon a time Felda United almost created history to win their first ever FA Cup but last minute Pahang managed to grabbed 2 cushioned goals . The same thing happened during 2012 Malaysia Cup Final when Kelantan scored 2 easy gol after Farizal nutmegged by himself . During 2013 Malaysia Cup campaign , once again , the same story when ATM were leading by away goal margin to final but lost the game after the defenders failed to held the pressured from Kelantan offensive counterpart . Thus conceding last minute goal scored by Fakri Saarani . 2018 Farizal won his second Malaysia Premier League title with Felda United , his second title after 2012 season with ATM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1968_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , 36 athletics events were contested , 24 for men and 12 for women . There were a total number of 1031 participating athletes from 93 countries . These games were notable for a number of Olympic firsts and numerous world records . These included :"}
{"title": "/wiki/90th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 90th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2017 , and took place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California . The ceremony was held on March 4 , 2018 , rather than its usual late-February date to avoid conflicting with the 2018 Winter Olympics . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) , produced by Michael De Luca and Jennifer Todd and directed by Glenn Weiss . Comedian Jimmy Kimmel hosted for the second consecutive year . In related events , the Academy held its 9th Annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 11 , 2017 . On February 10 , 2018 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Scientific and Technical Awards were presented by host Patrick Stewart . The Shape of Water won a leading four awards , including Best Picture and Best Director for Guillermo del Toro . Dunkirk won three awards ; Blade Runner 2049 , Coco , Darkest Hour , and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri won two awards each . Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell won Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor awards for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri while Gary Oldman won Best Actor for Darkest Hour . Allison Janney won Best Supporting Actress honor for I , Tonya . With a U.S. viewership of 26.5 million , it was the least-watched Oscar ceremony to that point ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Father_Murphy", "text": "Father Murphy is an American western drama television series that aired on the NBC network from November 3 , 1981 , to September 18 , 1983 . Michael Landon created the series , was the executive producer , and directed the show in partnership with William F. Claxton , Maury Dexter , Victor French and Leo Penn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kings_Langley", "text": "Kings Langley is a historic village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , England , 21 miles ( 34 km ) northwest of central London to the south of the Chiltern Hills and now part of the London commuter belt . The village is divided between two local government districts by the River Gade with the larger western portion in the Borough of Dacorum and smaller part , to the east of the river , in Three Rivers District . It was once the location of Kings Langley Palace , a royal palace of the Plantagenet kings of England . The 12th-century parish church of All Saints ' houses the tomb of Edmund of Langley ( 1341-1402 ) , the first Duke of York . It is 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of Hemel Hempstead and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north of Watford . The place-name Langley is first attested here in a Saxon charter of circa 1050 , where it appears as Langalega . It is spelt Langelai in the Domesday Book of 1086 , and is recorded as Langel ' Regis in 1254 . The name means 'long wood or clearing ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UNESCO_World_Heritage_Site:_Historic_Town_of_St_George_and_Related_Fortifications,_Bermuda", "text": "The Historic Town of St George and Related Fortifications is the name used by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization 's ( UNESCO ) World Heritage Committee to identify collectively as a World Heritage site St. George 's Town , founded in 1612 ( following the 1609 wreck on Bermuda 's reefs of the Sea Venture ) , and a range of fortifications , batteries , and magazines built between 1612 and 1939 , the last of which was removed from use in 1953 . St. George 's , located on the island , and within the parish of the same names , is the oldest surviving English town in the New World . Originally called New London , it was founded by the Virginia Company and was Bermuda 's capital until 1815 . It contains many historic buildings , including St. Peter 's Church ( consecrated in 1612 , though the oldest parts of the present structure date to 1620 ) , the oldest Protestant church in the New World , the State House , which had housed the Parliament of Bermuda from 1620 until 1815 , and many other historical buildings , including the Tucker House , the Globe Hotel , the Mitchell House , Stuart Lodge , the Old Rectory , the Bridge House , the Carriage House , and the Unfinished Church ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hamilton_Wanderers", "text": "Hamilton Wanderers Association Football Club is a professional association football club from Hamilton , New Zealand , that currently competes in the ISPS Handa Premiership . The club is noted for their youth academy , with graduates including current New Zealand internationals Chris Wood and Marco Rojas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toa_Payoh", "text": "Toa Payoh ( Chinese : 大巴窑 , Tamil : தோ பாயோ ) is a planning area and matured residential town located in the northern part of the Central Region of Singapore . Toa Payoh planning area borders Bishan and Serangoon to the north , the Central Water Catchment to the northwest , Kallang to the south , Geylang to the southeast , Novena to the west and Hougang to the east . Toa Payoh New Town is situated in the eastern portion of the Toa Payoh planning area . The latter occupies a much larger area , encompassing estates such as Potong Pasir and Bidadari ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gletsch", "text": "Gletsch ( 1,757 m ( 5,764 ft ) ) is a hamlet in the German-speaking half of the canton of Valais , located in the upper Rhone valley , called Obergoms ( 'Upper Goms ' ) , 2.5 kilometres ( 1.6 mi ) , southeast below the Rhone Glacier 's mouth and itself the headwaters of the Rhône . It is called Gletsch ( some short of Gletscher , the German term for glacier ) , since the first building was the predecessor of the Hôtel Glacier du Rhône ( c. 1860 ) built more or less just next to the glacier 's mouth in 1830 . It belongs to the municipality of Obergoms . Gletsch lies at the crossroads of the Grimsel Pass ( leading to the Bernese Oberland ) and the Furka Pass ( leading to Andermatt , the central Swiss transport cross , and eventually either to Central Switzerland , or the Grisonian Surselva , or the Ticino ) . The Gletsch railway station is operated by the Furka Cogwheel Steam Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elmer_Fudd", "text": "Elmer J. Fudd is a fictional cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies series , and an adversary of Bugs Bunny . He has one of the more disputed origins in the Warner Bros. cartoon pantheon ( second only to Bugs himself ) . His aim is to hunt Bugs , but he usually ends up seriously injuring himself and other antagonizing characters . He speaks in an unusual way , replacing his Rs and Ls with Ws , so he always refers to Bugs Bunny as a scwewy wabbit . Elmer 's signature catchphrase is , Shhh . Be vewy vewy quiet , I 'm hunting wabbits , as well as his trademark laughter . The best known Elmer Fudd cartoons include Chuck Jones ' work What 's Opera , Doc ? ( one of the few times Fudd bested Bugs , though he felt bad about it ) , the Rossini parody Rabbit of Seville , and the Hunting Trilogy of Rabbit Season/Duck Season shorts ( Rabbit Fire , Rabbit Seasoning , and Duck ! Rabbit , Duck ! ) with Fudd , Bugs Bunny , and Daffy Duck . An earlier character named Egghead set some of Elmer 's aspects before the character 's more conspicuous features were set ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newport,_Kentucky", "text": "Newport is a home rule-class city at the confluence of the Ohio and Licking rivers in Campbell County , Kentucky , in the United States . The population was 15,273 at the 2010 census . Historically , it was one of four county seats of Campbell County . Newport is a major urban center of Northern Kentucky and part of the Cincinnati Metropolitan Area , which includes over 2 million inhabitants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988–89_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1988 season began on December 24 , 1988 . The postseason tournament concluded with the San Francisco 49ers defeating the Cincinnati Bengals in Super Bowl XXIII , 20-16 , on January 22 , 1989 , at Joe Robbie Stadium in Miami , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Ørnskov", "text": "Martin Ørnskov Nielsen ( born 10 October 1985 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Lyngby BK where he is currently captain . Ørnskov began playing football at age 5 in the Silkeborg IF academy and came through the ranks to make well over 100 appearances in all competitions for them . He moved to Norwegian side Viking in 2012 , where he had a short spell before moving back to Denmark to join Brøndby IF in 2013 . After three years in Brøndby , Ørnskov signed with Lyngby BK in 2016 , experiencing both European football , relegation and promotion in three years . He became club captain for Lyngby in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dead_Babies_(film)", "text": "Dead Babies , ( Mood Swingers for US release ) , is a 2000 British film directed by William Marsh . It is based on the novel of the same name by Martin Amis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Outlaw", "text": "George Outlaw ( October 25 , 1771 - August 15 , 1825 ) was a U.S . Congressman from North Carolina in 1825 . Outlaw , born near Windsor , North Carolina in Bertie County , was educated by private teachers and in the common schools . He engaged in agricultural and mercantile pursuits and was elected to the North Carolina House of Commons for a term in 1796 to 1797 . He rose to the North Carolina Senate , serving in 1802 from 1806 to 1808 from 1810 to 1814 , 1817 , 1821 , and 1822 , where he was that body 's speaker in 1812 , 1813 , and 1814 . Following the resignation of Rep. Hutchins Burton , Outlaw was sent to the 18th U.S. Congress in a special election ; he served for less than two months in Congress , from January 19 , 1825 to March 3 , 1825 . Outlaw was defeated in his campaign for re-election by Willis Alston in a three-way race . Alston , who had served previously from 1799 to 1815 , criticized Outlaw 's vote for William H. Crawford in the contingent presidential election of 1825 . Outlaw 's vote reflected the vote of the 2d Congressional District ( which had voted Crawford 1,516 to Jackson 957 ) , but the voters agreed with Alston and elected him over Outlaw by a 42-31% margin ( with an Adams supporter winning 27% ) . Afterwards , he resumed agricultural and mercantile pursuits and died in Windsor in 1825 , where he is buried in his family cemetery . Outlaw was the cousin of Rep. David Outlaw ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Judith_Resnik", "text": "Judith Arlene Resnik ( /ˈrɛznɪk/ ; April 5 , 1949 - January 28 , 1986 ) was an American electrical engineer , software engineer , biomedical engineer , pilot and NASA astronaut who died when the Space Shuttle Challenger was destroyed during the launch of mission STS-51-L. Resnik was the second American woman in space and the fourth woman in space worldwide , logging 145 hours in orbit . She was the first Jewish woman of any nationality in space . The IEEE Judith Resnik Award for space engineering is named in her honor . Initially planning to be a concert pianist , Resnik turned down a place at the Juilliard School of Music , choosing instead to study at Carnegie Mellon University after being 1 of only 16 women in the history of the United States to have attained a perfect score on the SAT exam at the time . She went on to graduate with a degree in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon before attaining a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the University of Maryland . Recognised while still a child for her intellectual brilliance , Resnik went on to work for RCA as an engineer on NASA missile and radar projects , was a senior systems engineer for Xerox Corporation and published research on special purpose integrated circuitry before she was recruited by NASA to the astronaut program as a mission specialist at age 28 . While training on the astronaut program , she developed software and operating procedures for NASA missions . She was also a pilot and made research contributions to biomedical engineering as a research fellow of biomedical engineering at the National Institutes of Health ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil_national_under-17_football_team", "text": "The Brazil national under-17 football team , also known as Brazil Under-17s or Seleção Sub-17 , represents Brazil in association football , at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation , the governing body for football in Brazil . Their head coach is Guilherme Dalla Déa . Brazil hosted the 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup . It was the first time that Brazil ever hosted a FIFA youth tournament . The tournament cumulated in Brazil lifting their 4th FIFA U-17 World Cup , making it the first time ever that Brazil had won a FIFA World Cup competition at home ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parrott_rifle", "text": "The Parrott rifle was a type of muzzle-loading rifled artillery weapon used extensively in the American Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hard_Rock_Hotel_and_Casino_Atlantic_City", "text": "The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Atlantic City ( formerly Trump Taj Mahal ) is a casino and hotel on the Boardwalk , owned by Hard Rock International , in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States . The casino , originally known as the Trump Taj Mahal , was inaugurated by its then-owner Donald Trump in 1990 , and was built at a total cost of nearly US $ 1 billion . Original restaurants at the Taj Mahal included Hard Rock Cafe , Sultan 's Feast , Dynasty , Il Mulino New York , Moon at Dynasty , and Robert 's Steakhouse . It was also the home of Scores , the country 's first in-casino strip club . The Taj Mahal came to the brink of closure in 2014 as its parent company went through bankruptcy , but ultimately remained open under the new ownership of Icahn Enterprises . In 2015 , the Taj Mahal admitted to having willfully violated anti-money-laundering regulations for years and was fined $ 10 million . It was the highest penalty ever levied by the U.S. federal government against a casino . On August 3 , 2016 , it was announced that the Trump Taj Mahal would close after Labor Day , because of casino workers on strike . It was closed on October 10 , 2016 . On March 1 , 2017 , the Seminole Tribe of Florida through its Hard Rock International brand , and the Morris and Jingoli families , announced its purchase of the facility and conversion to the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino brand . It reopened on June 27 , 2018 , a day earlier than planned ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oregon_City,_Oregon", "text": "Oregon City is the county seat of Clackamas County , Oregon , United States , located on the Willamette River near the southern limits of the Portland metropolitan area . Established in 1829 by the Hudson 's Bay Company , in 1844 it became the first U.S. city west of the Rocky Mountains to be incorporated . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 31,859 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_World_Athletics_Championships_–_Men's_long_jump", "text": "The men 's long jump at the 2019 World Athletics Championships was held at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha from 27 to 28 September 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indiana_Central_Canal", "text": "The Indiana Central Canal was a canal intended to connect the Wabash and Erie Canal to the Ohio River . It was funded by the Mammoth Internal Improvement Act , Indiana 's attempt to take part in the canal-building craze , started by the Erie Canal . $ 3.5 million was allocated for the project , the largest piece of the entire $ 10 million Act . However , due to the Panic of 1837 , Indiana suffered financial difficulties and had to turn over the canal to the state 's creditors , and building of the canal was stopped in 1839 . The canal was supposed to extend 296 miles ( 476 km ) , from Peru , Indiana , to Evansville , Indiana , where it would reach the Ohio River . It was originally divided into two sections , North and South . Later , a third section was designated , called the Indianapolis section . Only eight miles were completed , with eighty additional miles between Anderson , Indiana , and Martinsville , Indiana , having been partially built ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Il_Mare", "text": "Il Mare ( Korean : 시월애 ; Hanja : 時越愛 ; RR : Siworae ; lit . time-transcending love ) is a 2000 South Korean film , starring Jun Ji-hyun and Lee Jung-jae , and directed by Lee Hyun-seung . The title , Il Mare , means The Sea in Italian , and is the name of the seaside house which is the setting of the story . The two protagonists both live there two years apart in time , but are able to communicate through a mysterious mailbox . The film was remade by Warner Brothers in 2006 as The Lake House starring Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock . The plot of the movie was also used in the 2015 Kannada movie Minchagi Nee Baralu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.S.D._Varesina", "text": "A.S.D . Varesina , also known as Varesina Calcio , is an Italian association football club located in Venegono Superiore , Lombardy . In Spring 2018 , it played in Serie D , the top level of the Italian non-professional football association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_James's_Gate_F.C.", "text": "St James 's Gate Football Club is an Irish association football club based in Drimnagh/Crumlin , Dublin . They played in the League of Ireland between 1921-22 and 1943-44 and again from 1990-91 until 1995-96 . Gate were the inaugural winners of both the League of Ireland and the FAI Cup . Like several fellow early League of Ireland clubs , such as Fordsons , Jacobs , Midland Athletic and Dundalk , Gate had their origins as a factory or works team . They were initially the football team of the St James 's Gate Brewery , the home of Guinness . Their senior men 's team currently play in the Leinster Senior League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Nationals", "text": "The Washington Nationals are an American professional baseball team based in Washington , D.C . The Nationals compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . From 2005 to 2007 , the team played in RFK Stadium while their permanent stadium was being built . In 2008 , they moved in to Nationals Park , located on South Capitol Street in the Southeast quadrant of D.C. , near the Anacostia River . The Nationals are the eighth major league franchise to be based in Washington , D.C. , and the first since 1971 . The current franchise was founded in 1969 as the Montreal Expos as part of the MLB expansion . After a failed contraction plan , the Expos were purchased by MLB , which sought to relocate the team to a new city . Washington , D.C. was chosen in 2004 , and the Nationals were established in 2005 as the first franchise relocation in MLB since the third Washington Senators moved to Texas in 1971 . While the team initially struggled after moving to Washington , the Nationals had considerable success throughout the 2010s . The team 's two overall first picks in the MLB draft , Stephen Strasburg in 2009 and Bryce Harper in 2010 , attracted new levels of attention to the team . They achieved their first playoff berth and first division title in 2012 , but were knocked out in the NLDS . They won the National League East again in 2014 , 2016 , and 2017 , but were eliminated in the NLDS each time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benjamin_Netanyahu", "text": "Benjamin Netanyahu ; born 21 October 1949 ) is an Israeli politician who has been Prime Minister of Israel since 2009 , having previously held the position from 1996 to 1999 . Netanyahu is also the Chairman of the Likud - National Liberal Movement . He is the longest-serving Prime Minister in Israeli history and the first to be born in Israel after the establishment of the state . Born in Tel Aviv to secular Jewish parents , Netanyahu was raised in both Jerusalem and the Philadelphia area of Pennsylvania , United States . He returned to Israel immediately upon graduating high school in 1967 to join the Israel Defense Forces shortly after the Six-Day War . Netanyahu became a team leader in the Sayeret Matkal special forces unit and took part in many missions , including Operation Inferno ( 1968 ) , Operation Gift ( 1968 ) and Operation Isotope ( 1972 ) , during which he was shot in the shoulder . Netanyahu fought on the front lines in the War of Attrition and the Yom Kippur War in 1973 , taking part in special forces raids along the Suez Canal and then leading a commando assault deep into Syrian territory . Netanyahu achieved the rank of captain before being discharged . After graduating from MIT with a Bachelor of Science ( SB ) and a Master of Science ( SM ) , Netanyahu became an economic consultant for the Boston Consulting Group . He moved back to Israel in 1978 to found the Yonatan Netanyahu Anti-Terror Institute , named after his brother Yonatan Netanyahu , who died leading Operation Entebbe . In 1984 , Netanyahu was appointed the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations by Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir , a role he held until 1988 . He was subsequently elected to the Knesset before becoming the leader of Likud in 1993 ; he then led the party to victory at the 1996 election , becoming Israel 's youngest-ever prime minister ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria_at_the_1976_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Austria was the host nation for the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck . It was the second time that Austria had hosted the Winter Games , after the 1964 Winter Olympics , also in Innsbruck ."}
{"title": "/wiki/College_of_the_Atlantic", "text": "College of the Atlantic ( COA ) is a private , liberal-arts college in Bar Harbor on Mount Desert Island , Maine , United States . Founded in 1969 , it awards bachelors and masters ( M.Phil . ) degrees solely in the field of human ecology , an interdisciplinary approach to learning . Focus areas include arts and design , environmental sciences , humanities , international studies , sustainable food systems , and socially responsible business . The college is small , with about 365 students , a full-time faculty of 35 , and 15 part-time faculty . Tenets of the pedagogy include field-based or applied learning ; small , seminar-style classes ; student-directed projects ; community involvement ; and interdisciplinary learning . It was the first college to be carbon neutral and one of the first to divest fossil fuel holdings from its endowment . The college appears on most of the top green school lists . The campus consists of 37 acres on Frenchman Bay , two organic farms , two off-shore island research stations , and a 100-acre protected area . The farms , Beech Hill Farm and Peggy Rockefeller Farms , are living laboratories for classes and student research . Peggy Rockefeller Farms includes livestock , crops , orchards . Beech Hill Farm provides produce ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GEM_(Australian_TV_channel)", "text": "9Gem is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel , launched by the Nine Network in September 2010 . It is a General Entertainment and Movies channel , the phrase from which the original name GEM is derived ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HTML", "text": "Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser . It can be assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) and scripting languages such as JavaScript . Web browsers receive HTML documents from a web server or from local storage and render the documents into multimedia web pages . HTML describes the structure of a web page semantically and originally included cues for the appearance of the document . HTML elements are the building blocks of HTML pages . With HTML constructs , images and other objects such as interactive forms may be embedded into the rendered page . HTML provides a means to create structured documents by denoting structural semantics for text such as headings , paragraphs , lists , links , quotes and other items . HTML elements are delineated by tags , written using angle brackets . Tags such as < img / > and < input / > directly introduce content into the page . Other tags such as < p > surround and provide information about document text and may include other tags as sub-elements . Browsers do not display the HTML tags , but use them to interpret the content of the page . HTML can embed programs written in a scripting language such as JavaScript , which affects the behavior and content of web pages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Selkirk", "text": "Fort Selkirk is a former trading post on the Yukon River at the confluence of the Pelly River in Canada 's Yukon . For many years it was home to the Selkirk First Nation ( Northern Tutchone ) . Archaeological evidence shows that the site has been in use for at least 8,000 years . Robert Campbell established a Hudson 's Bay Company trading post nearby in 1848 . In early 1852 he moved the post to its current location . Resenting the interference of the Hudson 's Bay Company with their traditional trade with interior Athabaskan First Nations , Chilkat Tlingit First Nation warriors attacked and looted the post that summer on Saturday , August 21 , 1852 . It was rebuilt about 40 years later and became an important supply point along the Yukon River . It was essentially abandoned by the mid-1950s after the Klondike Highway bypassed it and Yukon River traffic died down . At age 28 , under the command of Inspector John Douglas Moodie , Francis Joseph Fitzgerald was the first to chart an overland route from Edmonton to Fort Selkirk , Yukon via northern British Columbia and the Pelly River ( 1897 ) . The voyage took eleven months , having covered about 1,000 miles . As a result of this achievement , Fitzgerald was promoted corporal in 1899 . Many of the buildings have been restored and the Fort Selkirk Historic Site is owned and managed jointly by the Selkirk First Nation and the Yukon Government 's Department of Tourism and Culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean_Alesi", "text": "Jean Alesi ( born Giovanni Alesi ; 11 June 1964 ) is a French racing driver of Italian origin . His father , Franco , was a mechanic from Alcamo , Sicily , and his mother was from Riesi . After successes in the minor categories , notably winning the 1989 Formula 3000 Championship , his Formula One career included spells at Tyrrell , Benetton , Sauber , Prost , Jordan and Ferrari , where he proved very popular among the tifosi . During his spell at Ferrari from 1991 to 1995 , his aggressive driving style , combined with the use of the number 27 on his car , led some journalists , and the tifosi , to compare him to Gilles Villeneuve and he won the 1995 Canadian Grand Prix , but this proved to be the only win of his Formula One career . During his time in Formula One , Alesi was particularly good in the wet , and was a mercurial and passionate racer , whose emotions sometimes got the better of him . After leaving Formula One , from 2002 to 2006 Alesi raced in the DTM championship , winning some races , and his best result was a fifth place in the drivers ' championship . He raced in the Speedcar Series in 2008 and 2009 , and raced at Le Mans in 2010 . He raced in the Indianapolis 500 in 2012 and became the oldest professional driver to perform the rookie test for admission to the competition . For several years he was also a commentator for the Italian TV show Pole Position . In 2006 Alesi was awarded Chevalier de la Légion dhonneur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricky_Price", "text": "Ricky Earl Price ( born September 16 , 1987 ) is a former American football safety . He was signed by the Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2009 and played for the Chiefs in the 2009 and 2010 season . He played college football at Oklahoma State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Downtown_Indianapolis", "text": "Downtown Indianapolis is the central business district of Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . Downtown is the location of many corporate or regional headquarters ; city , county , state and federal government facilities ; several medical centers ; Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis ; sporting venues ; performing arts venues ; and most of Indianapolis ' tourist attractions . Downtown is sometimes called the Mile Square , referencing the city plat developed by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham at Indianapolis ' founding . Today , Downtown encompasses about 6.5 square miles ( 17 km2 ) , as designated by the City of Indianapolis ' Regional Center Plan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SSX_3", "text": "SSX 3 is a snowboard racing game developed by EA Canada and published under the EA Sports BIG brand . The game was initially released on October 20 , 2003 for the GameCube , PlayStation 2 , and Xbox . It was later ported to the Game Boy Advance by Visual Impact on November 11 , 2003 and to the Gizmondo by Exient Entertainment on August 31 , 2005 as a launch title . It is the third installment in the SSX series . On 17th April 2018 it was made playable on Xbox one systems via backwards compatibility . Set on a fictional mountain , the single-player mode follows snowboarders competing in the SSX Championship . Players choose from a variety of characters and take part in various events in different locations , earning points and money by performing tricks , winning races , completing goals and finding collectables . Money can be used to upgrade character attributes , buy new clothes and boards , and unlock music and extras . Multiple players can play against each other in local multiplayer modes , and an online multiplayer mode also allowed players to connect to games and play against each other online on the PlayStation 2 version of the game , but has since been discontinued . Development of SSX 3 initially began in 2001 following the release of the previous title in the series , SSX Tricky . The development team was composed of people from various different employment backgrounds , including an Oscar-nominated visual effects designer who worked as one of the game 's art directors . The game includes 30 different types of snow and general visual improvements over the previous game , such as enhanced models and shadows ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Big_Salad", "text": "The Big Salad is the 88th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld . This was the second episode for the sixth season . It aired on September 29 , 1994 . In this episode , George becomes irritated when he does n't receive thanks for buying Elaine a salad , Elaine must deal with an annoying store clerk in order to get her boss a rare top-of-the-line pencil , Kramer fears he may be partially responsible for the murder of a dry cleaner , and Jerry comes to suspect there is something wrong with his girlfriend when he learns she was dumped by Newman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frozen_(2013_film)", "text": "Frozen is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . The 53rd Disney animated feature film , it is inspired by Hans Christian Andersen 's fairy tale The Snow Queen . It tells the story of a fearless princess who sets off on a journey alongside a rugged iceman , his loyal reindeer , and a naive snowman to find her estranged sister , whose icy powers have inadvertently trapped their kingdom in eternal winter . Frozen underwent several story treatments before being commissioned in 2011 , with a screenplay written by Jennifer Lee , who also co-directed with Chris Buck . The film features the voices of Kristen Bell , Idina Menzel , Jonathan Groff , Josh Gad , and Santino Fontana . Christophe Beck was hired to compose the film 's orchestral score , while Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez wrote the songs . Frozen premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood , California , on November 19 , 2013 , had a limited release on November 22 and went into general theatrical release on November 27 . It was met with praise for its visuals , screenplay , themes , music , and voice acting ; some film critics consider Frozen to be the best Disney animated feature film since the studio 's renaissance era . The film also achieved significant commercial success , earning $ 1.280 billion in worldwide box office revenue , including $ 400 million in the United States and Canada and $ 247 million in Japan . It went on to surpass Toy Story 3 ( which was also distributed by Disney ) as the highest-grossing animated film at the time as well as the highest grossing musical film before being surpassed by the remake of The Lion King in 2019 ; it also ranks as the 16th highest-grossing film of all time , the highest-grossing film of 2013 , and the third highest-grossing film in Japan . It was also the highest-earning film with a female director in terms of US earnings , until surpassed by Warner Bros. Pictures ' Wonder Woman . With over 18 million home media sales in 2014 , it entered the list of best-selling films in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Henry_Johnson", "text": "John Henry Johnson ( November 24 , 1929 - June 3 , 2011 ) was a gridiron football running back known for his excellence at the fullback position as both a runner and a blocker . His first professional stint was in Canada in the Western Interprovincial Football Union ( WIFU , a forerunner league to today 's Canadian Football League ) for one season with the Calgary Stampeders . He then played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the San Francisco 49ers , Detroit Lions , and Pittsburgh Steelers before spending his final season in the American Football League ( AFL ) with the Houston Oilers . Commonly referred to as simply John Henry , an allusion to the folk hero of the same name , Johnson was a tough and tenacious player who performed at a high level well into the tail end of his career . After playing college football for St. Mary 's College of California and Arizona State , Johnson was selected in the second round of the 1953 NFL Draft by the Steelers , the 18th overall pick . He instead played one season of Canadian football for the Stampeders , in which he won the Jeff Nicklin Memorial Trophy as the league 's most valuable player . He then signed with the 49ers , and played left halfback in San Francisco 's famed Million Dollar Backfield . He was traded to Detroit in 1957 , and became the team 's leading rusher en route to that year 's NFL championship , their most recent . His abilities seemingly in decline , Johnson was traded to Pittsburgh in 1960 , where he had the most productive years of his career , recording two 1,000-yard rushing seasons . He remains the oldest player to record a 1,000-yard rushing season as well as the oldest to rush for 200 or more yards in a game , each at age 34 . A four-time Pro Bowl selection , Johnson ranked third on the NFL 's all-time rushing yards list when he retired , but was best remembered by his peers for the mark he left with his blocking . He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrei_Lipanov", "text": "Professional skaters from the British television show Dancing on Ice are figure skaters who appear with celebrities in front of a panel of judges . Most of the professionals on the series are former ice dancers or pair skaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heart_(Elisa_album)", "text": "Heart is the seventh studio album from Italian singer-songwriter Elisa . It was released on 13 November 2009 in Italy . It has been described as a rock album , with alt-rock and electronic influences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franco-British_Exhibition_(1908)", "text": "The Franco-British Exhibition was a large public fair held in London between 14 May and 31 October 1908 . The exhibition attracted 8 million visitors and celebrated the Entente Cordiale signed in 1904 by the United Kingdom and France . The chief architect of the buildings was John Belcher . The Exhibition was held in an area of west London near Shepherd 's Bush which is now called White City : the area acquired its name from the exhibition buildings which were all painted white . The 1908 Summer Olympics fencing events were held in the district alongside the festivities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1983–84_NHL_season", "text": "The 1983-84 NHL season was the 67th season of the National Hockey League . The Edmonton Oilers de-throned the four-time defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders four games to one in the Cup finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Williamstown,_Victoria", "text": "Williamstown is a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) south-west of Melbourne 's central business district in the local government area of the City of Hobsons Bay , Williamstown is also the main town where the Australian television program Blue Heelers was filmed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandra_Farmand", "text": "Sandra Farmand ( born 13 September 1969 ) is a German snowboarder . She was born in Tönisvorst in North Rhine-Westphalia . She competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics , in giant slalom and halfpipe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emmy_Award", "text": "An Emmy Award , or simply Emmy , is an American award that recognizes excellence in the television industry . It is presented at numerous annual events held throughout the calendar year , each honoring one of the various sectors of the television industry . The two ceremonies that receive the most media coverage are the Primetime Emmy Awards and the Daytime Emmy Awards , which recognize outstanding work in American primetime and daytime entertainment programming , respectively . Other notable Emmy events include those honoring national sports programming , national news and documentary shows , and technological and engineering achievements in television , including the Primetime Engineering Emmy Awards . Regional Emmy Awards are also presented throughout the country at various times through the year , recognizing excellence in local and statewide television . In addition , the International Emmy Awards honor excellence in TV programming produced and initially aired outside the United States . The Emmy is named after immy , an informal term for the image orthicon tube that was common in early television cameras . The statuette depicts a winged woman holding an atom . The Emmy is considered one of the four major American entertainment awards , the others being the Grammy ( for music ) , the Oscar ( for film ) , and the Tony ( for theater ) . Three related , but separate , organizations present the Emmy Award : the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ( ATAS ) , the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ( NATAS ) , and the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ( IATAS ) . The ATAS first awarded the Emmy in 1949 to honor shows produced in the Los Angeles area before it became a national event in the 1950s to honor programs aired nationwide . Over the next two decades , the ATAS , the NATAS , and the IATAS expanded the award to honor other areas of the TV industry , with each organization responsible for administering a particular set of Emmy competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Secret_Garden_(musical)", "text": "The Secret Garden is a musical based on the 1911 novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett . The musical 's script and lyrics are by Marsha Norman , with music by Lucy Simon . It premiered on Broadway in 1991 and ran for 709 performances . The story is set in the early years of the 20th century . [ n 1 ] Mary Lennox , a young English girl born and raised in the British Raj , is orphaned by a cholera outbreak when she is ten years old . She is sent away from India to Yorkshire , England , to live with relatives whom she has never met . Her own personality blossoms as she and a young gardener bring new life to a neglected garden , as well as to her sickly cousin and uncle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DTV_transition_in_the_United_States", "text": "The digital transition in the United States was the switchover from analog to exclusively digital broadcasting of terrestrial television television programming . According to David Rehr , then president and CEO of the National Association of Broadcasters , this transition represented the most significant advancement of television technology since color TV was introduced . For full-power TV stations , the transition went into effect on June 12 , 2009 , with stations ending regular programming on their analog signals no later than 11:59 p.m. local time that day . Under the Digital Transition and Public Safety Act of 2005 , full-power broadcasting of analog television in the United States was initially planned to have ceased after February 17 , 2009 . To help U.S. consumers through the conversion , the Act also established a federally sponsored DTV Converter Box Coupon Program . The DTV Delay Act changed the mandatory analog cutoff date to June 12 , although stations were permitted to cease analog transmissions before the new mandatory cutoff date . The legislation was enacted on February 4 , 2009 , and on February 11 , 2009 , President Barack Obama signed it into law . The purpose of the extension was to help the millions of households who had not been able to get their coupons for converters because demand for coupons exceeded the funding provided for in the initial bill , leaving millions on a waiting list to receive coupons . Funding for extra coupons was provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 . By midnight on the original cut-off date of February 17 , 2009 , 641 stations representing 36 percent of U.S. full-power broadcasters were transmitting exclusively in digital . Analog broadcasting did not cease entirely following the June 12 deadline : under the provisions of the Short-term Analog Flash and Emergency Readiness Act , approximately 120 full-power stations briefly maintained analog nightlight service , ending no later than July 12 . In a separate category , low power television stations were permitted to continue analog broadcasts for several more years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keith_Rothfus", "text": "Keith James Rothfus /ˈrɒθfəs/ ( born April 25 , 1962 ) is an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Pennsylvania 's 12th congressional district from 2013 to 2019 . He succeeded Democratic Representative Mark Critz , whom he defeated in the 2012 election . Prior to serving in Congress , he worked as an attorney . After new congressional district maps were released by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court in February 2018 , Rothfus became a candidate in Pennsylvania 's 17th congressional district , where he was defeated for re-election by the incumbent from the 18th district , Democrat Conor Lamb ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selangor_FA", "text": "Football Association of Selangor ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor ) , commonly referred to as FA Selangor is a Malaysian professional football club based in the city of Shah Alam and competes in the Malaysia Super League , the top division of Malaysian football . Founded in 1936 as Football Association of Selangor ( FAS ) and the association start build its football development by forming the professional football team and known as FA Selangor . It currently plays their home games in the 80,372-capacity Shah Alam Stadium . Selangor is the most successful club in Malaysia , in terms of overall titles won . Domestically , Selangor have won a record 6 times Malaysia top division league champion which include 2 Super League titles that currently plays , 5 FA Cups champion , 33 Malaysia Cups champion and 8 Charity Cups titles . Beside that , Selangor also have won 2 times Premier League titles and between 1953 to 1973 , 7 FAM Cups titles where FAM Cup as a secondary knockout competition between teams only after Malaysia Cup . Selangor also the first club to qualified and enter the highest Asian continental tournament , Asian Club Championship and becoming the runner-up in 1967 , the first edition of the Asian top-flight continental club tournament , which is later branded as the AFC Champions League in 2002 . In a season of 1997 , 2005 and 2009 were the most successful years for Selangor . In 1997 season , the club won three trophies FA Cup , Malaysia Cup and Charity Cup and runner-up for the Agong 's Cup under the coach Steve Wicks . In 2005 season , the team won three trophies Premier League , FA Cup and Malaysia Cup under the coaching of Dollah Salleh while in 2009 season , the head coach , K. Devan leads the team winning three trophies Super League , FA Cup and Charity Cup . This is the first domestic doubles for the history of the club . Among those who are responsible for the success of Selangor are the presidents : Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj , Harun Idris , Mohd ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loan_(sports)", "text": "In sports , a loan involves a particular player being able to temporarily play for a club other than the one which they 're currently contracted to . Loan deals may last from a few weeks to a full season , sometimes persisting for multiple seasons at a time . Players may be loaned out to other clubs for several reasons . Most commonly , young prospects will be loaned to a club in a lower league in order to gain valuable first team experience . In this instance , the parent club may continue to pay the player 's wages in full or in part . Some clubs put a formal arrangement in place with a feeder club for this purpose , such as Manchester United and Royal Antwerp , Arsenal and Beveren , or Chelsea and Vitesse . In other leagues such as Italy 's Serie A , some smaller clubs have a reputation as a farm club and regularly take players , especially younger players , on loan from larger clubs . A club may take a player on loan if they are short on transfer funds but can still pay wages , or as temporary cover for injuries or suspensions . The parent club might demand a fee or that the loaning club pays some or all of the player 's wages during the loan period . A club might seek to loan out a squad player to make a saving on his wages , or a first team player to regain match fitness following an injury . A loan may be made to get around a transfer window . Such a loan might include an agreed fee for a permanent transfer when the next transfer window opens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sport_Huancayo", "text": "Club Sport Huancayo is a Peruvian football club located in the city of Huancayo , Junín . The club was founded on February 7 , 2007 under the name Huancaína Sport Club . After winning the 2008 Copa Perú , they were promoted to the top tier of Peruvian football for the 2009 Torneo Descentralizado season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_de_la_Mosson", "text": "Stade de la Mosson ( French pronunciation : ​ [ stad də la mɔˈsɔ̃ ] ) is a football stadium in Montpellier , France . It is the home of Montpellier HSC ( Ligue 1 ) and has a capacity of 32,900 . Formerly a 16,000-seater stadium , it was entirely rebuilt in 1998 to host 6 games of the 1998 FIFA World Cup . It was also used as a venue for group stage matches in the 2007 Rugby World Cup and was one of nine venues used in the 2019 FIFA Women 's World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hulcote,_Bedfordshire", "text": "Hulcote is a small village located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire , England . Historically part of the Manshead hundred , some evidence has been found indicating possible Neolithic , New Stone Age and Roman settlement in the area . However , it is known that Hulcote has been consistently occupied since the Dark Ages . The ecclesiastical parishes of Hulcote and Salford were united in 1750 . The Hulcote and Salford civil parish was formed in 1933 . Today , Hulcote is located directly to the north of the M1 motorway , close to the border of the Milton Keynes Borough in Buckinghamshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottish_Football_Association", "text": "The Scottish Football Association ( also known as the SFA and the Scottish FA ; Scottish Gaelic : Comann Ball-coise na h-Alba ; Scots : Scots Fitbaw Association ) is the governing body of football in Scotland and has the ultimate responsibility for the control and development of football in Scotland . Members of the SFA include clubs in Scotland , affiliated national associations as well as local associations . It was formed in 1873 , making it the second oldest national football association in the world . It is not to be confused with the Scottish Football Union , which is the name that the SRU was known by until the 1920s . The Scottish Football Association sits on the International Football Association Board which is responsible for the laws of the game . The SFA is also a member of FIFA and founder member of UEFA . It is based at Hampden Park in Glasgow . In addition , the Scottish Football Museum is located there . The Scottish Football Association is responsible for the operation of the Scotland national football team , the annual Scottish Cup and several other duties important to the functioning of the game in Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryhall", "text": "Ryhall is a village and civil parish in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England . It is situated close to the eastern boundary of the county , about 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of Stamford . The parish includes the hamlet of Belmesthorpe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/England", "text": "England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Wales to the west and Scotland to the north . The Irish Sea lies west of England and the Celtic Sea to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain , which lies in the North Atlantic , and includes over 100 smaller islands , such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight . It is the largest country of British Isles . The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula , who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law - the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world - developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . England 's terrain is chiefly low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there is upland and mountainous terrain in the north ( for example , the Lake District and Pennines ) and in the west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Shropshire Hills ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aberdeen_North_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Aberdeen North is a burgh constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and it elects one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election . It was first used in the 1885 general election , but has undergone various boundary changes since that date . There was also an Aberdeen North Holyrood constituency , a constituency of the Scottish Parliament , created in 1999 with the boundaries of the Westminster constituency of at that time . It was abolished in 2011 by the new constituencies of Aberdeen Donside and Aberdeen Central ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2019", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2019 , honouring Canadian music achievements , were presented in London , Ontario during the weekend of 16-17 March 2019 . The primary telecast ceremonies were held at Budweiser Gardens , preceded by numerous Juno Week events from 11 March . This was the first time the Juno Awards were hosted in London . The award ceremony was hosted by Sarah McLachlan . Shawn Mendes won five awards , the most at the ceremonies , including Artist of the Year , Album of the Year , and Single of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warren_Buffett", "text": "Warren Edward Buffett ( /ˈbʌfɪt/ ; born August 30 , 1930 ) is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist , who is the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway . He is considered one of the most successful investors in the world and has a net worth of US $ 88.9 billion as of December 2019 , making him the fourth-wealthiest person in the world . Buffett was born in Omaha , Nebraska . He developed an interest in business and investing in his youth , eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from the University of Nebraska at the age of 19 . He went on to graduate from Columbia Business School , where he molded his investment philosophy around the concept of value investing that was pioneered by Benjamin Graham . He attended New York Institute of Finance to focus his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships , including one with Graham . He created Buffett Partnership , Ltd in 1956 and his firm eventually acquired a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway , assuming its name to create a diversified holding company . In 1978 , Charlie Munger joined Buffett and became vice chairman of the company . Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970 . He has been referred to as the Oracle or Sage of Omaha by global media outlets . He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth . Research published at the University of Oxford characterizes Buffett 's investment methodology as falling within founder centrism - defined by a deference to managers with a founder 's mindset , an ethical disposition towards the shareholder collective , and an intense focus on exponential value creation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heavy_Metal_(wrestler)", "text": "Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz ( born October 4 , 1970 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for AAA . He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family ; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monmouthshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Monmouthshire was a county constituency of the House of Commons of Parliament of England from 1536 until 1707 , of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1801 , and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1885 . It elected two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) . In 1885 the Monmouthshire constituency was divided to create North Monmouthshire , South Monmouthshire and West Monmouthshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zlatko_Portner", "text": "Zlatko Portner ( born 16 January 1962 in Ruma ) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics . During his successful career he played for RK Metaloplastika and FC Barcelona Handbol . In 1988 he was part of the Yugoslav team which won the bronze medal . He played all six matches and scored 31 goals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Navy_aircraft_wings", "text": "This is a list of United States Navy aircraft wings . The U.S. Navy operates different types of aircraft wings . Carrier air wings are operational units made up of squadrons of different types of aircraft and which deploy aboard aircraft carriers . Type Wings are wings of a single type/model or type/model/series aircraft which do not deploy , they are force providers providing combat ready squadrons to deploying Carrier Air Wings and to other Navy or joint forces . Functional wings are wings which perform type wing functions but in addition to those functions they are also responsible for executing operational tasking of their subordinate squadrons . Lastly , the Navy operates Training Air Wings which train Navy , Marine Corps and Coast Guard Student Naval Aviators and Student Naval Flight Officers qualifying them as Naval Aviators and Naval Flight Officers . All Navy aircraft wings are commanded by an officer holding the rank of Captain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_African_Legislative_Assembly", "text": "The East African Legislative Assembly ( EALA ) is a sub-organ of the larger East African Community , being the legislative arm of the Community . Members are sworn into five-year terms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastwick_(TV_series)", "text": "Eastwick is an American fantasy comedy-drama television series based on John Updike 's novel The Witches of Eastwick which aired on ABC from September 23 until December 30 , 2009 . The series was developed by Maggie Friedman , and starred Paul Gross as the infamous Darryl Van Horne , alongside Jaime Ray Newman , Lindsay Price , and Rebecca Romijn as the eponymous witches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pauls_Valley,_Oklahoma", "text": "Pauls Valley is a city in and the county seat of Garvin County , Oklahoma , United States . The population was 6,187 at the 2010 census , a decline of 1.1 percent from 6,256 at the 2000 census . It was settled by and named for Smith Paul , a North Carolina native who married a Chickasaw woman and became a citizen of the Chickasaw Nation before the Civil War . The town economy is largely based on agriculture and oil production ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keith_Ashfield", "text": "Keith John Ashfield , PC ( March 28 , 1952 - April 22 , 2018 ) was a Canadian politician . He served as the MP for the electoral district of Fredericton from 2008 to 2015 , and before that was a member of the New Brunswick Legislature from 1999 to 2008 . He served in the federal cabinet in various capacities from 2008 to 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Langley,_British_Columbia_(district_municipality)", "text": "The Township of Langley is a district municipality immediately east of the City of Surrey in southwestern British Columbia , Canada . It extends south from the Fraser River to the U.S. border , and west of the City of Abbotsford . Langley Township is not to be confused with the City of Langley , which is adjacent to the township but politically is a separate entity . Langley is located in the eastern part of Metro Vancouver ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guest_in_the_House", "text": "Guest in the House ( re-release title Satan in Skirts ) is a 1944 American film noir directed by John Brahm starring Anne Baxter and Ralph Bellamy . Lewis Milestone began directing the film in April 1944 , but was stricken with appendicitis in May 1944 and collapsed on the set . John Brahm then stepped in to direct ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WBBE", "text": "WBBE ( 97.9 FM , 97.9 Bob FM ) is an Adult Hits hybrid radio station licensed to Heyworth , Illinois , and residing in the Bloomington-Normal , Illinois , market . It is owned and operated by Elizabeth Neuhoff 's Neuhoff Corp. , through licensee Neuhoff Media Bloomington , LLC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doug_Watkins", "text": "Douglas Watkins ( March 2 , 1934 - February 5 , 1962 ) was an American jazz double bassist . He was best known for being an accompanist to various hard bop artists in the Detroit area , including Donald Byrd and Jackie McLean ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1960_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1960 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad ( Italian : Giochi della XVII Olimpiade ) , was an international multi-sport event that was held from August 25 to September 11 , 1960 , in Rome , Italy . The city of Rome had previously been awarded the administration of the 1908 Summer Olympics , but following the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 1906 , Rome had no choice but to decline and pass the honour to London . The Soviet Union won the most gold and overall medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gunder_Hägg", "text": "Gunder Hägg ( 31 December 1918 - 27 November 2004 ) was a Swedish runner and multiple world record breaker of the 1940s . He set over a dozen middle distance world records at events ranging from 1500 to 5000 meters , including three at both the 1500 meters and the mile , one at 3000 meters and one at 5000 meters . Hägg and fellow Swede , Arne Andersson , lowered the record for the mile to just over four minutes ( 4:01.4 ) - accelerating the progression of the world record in the mile run . Both athletes set three world records for the mile . Hägg first set the record in July 1942 at 4:06.2 , a time which was equalled by Anderson later the same month . This record was broken by Hägg ( 4:04.6 ) in September the same year . Andersson recaptured the world record in July 1943 ( 4:02.6 ) , and improved it further in July 1944 ( 4:01.6 ) . However , Hägg had the last word when he ran 4:01.4 in Malmö in 1945 ( Hägg 's record was not broken until Roger Bannister ran the first sub-4 mile in Oxford in 1954 ) . Hägg was also the first man to run a sub-14 minute 5000m . In 1946 , Gunder Hägg was branded a professional because he received payments for running . He was therefore barred from competition , together with Arne Andersson and Henry Jonsson . Four years earlier , he earned the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Agra", "text": "Agra ( /ˈɑːɡrə/ ( listen ) ) is a city on the banks of the Yamuna river in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh . It is 206 kilometres ( 128 mi ) south of the national capital New Delhi . Agra is the fourth-most populous city in Uttar Pradesh and 24th in India . Agra is a major tourist destination because of its many Mughal-era buildings , most notably the Taj Mahal , Agra Fort and Fatehpur Sikri , all of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites . Agra is included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit , along with Delhi and Jaipur ; and the Uttar Pradesh Heritage Arc , a tourist circuit of Uttar Pradesh , along with Lucknow and Varanasi . Agra is in the Braj cultural region . The history of Agra before the Delhi Sultanate is unclear . A 17th century chronicle called the Agra before Sikandar Lodī 's time ( 1488-1517 ) as an old settlement which was merely a village , owing to its destruction by Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni . The 11th-century Persian poet Mas'ūd Sa 'd Salmān writes of an assault on the fortress of Agra , then held by King Jaypal , by Mahmud of Ghazni . Despite his surrender , Mahmud sacked the place . It was mentioned for the first time in 1080 AD when a Ghaznavide force captured it . Sikandar was the first sultan to move his capital from Delhi to Agra in 1504 , its administration having previously been under Bayana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_Zuiderduin_Masters", "text": "The 2013 Zuiderduin Masters was a BDO/WDF darts tournament that took place in Egmond aan Zee , Netherlands . Stephen Bunting won the tournament for the first time beating Alan Norris in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Butler_County,_Missouri", "text": "Butler County is a county located in the southeast Ozark Foothills Region in the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 Census , the county 's population was 42,794 . The largest city and county seat is Poplar Bluff . The county was officially organized from Wayne County on February 27 , 1849 , and is named after former U.S. Representative William O. Butler ( D-Kentucky ) , who was also an unsuccessful candidate for Vice President of the United States . The first meeting in the Butler County Courthouse was held on June 18 , 1849 . Butler County comprises the Poplar Bluff , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_C._Broderick", "text": "David Colbreth Broderick ( February 4 , 1820 - September 16 , 1859 ) was an attorney and politician , elected by the legislature as Democratic U.S . Senator from California . Born in Washington , DC , to Irish immigrant parents , he lived in New York until moving to California during the Gold Rush . He was a first cousin of politicians Andrew Kennedy of Indiana and Case Broderick of Kansas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Ben_Kinsella", "text": "Ben Michael Kinsella ( 27 October 1991 - 29 June 2008 ) was a 16-year-old student at Holloway School who was stabbed to death by three men in June 2008 in Islington . The significant media attention around his murder ( the 17th stabbing death of a teenager in London during 2008 ) led to a series of anti-knife crime demonstrations , a raised profile for the government 's anti-knife crime maxim Operation Blunt 2 and a review of UK knife crime sentencing laws ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eger_Eyalet", "text": "Eğri Eyalet ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت اگیر ; Eyālet-i Egīr , Hungarian : Egri ejálet , Serbian : Jegarski ejalet or Јегарски ејалет ) or Pashaluk of Eğri was an administrative territorial entity of the Ottoman Empire formed in 1596 with its capital at Eğri ( Hungarian : Eger ) . It included parts of present-day Hungary , Slovakia and Serbia . The population of the province was ethnically and religiously diverse and included Slovaks and Hungarians ( living mainly in the north ) , Serbs ( living mainly in the south ) , and Muslims of various ethnic origins ( living mainly in the cities ) . Other ethnic communities included Jews and Romani ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bharatiya_Vidya_Bhavan_Educational_Trust", "text": "Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan is an Indian educational trust . It was founded on 7 November 1938 by Dr. K. M. Munshi , with the support of Mahatma Gandhi . The trust programmes through its 119 centres in India , 7 centres abroad and 367 constituent institutions , cover all aspects of life from the cradle to the grave and beyond - it fills a growing vacuum in modern life , as Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru observed when he first visited the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lee_Yoon-ki", "text": "Lee Yoon-ki ( Korean : 이윤기 ; born 1965 ) , is a South Korean film director and screenwriter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morgantown_Generating_Station", "text": "The Morgantown Generating Station is a 1,477 MW electric generating plant owned by GenOn Holdings LLC. , located in the unincorporated town of Newburg , Maryland , near Morgantown , on the Potomac River . The station was built in 1970 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/V_Corps_(German_Empire)", "text": "The V Army Corps / V AK ( German : V. Armee-Korps ) was a corps level command of the Prussian and then the Imperial German Armies from the 19th century to World War I . Originating in 1815 as the General Command for the Grand Duchy of Posen ( later called the Province of Posen ) with headquarters in Posen . Its catchment area included the Regierungsbezirk ( administrative district ) Posen and Regierungsbezirk Liegnitz from the Province of Silesia . The Corps served in the Austro-Prussian War . During the Franco-Prussian War it was assigned to the 3rd Army . In peacetime the Corps was assigned to the VIII Army Inspectorate but joined the 5th Army at the start of the First World War . It was still in existence at the end of the war in Armee-Abteilung C , Heeresgruppe Gallwitz on the Western Front . The Corps was disbanded with the demobilisation of the German Army after World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eneda_Tarifa", "text": "Eneda Tarifa ( born 30 March 1982 ) , is an Albanian singer , actress and television host . She represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 with the song Fairytale , after winning Festivali i Këngës 54 with the Albanian language version of the song , Përrallë . She previously participated in Festivali i Këngës in 2003 and 2007 , and won Top Fest in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Dagenham", "text": "Ford Dagenham is a major automotive factory located in Dagenham , London , operated by the Ford of Britain subsidiary of Ford Motor Company . The plant opened in 1931 and has produced 10,980,368 cars and more than 39,000,000 engines in its history . It covers around 475 acres and has received over £800 million of capital investment since 2000 . Vehicle assembly ceased at the plant in 2002 , but it continues as a major production site with capacity to assemble 1.4 million engines a year . In 2008 , the plant produced around 1,050,000 engines and was the largest producer of Ford diesel engines globally . It was announced in October 2012 that the stamping plant at Dagenham would close in summer 2013 with the loss of 1,000 jobs . Employment at the plant peaked at around 40,000 workers in 1953 . Following specialisation to engines it employs around 2000 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1986_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1986 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 9 , after the conclusion of the 1985-86 NHL season . The playoffs concluded on May 24 with the champion Montreal Canadiens defeating the Calgary Flames 4-1 to win the series four games to one and win the Stanley Cup . This was the last time to date that all active Canadian teams have qualified in the same season . It is also the second time that all seven active teams at the time qualified , the first occurring three years earlier . The playoffs of 1986 saw three first place teams eliminated in the opening round and the fourth , Edmonton , bowed out in the second . This would be the last time that all six Sutter brothers would participate in the playoffs in the same year . The Montreal Canadiens decided to go with a rookie goaltender by the name of Patrick Roy . This decision proved to be a good one just like when the Canadiens rode rookie goalie Ken Dryden to a Stanley Cup championship in 1971 . In the Final , the Canadiens beat the Calgary Flames , who were also riding a rookie netminder , Mike Vernon . Patrick Roy won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the playoff MVP and had a sparkling 1.92 goals against average along with 15 wins . St. Louis forwards Doug Gilmour and Bernie Federko led the playoffs in scoring with 21 points despite missing the finals ; this feat was not repeated until 1999 . The 1986 playoffs marked the first time that all four former WHA teams made the playoffs in the same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey_General_Assembly", "text": "The New Jersey General Assembly is the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature . Since the election of 1967 ( 1968 Session ) , the Assembly has consisted of 80 members . Two members are elected from each of New Jersey 's 40 legislative districts for a term of two years , each representing districts with average populations of 210,359 ( 2000 figures ) . To be eligible to run , a potential candidate must be at least 21 years of age , and must have lived in their district for at least one year prior to the election , and have lived in the state of New Jersey for two years . They also must be residents of their districts . Membership in the Assembly is considered a part-time job , and many members have employment in addition to their legislative work . Assembly members serve two-year terms , elected every odd-numbered year in November . Several members of the Assembly hold other elective office , as they are grandfathered in under a New Jersey law that banned multiple office holding in 2007 . The Assembly is led by the Speaker of the Assembly , who is elected by the membership of the chamber . After the Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey and the President of the New Jersey Senate , the Speaker of the Assembly is third in the line of succession to replace the Governor of New Jersey in the event that he or she is unable to execute the duties of that office . The Speaker decides the schedule for the Assembly , which bills will be considered , appoints committee chairmen , and generally runs the Assembly 's agenda . The current Speaker is Craig Coughlin ( D-Woodbridge ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bendigo_Football_League", "text": "The Bendigo Football Netball League is an Australian rules football and netball competition based in the Bendigo region of Victoria . Formed in 1880 , it is one of the oldest football leagues in Australia , and among its members are some of the oldest football clubs in Australia , including the Castlemaine Football Club , acknowledged as the second oldest football club in Australia and one of the oldest in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scissor_Sisters", "text": "Scissor Sisters is an American pop/rock band formed in 2001 . Forged in the gay nightlife scene of New York , the band took its name from the female same-sex sexual activity tribadism . Its members include Jake Shears and Ana Matronic as vocalists , Babydaddy as multi-instrumentalist , Del Marquis as lead guitar/bassist , and Randy Real ( who replaced Paddy Boom ) as drummer . Scissor Sisters incorporates diverse and eclectic styles in their music , but tends to sway towards pop rock , glam rock , nu-disco , and electroclash . The band came to prominence following the release of their Grammy-nominated and chart-topping disco version of Comfortably Numb and subsequent debut album Scissor Sisters ( 2004 ) . The album was a success , particularly in the UK where it reached number one , was the best-selling album of 2004 , was later certified platinum by the BPI , and earned them three BRIT Awards in 2005 . All five of its singles reached positions within the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart while Filthy/Gorgeous scored the band their first number one on Billboard 's Hot Dance Club Songs , despite the album 's meager success in their native US . The album continued its success in countries around Europe , in Australia and in Canada before the release of the band 's second studio album Ta-Dah ( 2006 ) , their second consecutive UK number one album which produced their first UK number one single I Do n't Feel Like Dancin ' . Their third studio album Night Work ( 2010 ) displayed a shift towards a more club-oriented sound , charting at number two on the UK Albums Chart , number one on Billboard 's Top Independent Albums chart and in the top 10 of several international territories . The band released their fourth studio album Magic Hour in May 2012 . Scissor Sisters has performed around the world and have become recognized for their controversial and transgressive live performances . They also collaborated with a number of other well-known pop musicians , including Elton John and Kylie Minogue ; these particular collaborations have been received positively by both critics and other notable figures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honolulu", "text": "Honolulu ( /ˌhɒnəˈluːluː/ ; Hawaiian : [ honoˈlulu ] ) is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Hawaii . It is an unincorporated part of and the county seat of the City and County of Honolulu along the southeast coast of the island of Oʻahu . [ a ] The city is the main gateway to Hawaiʻi and a major portal into the United States . The city is also a major hub for international business and military defense , as well as being host to a diverse variety of east-west and Pacific cultures , cuisine , and traditions . Honolulu is the remotest city of its size in the world , and is the westernmost and southernmost major U.S. city . For statistical purposes , the United States Census Bureau recognizes the approximate area commonly referred to as City of Honolulu ( not to be confused with the City and County ) as a census county division ( CCD ) . Honolulu is a major financial center of the islands and of the Pacific Ocean . The population of the Honolulu census designated place ( CDP ) was 359,870 as of the 2017 population estimate , while the Honolulu CCD was 390,738 and the population of the consolidated city and county was 953,207 . Honolulu means sheltered harbor or calm port in Hawaiian . The old name is Kou , a district roughly encompassing the area from Nuʻuanu Avenue to Alakea Street and from Hotel Street to Queen Street which is the heart of the present downtown district . The city has been the capital of the Hawaiian Islands since 1845 and gained historical recognition following the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan near the city on December 7 , 1941 . As of 2015 [ update ] , Honolulu was ranked high on world livability rankings , and was also ranked as the 2nd safest city in the U.S ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1989–90_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1989-90 Iraqi National League was the 16th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Al-Tayaran ( now known as Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya ) achieved a long-awaited second Premier League title , their first since the 1974-75 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Street_Fighter_II:_The_World_Warrior", "text": "Street Fighter II : The World Warrior [ a ] is a competitive fighting game developed by Capcom and originally released for arcade systems in 1991 . It is the second installment in the Street Fighter series and the sequel to Street Fighter , released in 1987 . It is Capcom 's fourteenth title to use the CP System arcade system board . Street Fighter II improved many of the concepts introduced in the first game , including the use of special command-based moves and a six-button configuration , while offering players a wider selection of playable characters , each with their own fighting style , and introducing the combo system . Street Fighter II became the best-selling title since the golden age of arcade gaming . By 1993 , two years after its launch , sales were over $ 1.5 billion in gross revenue , and by 1994 , the game had been played by over 25 million people in the United States at home and in arcades . In 1995 , total sales of Street Fighter II and Street Fighter II : Championship Edition machines exceeded $ 2.312 billion . Adjusted for inflation , it is estimated that all versions of Street Fighter II exceed $ 10 billion in revenue , making it one of the highest-grossing video games of all time . In particular , the SNES version sold over 6.3 million copies , making it Capcom 's bestselling game for the next two decades and their bestselling game on a single platform . Due to its success , a series of updated versions offering additional features and characters has been released . Street Fighter II is regarded as one of the best video games of all time , and in particular the most important and influential fighting game made . Its launch is seen as a revolutionary moment within its genre ; it is credited with popularizing the fighting genre during the 1990s , inspiring other producers to create their own fighting series , and sparking a renaissance for the arcade video game industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arts_District,_Los_Angeles", "text": "The Arts District is a neighborhood on the eastern edge of Downtown Los Angeles , California in the United States . The city community planning boundaries are Alameda Street on the west which blends into Little Tokyo , First Street on the north , the Los Angeles River to the east , and Violet Street on the south . Largely composed of industrial buildings dating from the early 20th century , the area has recently been revitalized , and its street scene slowly developed in the early the 21st century . New art galleries have increased recognition of the area amidst the entire downtown where other art museums are found ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_football", "text": "American football , referred to as football in the United States and Canada and also known as gridiron , [ nb 1 ] is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end . The offense , the team with possession of the oval-shaped football , attempts to advance down the field by running with the ball or passing it , while the defense , the team without possession of the ball , aims to stop the offense 's advance and to take control of the ball for themselves . The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs or plays ; if they fail , they turn over the football to the defense , but if they succeed , they are given a new set of four downs to continue the drive . Points are scored primarily by advancing the ball into the opposing team 's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent 's goalposts for a field goal . The team with the most points at the end of a game wins . American football evolved in the United States , originating from the sports of soccer and rugby . The first American football match was played on November 6 , 1869 , between two college teams , Rutgers and Princeton , using rules based on the rules of soccer at the time . A set of rule changes drawn up from 1880 onward by Walter Camp , the Father of American Football , established the snap , the line of scrimmage , eleven-player teams , and the concept of downs . Later rule changes legalized the forward pass , created the neutral zone and specified the size and shape of the football . The sport is closely related to Canadian football , which evolved in parallel with and at the same time as the American game ( although their rules were developed independently from that of Camp 's ) . Most of the features that distinguish American football from rugby and soccer are also present in Canadian football . The two sports are considered the primary variants of gridiron football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burco", "text": "Burao ( var . Bur ' o ) ( Somali : Burco , Arabic : برعو ) is the largest city in the Togdheer , Somaliland , and also serves as the capital of Togdheer region . Burao was the site of the unilateral declaration of an independent Somaliland on May 18 , 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kara_DioGuardi", "text": "Kara Elizabeth DioGuardi ( /ˈkærə diːoʊˈɡwɑːrdi/ ; born December 9 , 1970 ) is an American songwriter , record producer , music publisher , A & R executive , singer , composer and television personality . She writes music primarily in the pop rock genre . DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists ; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide . DioGuardi is a Grammy and Emmy-nominated writer . She is a 2011 NAMM Music For Life Award winner , 2009 NMPA Songwriter Icon Award winner , 2007 BMI Pop Songwriter of the Year , and has received 20 BMI Awards for co-writing the most performed songs on the radio . DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons . In 2008 , she was appointed to the position of executive vice president of talent development at Warner Bros. Records , and has signed acts such as Jason Derulo and Iyaz . In 2011 , she was a head judge on the Bravo singer-songwriter competition series Platinum Hit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season saw the Oklahoma Sooners , led by head coach Barry Switzer , win the national championship . Oklahoma finished the season 11-1 , with their only loss to Miami at home , in a game in which future NFL star Troy Aikman was lost for the season . The Sooners regrouped and went undefeated the rest of the way , finishing the season with a win over Penn State in the Orange Bowl . Michigan would finish # 2 , the highest finish of a Bo Schembechler led team . The team shined on defense , led by All-Americans Mike Hammerstein and Mark Messner . Tennessee finished the season with a victory over # 2 Miami in the Sugar Bowl . This team won the school 's first SEC championship in 16 years and was nicknamed the Sugar Vols . The SEC title was the first of three for coach Johnny Majors . Air Force Falcons , under Fisher DeBerry had what is considered their best season ever , defeating Texas in the Bluebonnet Bowl and finishing # 5 . This year 's edition of the Iron Bowl is widely considered to be one of the greatest ever . Despite Auburn having Heisman Trophy winner Bo Jackson on its side , Alabama won this game with a last second field goal . This would be the last year for the Missouri Valley Conference in Division 1-A football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_baseman", "text": "First base , or 1B , is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner to score a run for that player 's team . A first baseman is the player on the team playing defense who fields the area nearest first base , and is responsible for the majority of plays made at that base . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the first baseman is assigned the number 3 . Also called first sacker or cornerman , the first baseman is ideally a tall player who throws left-handed and possesses good flexibility and quick reflexes . Flexibility is needed because the first baseman receives throws from the other infielders , the catcher and the pitcher after they have fielded ground balls . In order for the runner to be called out , the first baseman must be able to stretch towards the throw and catch it before the runner reaches first base . First base is often referred to as the other hot corner - the hot corner being third base - and therefore , like the third baseman , he must have quick reflexes to field the hardest hit balls down the foul line , mainly by left-handed pull hitters and right-handed hitters hitting to the opposite field . They often are power hitters who have a substantial number of home runs and extra base hits while maintaining a .270 plus batting average . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Room_401", "text": "Room 401 is a hidden camera/reality television series on MTV , executive produced by Ashton Kutcher and Jason Goldberg . It is named after the room Harry Houdini died in at Detroit 's Grace Hospital in 1926 . The show also used some of his famous acts . Room 401 took unaware victims into the center of pranks that played like mini horror movies . From the reanimation of the dead , to chain-saw mishaps , each episode contains four scares or pranks . The show was hosted by Jared Padalecki from the CW 's Supernatural ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crime_Patrol_(TV_series)", "text": "Crime Patrol is an Indian Hindi crime anthology series created by Subramanian S.lyer for Sony Entertainment Television India and Sony Entertainment Television Asia . The first season was created by Cinevistaas Limited , while later seasons were created by Optimystix Entertainment . The series is set in Mumbai , India . The first and second seasons ' episodes are 30 minutes long , while the subsequent seasons ' episodes are one hour long . The series , which premiered on May 9 , 2003 , is the longest-running reality crime television series in India . It was the first show on Indian television in which cameras traveled with the law enforcement authorities to capture crimes live . The series is in its fifth season which premiered on July 15 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Aspromonte", "text": "Robert Thomas Aspromonte ( born June 19 , 1938 ) is an American former professional baseball third baseman who appeared in 1,324 games over parts of 13 seasons ( 1956 ; 1960-71 ) in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . A native of Brooklyn , New York , he played for the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers , Houston Colt .45s/Astros , Atlanta Braves and New York Mets , all of the National League . He was the last Brooklyn Dodger to play in the major leagues . The younger brother of former MLB infielder and manager Ken Aspromonte , he was listed as 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and 170 pounds ( 77 kg ) . He threw and batted right-handed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Napoleon_Bunny-Part", "text": "Napoleon Bunny-Part is a Warner Bros. animated cartoon of the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Friz Freleng ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Smith,_Arkansas", "text": "Fort Smith is the second-largest city in Arkansas and one of the two county seats of Sebastian County . As of the 2010 Census , the population was 86,209 . With an estimated population of 88,037 in 2017 , it is the principal city of the Fort Smith , Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area , a region of 298,592 residents that encompasses the Arkansas counties of Crawford , Franklin , and Sebastian , and the Oklahoma counties of Le Flore and Sequoyah . Fort Smith has a sister city relationship with Cisterna , Italy , site of the World War II Battle of Cisterna , fought by United States Army Rangers commanded by Fort Smith native William O. Darby . The city also has a mutual friendship-city relationship with Jining , China . Fort Smith lies on the Arkansas-Oklahoma state border , situated at the confluence of the Arkansas and Poteau rivers , also known as Belle Point . Fort Smith was established as a western frontier military post in 1817 , when it was also a center of fur trading . The city developed there . It became well known as a base for migrants ' settling of the Wild West and for its law enforcement heritage . In 2007 , the city of Fort Smith was selected by the United States Department of the Interior as the site of the new United States Marshals Service National Museum , slated to open in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Evangelista_Venegas", "text": "Juan Evangelista Venegas ( December 27 , 1928 - April 16 , 1987 ) was a Puerto Rican boxer notable for winning Puerto Rico 's first Olympic medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norbert_Hahn", "text": "Norbert Hahn ( born 6 January 1954 in Elbingerode , Saxony-Anhalt ) is an East German former luger who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s . He won two medals at the Winter Olympics in the men 's doubles event ( 1976 , 1980 ) . Hahn also won five medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Championships with two golds ( 1975 , 1977 ) , two silvers ( 1973 , 1979 ) , and one bronze ( 1978 ) . He also won seven medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL European Luge Championships with four golds ( 1973 , 1975 , 1978 , 1980 ) and three silvers ( 1974 , 1977 , 1979 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Longview,_Texas", "text": "Longview is the forty-fifth largest city in the state of Texas . The city is mostly located in Gregg County , of which it is the county seat ; a small part of Longview extends into the western part of neighboring Harrison County . Longview is located in East Texas , where Interstate 20 and U.S . Highways 80 and 259 converge just north of the Sabine River . According to the 2010 U.S. census , the city had a population of 80,455 . The estimated population in 2017 was 81,522 . Longview is the principal city of the Longview metropolitan statistical area , comprising Gregg , Upshur , and Rusk counties . The population of the metropolitan area as of 2017 census estimates is 217,481 . Longview was established in the 1870 and became a railroad route in East Texas ; the city was also the first incorporated town in Gregg County . Today , Longview is considered a major hub city for the region , as is the nearby city of Tyler . In 2014 , Forbes magazine ranked Longview as the sixth fastest-growing small city in the United States . Companies with significant presence in Longview are Eastman Chemical and Trinity Rail Group and AAON Coil Products AAON and Consolidated Electrical Distributors ; communities stimulating the city and metro area are LeTourneau University , Kilgore College , and the University of Texas at Tyler 's Longview University Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tasman_District_Council", "text": "Tasman District Council is the unitary local authority for the Tasman District of New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-1", "text": "Patrol Squadron One ( VP-1 ) , established 15 February 1943 , is an active aviation squadron of the United States Navy operating the Boeing P-8A Poseidon aircraft from its home port at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island , Washington , United States . The squadron is known by its nickname Screaming Eagles , adopted in 1985 replacing its previous nickname Fleet 's Finest . The squadron went by the call sign BACKDOOR during the 1960s and 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forever_Flows", "text": "Nirontor ( in English as Forever Flows ) is a 2006 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Abu Sayeed . It stars Shabnur , Ilias Kanchan , Doli Johur , Jayanta Chattopadhyay , Amirul Huq Chawdhury , Litu Anam , Limi and Shahidul Islam Sachchu . It was Bangladesh 's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , but was not accepted as a nominee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Assassination", "text": "Assassination is the act of killing a prominent person for either political , religious , or monetary reasons . An assassination may be prompted by religious , political or military motives . It is an act that may be done for financial gain , to avenge a grievance , from a desire to acquire fame or notoriety , or because of a military , security , insurgent or secret police group 's command to carry out the homicide . Acts of assassination have been performed since ancient times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huancayo", "text": "Huancayo ( Spanish pronunciation : [ waŋˈkaʝo ] ; in Wanka Quechua : Wankayuq [ wɐŋˈkæjuː ] , ' ( place ) with a ( sacred ) rock ' ) is the capital of Junín Region , in the central highlands of Peru ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Craig_Pawson", "text": "Craig Pawson ( born 2 March 1979 ) is an English professional football referee who officiates primarily in the Premier League , having been promoted to the panel of Select Group Referees in 2013 , as well as in the Football League . He is based in South Yorkshire and is associated with the Sheffield & Hallamshire County Football Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1977", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1977 took place in Igls , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Granite", "text": "Granite ( /ˈɡrænɪt/ ) is a common type of felsic intrusive igneous rock that is granular and phaneritic in texture . Granites can be predominantly white , pink , or gray in color , depending on their mineralogy . The word granite comes from the Latin granum , a grain , in reference to the coarse-grained structure of such a holocrystalline rock . Strictly speaking , granite is an igneous rock with between 20% and 60% quartz by volume , and at least 35% of the total feldspar consisting of alkali feldspar , although commonly the term granite is used to refer to a wider range of coarse-grained igneous rocks containing quartz and feldspar . The term granitic means granite-like and is applied to granite and a group of intrusive igneous rocks with similar textures and slight variations in composition and origin . These rocks mainly consist of feldspar , quartz , mica , and amphibole minerals , which form an interlocking , somewhat equigranular matrix of feldspar and quartz with scattered darker biotite mica and amphibole ( often hornblende ) peppering the lighter color minerals . Occasionally some individual crystals ( phenocrysts ) are larger than the groundmass , in which case the texture is known as porphyritic . A granitic rock with a porphyritic texture is known as a granite porphyry . Granitoid is a general , descriptive field term for lighter-colored , coarse-grained igneous rocks . Petrographic examination is required for identification of specific types of granitoids . The extrusive igneous rock equivalent of granite is rhyolite ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bernard_Arnault", "text": "Bernard Jean Étienne Arnault ( French : [ bɛʁnaʁ ʒɑ̃ etjɛn aʁno ] ; born 5 March 1949 ) is a French billionaire business magnate , and art collector . Arnault is the chairman and chief executive of LVMH Moët Hennessy - Louis Vuitton SE , LVMH , the world 's largest luxury-goods company . In April 2018 , he became the richest person in fashion , topping Zara 's Amancio Ortega ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aberdeen_and_Kincardine_East_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Aberdeen and Kincardine East ( or East Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire ) was a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1918 to 1950 . The constituency elected one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election . As created in 1918 , the constituency was largely a replacement for Eastern Aberdeenshire . In 1950 , it was replaced by East Aberdeenshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marrakech-Menara_Airport", "text": "Marrakesh Menara Airport ( Berber languages : ⴰⵣⴰⴳⵯⵣ ⵎⵕⵕⴰⴽⵛ ⵎⵉⵏⴰⵕⴰ , French : Aéroport Marrakech Ménara , Arabic : مطار مراكش المنارة , IATA : RAK , ICAO : GMMX ) is an international airport serving Marrakesh , the capital city of the Marrakesh-Safi region in Morocco . It is an international facility that receives several European flights as well as flights from Casablanca and some of the Arab world nations . The airport served over 6.3 million passengers in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roman_Abramovich", "text": "Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich ( Russian : Рома́н Арка́дьевич Абрамо́вич , pronounced [ rɐˈman ɐrˈkadʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ɐbrɐˈmovʲɪtɕ ] ; born 24 October 1966 ) is a Russian-Israeli billionaire businessman , investor and politician . Abramovich is the primary owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC , and is best known outside Russia as the owner of Chelsea F.C. , a Premier League football club . He was formerly governor of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug from 2000 to 2008 . According to Forbes , Abramovich 's net worth was US $ 12.9 billion in 2019 making him the richest person in Israel , 11th-richest in Russia , and the 120th-richest person in the world . He has donated more money than any other living Russian , with donations between the years 1999 and 2013 of more than US $ 2.5 billion to build schools , hospitals and infrastructure in Chukotka ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ibb", "text": "Ibb ( Arabic : إِبّ , romanized : ʾIbb ) is a city in Yemen , the capital of Ibb Governorate , located about 117 km ( 73 mi ) northeast of Mocha and 194 km ( 121 mi ) south of Sana ' a . A market town and administrative centre developed during the Ottoman occupation , it is one of the most important medium-sized cities in the country . It is situated on a mountain ridge , surrounded by fertile land . As of 2005 , it had a population of 160,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dimensions_CM", "text": "Dimensions CM is a software change and configuration management product developed by Micro Focus . It includes revision control , change , build and release management capabilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deep_Purple", "text": "Deep Purple are an English rock band formed in Hertford in 1968 . The band is considered to be among the pioneers of heavy metal and modern hard rock , although their musical approach changed over the years . Originally formed as a psychedelic rock and progressive rock band , the band shifted to a heavier sound in 1970 . Deep Purple , together with Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath , have been referred to as the unholy trinity of British hard rock and heavy metal in the early to mid-seventies . They were listed in the 1975 Guinness Book of World Records as the globe 's loudest band for a 1972 concert at London 's Rainbow Theatre and have sold over 100 million copies of their albums worldwide . Deep Purple have had several line-up changes and an eight-year hiatus ( 1976-1984 ) . The 1968-1976 line-ups are commonly labelled Mark I , II , III and IV . Their second and most commercially successful line-up consisted of Ian Gillan ( vocals ) , Jon Lord ( keyboards ) , Roger Glover ( bass ) , Ian Paice ( drums ) , and Ritchie Blackmore ( guitar ) . This line-up was active from 1969 to 1973 and was revived from 1984 to 1989 and again from 1992 to 1993 . The band achieved more modest success in the intervening periods between 1968 and 1969 with the line-up including Rod Evans ( lead vocals ) and Nick Simper ( bass , backing vocals ) , between 1974 and 1976 with the line-up including David Coverdale ( lead vocals ) and Glenn Hughes ( bass , vocals ) ( and Tommy Bolin replacing Blackmore in 1975 ) , and between 1989 and 1992 with the line-up including Joe Lynn Turner ( vocals ) . The band 's line-up ( currently including Ian Gillan , and guitarist Steve Morse from 1994 ) has been much more stable in recent years , although keyboardist Jon Lord 's retirement from the band in 2002 ( being succeeded by Don Airey ) left Ian Paice as the only original Deep Purple member still in the band . Deep Purple were ranked number 22 on VH1 's Greatest Artists of Hard Rock programme , and a poll on British radio station Planet Rock ranked them 5th among the most influential bands ever ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Most_Wanted_(1976_TV_series)", "text": "Most Wanted is an American crime drama series shown on ABC from October 16 , 1976 until August 20 , 1977 . It stars Robert Stack , Jo Ann Harris , Shelly Novack , and Hari Rhodes . This program marks the reunion of series star Stack with producer Quinn Martin , as the two had worked together previously on the ABC crime series The Untouchables ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Augusta,_Georgia", "text": "Augusta ( /əˈɡʌstə/ ) , officially Augusta-Richmond County , is a consolidated city-county on the central eastern border of the U.S. state of Georgia . The city lies across the Savannah River from South Carolina at the head of its navigable portion . Georgia 's second-largest city after Atlanta , Augusta is located in the Piedmont section of the state . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , Augusta-Richmond County had a 2017 estimated population of 197,166 , not counting the unconsolidated cities of Blythe and Hephzibah . It is the 123rd largest city in the United States . The process of consolidation between the City of Augusta and Richmond County began with a 1995 referendum in the two jurisdictions . The merger was completed on July 1 , 1996 . Augusta is the principal city of the Augusta metropolitan area . In 2017 it had an estimated population of 600,151 , making it the second-largest metro area in the state . It is the 93rd largest metropolitan area in the United States . Augusta was established in 1736 and is named for Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha ( 1719-1772 ) , the bride of Frederick , Prince of Wales and the mother of the British monarch George III . During the American Civil War , Augusta housed the principal Confederate powder works ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greek_alphabet", "text": "The Greek alphabet has been used to write the Greek language since the late ninth or early eighth century BC . It is derived from the earlier Phoenician alphabet , and was the first alphabetic script in history to have distinct letters for vowels as well as consonants . In Archaic and early Classical times , the Greek alphabet existed in many different local variants , but , by the end of the fourth century BC , the Euclidean alphabet , with twenty-four letters , ordered from alpha to omega , had become standard and it is this version that is still used to write Greek today . These twenty-four letters ( each in uppercase and lowercase forms ) are : Α α , Β β , Γ γ , Δ δ , Ε ε , Ζ ζ , Η η , Θ θ , Ι ι , Κ κ , Λ λ , Μ μ , Ν ν , Ξ ξ , Ο ο , Π π , Ρ ρ , Σ σ/ς , Τ τ , Υ υ , Φ φ , Χ χ , Ψ ψ , and Ω ω . The Greek alphabet is the ancestor of the Latin and Cyrillic scripts . Like Latin and Cyrillic , Greek originally had only a single form of each letter ; it developed the letter case distinction between uppercase and lowercase in parallel with Latin during the modern era . Sound values and conventional transcriptions for some of the letters differ between Ancient and Modern Greek usage , because the pronunciation of Greek has changed significantly between the fifth century BC and today . Modern and Ancient Greek also use different diacritics . Apart from its use in writing the Greek language , in both its ancient and its modern forms , the Greek alphabet today also serves as a source of technical symbols and labels in many domains of mathematics , science and other fields ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Timothy_Dwight_V", "text": "Timothy Dwight V ( November 16 , 1828 - May 26 , 1916 ) was an American academic , educator , Congregational minister , and President of Yale University ( 1886-1898 ) . During his years as the school 's president , Yale 's schools first organized as a university . His grandfather was Timothy Dwight IV , who served as President of Yale College ninety years before his grandson 's tenure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddie_Irvine", "text": "Edmund Irvine Jr. ( born 10 November 1965 ) is a former racing driver from Northern Ireland . He competed in Formula One between 1993 and 2002 , and finished runner-up in the 1999 World Drivers ' Championship , driving for Scuderia Ferrari . He began his career at the age of seventeen when he entered the Formula Ford Championship , achieving early success , before progressing to the Formula Three and Formula 3000 Championships . He made his Formula One debut in 1993 with Jordan Grand Prix , where he achieved early notoriety for his involvement in incidents on and off the track . He scored his first podium in 1995 with Jordan , before moving to Ferrari in 1996 . His most successful season was in 1999 when he took four victories and challenged McLaren driver Mika Häkkinen for the World Championship . He moved to Jaguar Racing in 2000 , scoring the team 's first podium in 2001 and his final podium in 2002 . Irvine retired from competitive motorsport at the end of the 2002 season . Since retiring , Irvine became a media personality in Great Britain . He was linked with the takeover of the Jordan and Minardi Formula One teams in 2005 , but talks came to nothing . Irvine also expanded his interests in the property market , having built up an investment portfolio during his racing career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romania", "text": "Romania ( /roʊˈmeɪniə/ ( listen ) ro-MAY-nee-ə ; Romanian : România [ romɨˈni.a ] ( listen ) ) is a country located at the crossroads of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern Europe . It has borders with the Black Sea to the southeast , Bulgaria to the south , Ukraine to the north , Hungary to the west , Serbia to the southwest , and Moldova to the east . It has a predominantly temperate-continental climate . With a total area of 238,397 square kilometers ( 92,046 square miles ) , Romania is the 8th largest country and also the 6th most populous member state of the European Union , having almost 20 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Bucharest , and other major urban areas include Cluj-Napoca , Timișoara , Iași , Constanța , Craiova , Brașov , and Galați . The River Danube , Europe 's second-longest river , rises in Germany 's Black Forest and flows in a general southeast direction for 2,857 km ( 1,775 mi ) , coursing through ten countries before emptying into Romania 's Danube Delta . The Carpathian Mountains , which cross Romania from the north to the southwest , include Moldoveanu Peak , at an altitude of 2,544 m ( 8,346 ft ) . Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia . The new state , officially named Romania since 1866 , gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1877 . Following World War I after declaring its neutrality in 1914 , when Romania fought on the side of the Allied powers starting with 1916 , Bukovina , Bessarabia , Transylvania as well as parts of Banat , Crișana , and Maramureș became part of the sovereign Kingdom of Romania . In June-August 1940 , as a consequence of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and Second Vienna Award , Romania was compelled to cede Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union , and Northern Transylvania to Hungary . In November 1940 , Romania signed the Tripartite Pact and , consequently , in June 1941 entered World War II on the Axis side , fighting against the Soviet Union until August 1944 , when it joined the Allies and recovered Northern Transylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rossiya_1", "text": "Russia-1 ( Russian : Россия-1 ) is a state-owned Russian television channel first aired on 22 March 1951 as Programme One in the Soviet Union . It was relaunched as RTR on the 13 May 1991 , and is known today as Russia 1 . It is the flagship channel of the All-Russia State Television and Radio Company ( VGTRK ) . Russia-1 has the second largest audience in Russian television . In a typical week , it is viewed by 75% of urban Russians , compared to 83% for the leading channel , Channel One . The two channels are similar in their politics , and they compete directly in entertainment . Russia-1 has many regional variations and broadcasts in many languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976–77_NHL_season", "text": "The 1976-77 NHL season was the 60th season of the National Hockey League . The Kansas City Scouts moved to Denver , Colorado , and became the Colorado Rockies and the California Golden Seals moved to Cleveland , Ohio , and became the Cleveland Barons . The Montreal Canadiens once again dominated the playoffs as , for the second straight year , they swept their opponent four games to none in the final series for the Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_South_Carolina_Gamecocks_football_team", "text": "The 1994 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) during the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season . The Gamecocks were led by head coach Brad Scott and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia , South Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Laurent_Ferry", "text": "The St. Laurent Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The ferry crosses the South Saskatchewan River , linking Grid Road 783 on the river 's west bank with Grid Road 782 on the east bank , near St. Laurent de Grandin . The six-car ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure . The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 6:30 AM and 11:30 PM , during the ice-free season . The ferry has a length of 18.2 metres ( 60 ft ) , a width of 6 metres ( 20 ft ) , and a load limit of 31.5 tonnes ( 31.0 long tons ; 34.7 short tons ) . The ferry transports almost 18,000 vehicles a year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silas_L._Niblack", "text": "Silas Leslie Niblack ( March 17 , 1825 - February 13 , 1883 ) was a Democratic US Representative from Florida . He was the cousin of William Ellis Niblack , US Representative from Indiana . Born in Camden County , Georgia , Niblack attended the common schools before studying law . He was admitted to the bar about 1851 and commenced practice in Lake City , Columbia County , Florida . He later became a judge of the probate court of Columbia County . Niblack successfully contested as a Democrat the election of Josiah T. Walls to the Forty-second United States Congress and served from January 29 to March 3 , 1873 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Forty-third United States Congress . In 1879 he was a member of the Florida State Senate . Outside politics Niblack carried on extensive farming operations and engaged in the practice of law in Lake City until his death in 1883 . He was buried in the Old Cathey Cemetery , Lake City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Maine_Community_College", "text": "Southern Maine Community College is a public community college in South Portland , Maine . It is part of the Maine Community College System ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Felipe_Football_Field", "text": "San Felipe Football Field is a football stadium based in San Felipe , Orange Walk District , Belize . It is home to San Felipe Barcelona , who until 2013 competed in the Premier League of Belize . Before 2011 , the home stadium of the team was Orange Walk People 's Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johann_Hieronymus_Schröter", "text": "Johann Hieronymus Schröter ( 30 August 1745 , Erfurt - 29 August 1816 , Lilienthal ) was a German astronomer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neil_Young", "text": "Neil Percival Young OC OM ( born November 12 , 1945 ) is a Canadian American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist and activist , considered by some as one of the most influential and prolific songwriters of all time . After embarking on a music career in the 1960s , he moved to Los Angeles , where he formed Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills , Richie Furay and others . Young had released two solo albums and three as a member of Buffalo Springfield by the time he joined Crosby , Stills & Nash in 1969 . From his early solo albums and those with his backing band Crazy Horse , Young has recorded a steady stream of studio and live albums , sometimes warring [ vague ] with his recording company along the way . Young has received several Grammy and Juno awards . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted him twice : as a solo artist in 1995 and in 1997 as a member of Buffalo Springfield . In 2000 , Rolling Stone named Young the 34th greatest rock ' n roll artist . His guitar work , deeply personal lyrics and signature tenor singing voice define his long career . He also plays piano and harmonica on many albums , which frequently combine folk , rock , country and other musical styles . His often distorted electric guitar playing , especially with Crazy Horse , earned him the nickname Godfather of Grunge and led to his 1995 album Mirror Ball with Pearl Jam . More recently he has been backed by Promise of the Real . Young directed ( or co-directed ) films using the pseudonym Bernard Shakey , including Journey Through the Past ( 1973 ) , Rust Never Sleeps ( 1979 ) , Human Highway ( 1982 ) , Greendale ( 2003 ) , and CSNY/Déjà Vu ( 2008 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illuminati", "text": "The Illuminati ( plural of Latin illuminatus , enlightened ) is a name given to several groups , both real and fictitious . Historically , the name usually refers to the Bavarian Illuminati , an Enlightenment-era secret society founded on 1 May 1776 in Bavaria , today part of Germany . The society 's goals were to oppose superstition , obscurantism , religious influence over public life , and abuses of state power . The order of the day , they wrote in their general statutes , is to put an end to the machinations of the purveyors of injustice , to control them without dominating them . The Illuminati - along with Freemasonry and other secret societies - were outlawed through edict by Charles Theodore , Elector of Bavaria with the encouragement of the Catholic Church , in 1784 , 1785 , 1787 , and 1790 . In the following several years , the group was vilified by conservative and religious critics who claimed that they continued underground and were responsible for the French Revolution . Many influential intellectuals and progressive politicians counted themselves as members , including Ferdinand of Brunswick and the diplomat Xavier von Zwack , who was the Order 's second-in-command . It attracted literary men such as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johann Gottfried Herder and the reigning Duke of Gotha and of Weimar . In subsequent use , Illuminati has referred to various organisations which have claimed or have been claimed to be connected to the original Bavarian Illuminati or similar secret societies , though these links have been unsubstantiated . These organisations have often been alleged to conspire to control world affairs , by masterminding events and planting agents in government and corporations , in order to gain political power and influence and to establish a New World Order . Central to some of the more widely known and elaborate conspiracy theories , the Illuminati have been depicted as lurking in the shadows and pulling the strings and levers of power in dozens of novels , films , television shows , comics , video games , and music videos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giuseppe_Taddei", "text": "Giuseppe Taddei ( 26 June 1916 - 2 June 2010 ) was an Italian baritone , who , during his career , performed multiple opera composed by numerous composers . Taddei was born in Genoa , Italy , and studied in Rome , where he made his professional debut in 1936 as the Herald in Wagner 's Lohengrin . He sang at the Rome Opera until he was conscripted into the army in 1942 . After the war , he resumed his opera career and appeared for two seasons at the Vienna State Opera . He made his debut in London in 1947 , at the Cambridge Theatre . The following year , 1948 , saw his debut at the Salzburg Festival , La Scala in Milan , and the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples . His American debut took place at the San Francisco Opera in 1957 , followed by his appearance with Lyric Opera of Chicago in 1959 . He sang regularly at the Royal Opera House in London from 1960 to 1967 . Taddei was equally effective in comedy and drama . His acting repertoire included the two Figaros , from The Marriage of Figaro and The Barber of Seville , both Leporello and Don Giovanni in Don Giovanni , both Belcore and Dulcamara in L'elisir d'amore , as well as Don Carlo in Ernani , Macbeth in Macbeth , Rigoletto in Rigoletto , Amonasro in Aida , Iago in Otello , Falstaff in Falstaff , Barnaba in La Gioconda , Gérard in Andrea Chénier , and Scarpia in Tosca , among others . His vocal longevity allowed him to continue singing into old age , including a debut at the Metropolitan Opera , on 25 September 1985 , in the title role of Falstaff , at the age of 69 . Taddei left many recordings , notably as Figaro in The Marriage of Figaro and Leporello in Don Giovanni in the Carlo Maria Giulini renditions , as Macbeth , opposite Birgit Nilsson , in Macbeth , conducted by Thomas Schippers , and as Scarpia in Tosca and as Falstaff in Falstaff , both conducted by Herbert von Karajan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gloucestershire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "The constituency of Gloucestershire was a UK Parliamentary constituency . After it was abolished under the 1832 Electoral Reform Act , two new constituencies , West Gloucestershire and East Gloucestershire , were created . Gloucestershire was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England , then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1832 . It was represented by two Knights of the Shire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bandy", "text": "Bandy is a team winter sport played on ice , in which skaters use sticks to direct a ball into the opposing team 's goal . The sport is considered a form of hockey and has a common background with ice hockey and field hockey . Bandy has also been influenced by the rules of association football : both games are normally played in halves of 45 minutes , there are 11 players on each team , and the fields in both games are about the same size . Bandy is played , like ice hockey , on ice but players use bowed sticks and a small ball , as in field hockey . A variant of bandy , rink bandy , is played to the same rules but on a field the size of an ice hockey rink , with ice hockey goal cages and with six players on each team , or five in USA Rink Bandy League . Traditional eleven-a-side bandy and rink bandy are recognized by the International Olympic Committee . More informal varieties also exist , like seven-a-side bandy with normally sized goal cages but without corner strokes . Those rules were applied at Davos Cup in 2016 . Rink bandy has in turn led to the creation of the sport rinkball . Bandy is also the predecessor of floorball , which was invented when people started playing with plastic bandy-shaped sticks and lightweight balls when running on the floors of indoor gym halls . Based on the number of participating athletes , bandy is the world 's second-most participated winter sport after ice hockey . Bandy is also ranked as the number two winter sport in terms of tickets sold per day of competitions at the sport 's world championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McGregor,_Minnesota", "text": "McGregor is a city in Aitkin County , Minnesota , United States . The population was 391 at the 2010 census . McGregor is located along Minnesota State Highways 65 and 210 . Other routes include Aitkin County Road 8 , Maddy Street ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alianza_Lima", "text": "Club Alianza Lima ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈkluβ a.ˈljãn.sa ˈli.ma ] ) is a Peruvian professional sports club based in La Victoria District of Lima , Peru . It is widely known for having one of the most historical and successful professional football teams of Peru : they have won a total of twenty-three league titles of the Peruvian First Division and are currently the oldest team playing in this competition , since the club was founded in 1901 . Alianza 's home stadium is the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva , named after Alejandro Villanueva , one of the most important players the club had in their history . The stadium is also popularly known as Matute , name of the neighbourhood in which it is located . It is the most popular side in Peru , having the highest number of fans and followers . Alianza enjoyed success throughout the first decades of their professional era . In 1987 , a tragedy struck Alianza when the entire squad and coaching staff died in an airplane crash as the team was returning from an away fixture . Alianza Lima has had a huge , long-standing rivalry with Universitario de Deportes , another popular football team of Lima , Peru . They play the Peruvian Clásico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Medical_Center", "text": "The Detroit Medical Center ( DMC ) is a for-profit alliance of hospitals that encompasses over 2,000 licensed beds , 3,000 affiliated physicians and over 12,000 employees . Located in Midtown Detroit , the DMC is affiliated with medical schools from Wayne State University and Michigan State University . Detroit Medical Center hospitals are staffed by physicians from the Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine , which is ranked 17th in the nation in primary care , and the Wayne State University School of Medicine , the largest single-campus medical school in the United States and the nation 's fourth largest medical school overall . The Detroit Medical Center is fully accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations . The Detroit Medical Center is as an award-winning medical center and is the official healthcare services provider for the Detroit Tigers , and the Detroit Red Wings . On March 19 , 2010 , Vanguard Health Systems and Detroit Medical Center announced an $ 850 million expansion and renovation plan . Detroit Medical Center formally became a part of Vanguard Health Systems on December 30 , 2010 , as a for profit corporation . Vanguard agreed to invest nearly $ 1.5 billion which included $ 417 million to retire debts , at least $ 350 million in capital expenditures and an additional $ 500 million for new capital investment in Detroit Medical Center . Vanguard has agreed to assume all debts and pension obligations . In June 2013 , rival Tenet Healthcare announced it would purchase Vanguard for $ 1.73 billion . The transaction closed October 3 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976_Denver_Broncos_season", "text": "The 1976 Denver Broncos season was the team 's 17th year in professional football and its seventh with the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team finished the season with a winning record for the third time in the last four seasons . It was John Ralston 's fifth and final season as the Broncos ' head coach and general manager . Denver was looking to improve on its 6-8 record from 1975 and finished 9-5 , second in the AFC West ; despite the winning record , the team again missed the playoffs , which included only eight teams . Oakland won the division at 13-1 and New England was the sole wild card team in the AFC at 11-3 . Since their inception as an original AFL team in 1960 , the Broncos had yet to play in the postseason . Ralston was relieved of his duties as general manager in mid-December , succeeded by assistant GM Fred Gehrke . After several weeks in the restructured organization , Ralston resigned as head coach in late January 1977 . Red Miller , the offensive line coach at New England under Chuck Fairbanks , was hired as head coach in early February . Miller had a previous stint with the Broncos as offensive line coach for three seasons ( 1963-65 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Svetlana_Nageykina", "text": "Svetlana Vyacheslavovna Nageykina ( Russian : Светла́на Вячесла́вовна Наге́йкина ; born February 2 , 1965 in Tambov ) is a former Soviet/Russian cross-country skier who competed during the 1980s , training at Spartak . She won a gold medal in the 4x5 km relay at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary for the Soviet Union ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Romana_Province", "text": "La Romana ( Spanish pronunciation : [ la ɾoˈmana ] ) is a province of the Dominican Republic . The capital is also named La Romana , and is the third-largest city in the country . La Romana was elevated to the category of province in 1944 . La Romana is also home to Casa de Campo , one of the world 's largest resorts and top golfing destinations , including the Teeth of the Dog golf course . Many international and local artists perform at Altos de Chavón , an artistic community and university ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_countries_by_length_of_coastline", "text": "This article contains a list of countries by length of coastline , in kilometers . A coastline of zero indicates that the country is landlocked ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steven_Wong", "text": "Steven Patrick Marie Josee Wong ( Chinese : 王史提芬 ; Jyutping : wong4 si2 tai4 fan1 ; born on 28 April 1988 ) is a BMX cyclist for Hong Kong . Steven Wong was born to a Hong Kong Chinese father and Belgian mother . he has a little sister and grew up in Belgium . His father has a restaurant in Belgium . He was invited to race for Belgium but decided to race for Hong Kong instead . He first raced for Hong Kong at the 2005 China National Games and won the Gold Medal in BMX cycling . In 2009 , he fell at the 2009 China National Games and failed to defend his gold medal . Then in December 2009 he won the Gold Medal at the East Asian Games . In November 2010 he won the Gold Medal at the Asian Games in Guangzhou ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Kansas_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Kansas Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Kansas in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant has been part of the Vanbros organisation since 1992 , and in 2006 , they celebrated their fifteen-year anniversary with a reunion of former titleholders at the 2007 pageant . For the first time , all the judges for both the Miss Kansas USA and Miss Kansas Teen USA pageants were former titleholders from the Vanbros states : Kansas , Missouri , Oklahoma and Nebraska . Prior to 1994 , the pageant was held concurrently with the Miss Kansas USA event , which was hosted by Kansas City . In 1994 , the pageant was moved to Wichita . In 2000 , the pageant directors moved the event to the small town of Maize , just outside Wichita , where it was also held the following year , before it was brought back to Wichita proper from 2002-2003 . The pageant was held in Overland Park for the first time in 2004 and also in 2005 . In 2006 , it moved to Lawrence . Kansas had a slow start at Miss Teen USA , and did not place until 1991 . Despite this , they placed extremely well in the 1990s , with one semi-finalist placing , one finalist placing , two 2nd runner-up placings and one winner , and were in fact the second highest placed state in that decade . Latasha Laine Lawrie brought Kansas back into the placings in the 21st century with her finalist placing in 2005 . She also won the Miss Photogenic award , the only major award won by a Kansas teen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Spanish_Football_Federation", "text": "The Royal Spanish Football Federation ( Spanish : Real Federación Española de Fútbol ; RFEF ) is the governing body of football in Spain . It is based in La Ciudad del Fútbol of Las Rozas , a municipality near Madrid . It was founded on 14 October 1909 as Federación Española de Clubs de Football , and officially founded on 29 September 1913 . It administers the competition committee ( including the handling of the trophy ) of the Campeonato Nacional de Liga : the Primera División and the Segunda División , even though they are organized by LaLiga . It organizes the Segunda División B as well as the Tercera División with the assistance of the regional football federations . It is also responsible for appointing the management of the Spanish national football team ( men 's ) , women 's , and youth national football teams . The Spain national futsal team , also belongs to the federation . As of May 2019 , the federation has 21,148 registered clubs and 1,063,090 federated football players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas/Fort_Worth_International_Airport", "text": "Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport ( IATA : DFW , ICAO : KDFW , FAA LID : DFW ) is the primary international airport serving the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex area in the U.S. state of Texas . It is the largest hub for American Airlines , which is headquartered near the airport . It is the fourth busiest airport in the world by aircraft movements and the fifteenth busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic in 2017 . It is the ninth busiest international gateway in the United States and the second busiest international gateway in Texas . American Airlines at DFW is the second largest single airline hub in the world and the United States , behind Delta 's Atlanta hub . Located roughly halfway between the major cities of Dallas and Fort Worth , DFW spills across portions of Dallas and Tarrant counties , and includes portions of the cities of Irving , Euless , Grapevine and Coppell . At 17,207 acres ( 6,963 hectares ; 27 square miles ) , DFW is larger than the island of Manhattan , and is the second largest airport by land area in the United States , after Denver International Airport . It has its own post office ZIP code , 75261 , and United States Postal Service city designation ( DFW Airport , TX ) , as well as its own police , fire protection and emergency medical services . The members of the airport 's board of directors are appointed by the owner cities of Dallas and Fort Worth , with a non-voting member chosen from the airport 's four neighboring cities on a rotating basis . As of January 2020 , DFW Airport has service to 260 destinations , including 67 international and 193 domestic destinations within the U.S . In surpassing 200 destinations , DFW joined a small group of airports worldwide with that distinction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Porsche_911_GT3", "text": "The Porsche 911 GT3 is a high performance homologation model of the Porsche 911 sports car . It is a line of high-performance models , which began with the 1973 911 Carrera RS . The GT3 , introduced in 1999 , is named after the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) Group GT3 class , in which its racing counterpart was designed to compete . The GT3 has had a successful racing career in the one-make national and regional Porsche Carrera Cup and GT3 Cup Challenge series , as well as the international Porsche Supercup supporting the FIA Formula 1 World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calico_Rock_Methodist_Episcopal_Church", "text": "The Calico Rock Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic former church building at 101 W. 1st in Calico Rock , Arkansas , just north of the Calico Rock Historic District . It is a single story brick structure , built in 1923-24 with Colonial Revival and Craftsman features . It has a front-gable roof with large Craftsman brackets and exposed rafters , with hip-roofed chancel and transept ends . The main entrance is sheltered by a gable-roofed porch supported by brick posts . The building served as home to a local Methodist congregation until c. 2007 . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boomerang_(TV_network)", "text": "Boomerang is an American cable television network and streaming service owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment , a subsidiary of AT & T 's WarnerMedia . Boomerang originated as a programming block on Cartoon Network introduced in 1992 , focusing on classic cartoons from the WB library ( including Warner Bros. Cartoons and Hanna-Barbera productions , among others ) , and eventually grew into its own separate channel devoted to such content in 2000 . Since a rebranding in 2015 ( which aimed to promote Boomerang as a second flagship brand alongside Cartoon Network ) , Boomerang began to originate original programming , focusing primarily on reboots of popular legacy franchises such as Looney Tunes and Scooby-Doo . The network 's drift towards modern content has also seen it carry reruns of current or recent Cartoon Network series . In 2017 , Boomerang launched a co-branded over-the-top subscription service focusing on classic cartoons . As of September 2018 , Boomerang is available to approximately 38.312 million pay television households in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buikwe", "text": "Buikwe , sometimes spelled Buyikwe , is a town in Buikwe District , Uganda . It is the administrative center of the district and the location of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manzanita_Lake", "text": "Manzanita Lake is a lake located in Lassen Volcanic National Park . Located near the park entrance , the lake is open for fishing and has rainbow , brown and brook trout . Manzanita Lake was formed when Manzanita Creek was dammed 300 years ago by a rock avalanche from the northwest slope of the Chaos Crags , which also resulted in the debris formation known as Chaos Jumbles . The area around the lake features the Loomis Museum , a campground , and the Manzanita Lake Naturalist 's Services Historic District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melissa_Hart_(politician)", "text": "Melissa Anne Hart ( born April 4 , 1962 ) is an American lawyer and politician . She was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2007 , representing Pennsylvania 's 4th congressional district . She was the first Republican woman to represent Pennsylvania at the federal level . Prior to her service in Congress , Hart served in the Pennsylvania Senate , where she chaired the finance committee . In the 2006 midterm elections , Hart lost her bid for re-election to Democrat Jason Altmire . She challenged Altmire again in the 2008 election , but was defeated again , by a wider margin than in 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_guard", "text": "The shooting guard ( SG ) , also known as the two or off guard , is one of the five traditional positions in a regulation basketball game . A shooting guard 's main objective is to score points for their team and steal the ball on defense . Some teams ask their shooting guards to bring up the ball as well ; these players are known colloquially as combo guards . A player who can switch between playing shooting guard and small forward is known as a swingman . In the NBA , shooting guards usually range from 6 ' 2 ( 1.88 m ) to 6 ' 7 ( 2.01 m ) , and from 5 ' 8 ( 1.73 m ) to 5 ' 11 ( 1.80 m ) in the WNBA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Revaz_Gurgenidze", "text": "Revaz Gurgenidze ( born July 9 , 1986 ) is a Russian male acrobatic gymnast . With his partner Anna Katchalova , he achieved silver in the 2004 World Sports Acrobatics Championships and gold in the 2006 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships . With his partner Tatiana Okulova , he achieved silver in the 2010 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships and 2012 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships . He and his partner , Marina Chernova , achieved gold in the 2014 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships . With Anna Katchalova , Gurgenidze won the 2005 World Games gold medal . Eight years later Gurgenidze and Chernova missed bronze by half a point and finished fourth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIFA_Football_2005", "text": "FIFA Football 2005 , also known as FIFA Soccer 2005 in North America , FIFA 2005 or simply FIFA 05 , is a football video game released in 2004 . It was developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts . It was released for the PlayStation , PlayStation 2 , Microsoft Windows , Xbox , PlayStation Portable ( as simply FIFA Soccer ) , GameCube , mobile phone , Gizmondo , N-Gage and the Game Boy Advance . The tagline for the game was : A great player needs a great first touch . FIFA 2005 is the twelfth game in the FIFA series , the ninth in 3D and the final game in the series for the PlayStation . FIFA Football 2005 marks the first time to include the seventh-generation handheld game consoles . The Japanese version of the game went by the name of FIFA Total Football 2 and was released on December 9 , 2004 . FIFA Football 2005 is the last licensed game to be released for the PlayStation in North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valhalla_IP", "text": "Valhalla IP is a stadium in Gothenburg , Sweden which is home to several teams , for both Damallsvenskan and Division 1 , Qviding FIF and the ladies team Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC . The stadium is situated close the river Mölndalsån and Burgårdsparken of the town and is named after the Valhalla ( Old Norse Valhöll , Hall of the Slain ) is Odin 's hall in Norse mythology . The capacity of the stadium is 4,000 , where 1,200 are seated . Valhalla IP had an artificial pitch added in October 2006 . On October 19 , 2008 , during a football match between Örgryte IS and FC Väsby United , after one minute of play a railing in the stands collapsed when fans celebrated a goal scored by Marcus Allbäck . Up to forty spectators fell down on the field , a few suffered minor injuries and one spectator was taken to hospital . It also hosted some Sweden national football team games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Penn_High_School_(Delaware)", "text": "William Penn High School , also known as William Penn or simply Penn , is a four-year comprehensive , coeducational public high school located in New Castle , Delaware , United States . The school is a member of the Colonial School District , and is the largest high school in the state of Delaware . The school mascot is the Colonial ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leyte_(province)", "text": "Leyte ( also Northern Leyte ; Cebuano : Amihanang Leyte ; Waray : Norte san/Amihanan nga Leyte ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Eastern Visayas region , occupying the northern three-quarters of Leyte Island . Its capital is the city of Tacloban . Leyte is situated west of Samar Island , north of Southern Leyte and south of Biliran . To the west of Leyte across the Camotes Sea is the province of Cebu . The historical name of the Philippines , Las Islas Felipenas , named by Spanish explorer Ruy López de Villalobos in honor of Prince Philip of Spain , used to refer to the islands of Leyte and Samar only , until it was adopted to refer to the entire archipelago . Leyte is also known as the site of the largest naval battle in modern history , the Battle of Leyte Gulf , which took place during the Second World War . Leyte is especially prone to typhoons because of its geographic facing toward the Pacific Ocean . On 8 November 2013 , the province was severely affected by Super Typhoon Yolanda ( Haiyan ) . The typhoon , known internationally as Haiyan , and domestically referred to as Yolanda , killed thousands of people and garnered significant international media attention . Leyte suffered similar destruction and loss of life in 1991 from Tropical Storm Thelma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fivehead", "text": "Fivehead is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the Fivehead River , 8 miles ( 12.9 km ) east of Taunton in the South Somerset district . In 2011 the parish , which includes the hamlet of Swell , had a population of 609 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michigan_Wolverines_football", "text": "The Michigan Wolverines football program represents the University of Michigan in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) level . Michigan has the most all-time wins in college football history . The team is known for its distinctive winged helmet , its fight song , its record-breaking attendance figures at Michigan Stadium , and its many rivalries , particularly its annual , regular-season-ending game against Ohio State , known simply as The Game , once voted as ESPN 's best sports rivalry . Michigan began competing in intercollegiate football in 1879 . The Wolverines joined the Big Ten Conference at its inception in 1896 , and other than a hiatus from 1907 to 1916 , have been members since . Michigan has won or shared 42 league titles , and , since the inception of the AP Poll in 1936 , has finished in the top 10 a total of 38 times . The Wolverines claim 11 national championships , most recently that of the 1997 squad voted atop the final AP Poll . From 1900 to 1989 , Michigan was led by a series of nine head coaches , each of whom has been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame either as a player or as a coach . Fielding H. Yost became Michigan 's head coach in 1901 and guided his Point-a-Minute squads to a streak of 56 games without a defeat , spanning from his arrival until the season finale in 1905 , including a victory in the 1902 Rose Bowl , the first college football bowl game ever played . Fritz Crisler brought his winged helmet from Princeton University in 1938 and led the 1947 Wolverines to a national title and Michigan 's second Rose Bowl win . Bo Schembechler coached the team for 21 seasons ( 1969-1989 ) in which he won 13 Big Ten titles and 194 games , a program record . The first decade of his tenure was underscored by a fierce competition with his former mentor , Woody Hayes , whose Ohio State Buckeyes squared off against Schembechler 's Wolverines in a stretch of the Michigan-Ohio State rivalry dubbed the Ten-Year War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hangar_One_(Mountain_View,_California)", "text": "Hangar One is one of the world 's largest freestanding structures , covering 8 acres ( 3.2 ha ) at the Moffett Field airship hangars site at Moffett Field , California ( near Mountain View ) , in Santa Clara County of the southern San Francisco Bay Area , California . The massive hangar has long been one of the most recognizable landmarks of California 's Silicon Valley . An early example of mid-century modern architecture , it was built in the 1930s as a naval airship hangar for the USS Macon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duane_Hopwood", "text": "Duane Hopwood is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Matt Mulhern , and starring David Schwimmer , Janeane Garofalo , Judah Friedlander , John Krasinski and Steve Schirripa . After being featured in the Sundance Film Festival in January 2005 , it later had a limited theatrical release in November 2005 . The film 's plot centers on the title character ( Schwimmer ) , an alcoholic whose life is spiraling downward rapidly after his divorce from Linda ( Garofalo ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heptyl_p-hydroxybenzoate", "text": "Heptylparaben ( heptyl p-hydroxybenzoate ) is a compound with formula C7H15 ( C6H4OHCOO ) . It is a paraben which is the heptyl ester of p-hydroxybenzoic acid . Heptylparaben has also been found to be produced in some microorganisms including Microbulbifer . As a food additive it has E number E209 , and is used as a preservative ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UNC_Asheville_Bulldogs_men's_basketball", "text": "The UNC Asheville Bulldogs men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents the University of North Carolina at Asheville in Asheville , North Carolina , United States . Their current head coach is Mike Morrell . The school 's team currently competes in the Big South Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hartwell,_Georgia", "text": "Hartwell is a city in Hart County , Georgia , United States . The population was 4,469 at the 2010 census . The city is the county seat of Hart County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dormouse_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)", "text": "The Dormouse is a character in A Mad Tea-Party , Chapter VII from Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yountville,_California", "text": "Yountville ( /ˈjɔːntvɪl/ or /ˈjaʊntvɪl/ ) is an incorporated town in Napa County , in California 's Wine Country . It is in the North Bay portion of the San Francisco Bay Area . The population was 2,933 at the 2010 census . Almost one-third of the town 's population lives on the grounds of the Veterans Home of California . The town 's name is derived from the name of early pioneer George Calvert Yount . Yount was considered responsible for establishing the first vineyard in the Napa Valley . Yountville is a noted destination for gourmet diners , and has two Michelin-starred restaurants , The French Laundry and Bouchon Bistro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bent's_Old_Fort", "text": "Bent 's Old Fort is an 1833 fort located in Otero County in southeastern Colorado , United States . A company owned by Charles Bent and William Bent and Ceran St. Vrain built the fort to trade with Southern Cheyenne and Arapaho Plains Indians and trappers for buffalo robes . For much of its 16-year history , the fort was the only major white American permanent settlement on the Santa Fe Trail between Missouri and the Mexican settlements . It was destroyed in 1849 . The area of the fort was designated a National Historic Site under the National Park Service on June 3 , 1960 . It was further designated a National Historic Landmark later that year on December 19 , 1960 . The fort was reconstructed and is open to the public ."}
{"title": "/wiki/What_If_(comics)", "text": "What If , sometimes rendered as What If . ? , is a series of comic books published by Marvel Comics whose stories explore how the Marvel Universe might have unfolded if key moments in its history had not occurred as they did in mainstream continuity . What If comics have been published in 13 series , as well as many stand-alone issues , since the 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catford_railway_station", "text": "Catford railway station is one of two stations serving the London suburb of Catford . Mainly used by commuters , it is in Travelcard Zone 3 and is on the Catford Loop Line , between Crofton Park and Bellingham . It is served mainly by Thameslink trains between West Hampstead Thameslink , London Blackfriars and Sevenoaks . Connections to London Victoria are available at Peckham Rye . Catford is 8 miles 3 chains ( 12.9 km ) measured from Victoria . It is adjacent to , and on a higher level than , Catford Bridge railway station on the Mid-Kent Line . The two stations are separated by the site of the former Catford Stadium . Interchange on one ticket is allowed between the two stations . There is only a small shelter , a ticket machine , a few lamp-posts and a stairway on each of the two otherwise bare platforms , unlike the more ornate Catford Bridge station , which has retained most of its original architecture . Each platform has customer information screens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria", "text": "Austria ( /ˈɒstriə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɔːs-/ ; German : Österreich [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯ç ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Austria ( German : Republik Österreich , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe . It is composed of nine federated states ( Bundesländer ) , one of which is Vienna , Austria 's capital and its largest city . It is bordered by Germany to the northwest , Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia to the northeast , Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 ( 32,386 sq mi ) and has a population of nearly 9 million people . While German is the country 's official language , many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects . Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy . In the 16th century , Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg - one of the most influential royal dynasties in history . As an archduchy , it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire . Early in the 19th century , Austria established its own empire , which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation but pursued its own course independently of the other German states . Following the Austro-Prussian War and the compromise with Hungary , the Dual Monarchy was established . Austria was involved in World War I under Emperor Franz Joseph following the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand , the presumptive successor to the Austro-Hungarian throne . After the defeat and the dissolution of the Monarchy , the Republic of German-Austria was proclaimed with the intent of the union with Germany , which eventually failed because of the Allied Powers and the state remained unrecognized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clementine_Churchill", "text": "Clementine Ogilvy Spencer-Churchill , Baroness Spencer-Churchill , GBE ( née Hozier ; 1 April 1885 - 12 December 1977 ) was the wife of Winston Churchill and a life peer in her own right ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peebles_Corporation", "text": "Peebles Corporation is a privately held real estate investment and development company . The company was founded by R. Donahue Peebles in 1983 specializing in residential , hospitality , retail , and mixed-use commercial properties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daejeon", "text": "Daejeon ( Korean : [ tɛ̝.dʑʌn ] ( listen ) ) is South Korea 's fifth-largest metropolis . Daejeon had a population of over 1.5 million in 2010 . Located in the central region of South Korea , Daejeon serves as a hub of transportation and is at the crossroads of major transport routes . The capital Seoul is about 50 minutes away by KTX high-speed train . Daejeon is one of South Korea 's administration hubs with the Daejeon Government Complex ( Other administrative hubs : Seoul , Gwacheon and Sejong ) . The Korean administration in the 1980s decided to relocate some of its functions from Seoul , the national capital , to other cities . Currently , 12 national government offices , including Korea Customs Service , Small and Medium Business Administration , Public Procurement Service , National Statistical Office , Military Manpower Administration , Korea Forest Service , Cultural Heritage Administration , and Korean Intellectual Property Office , as well as Patent Court of Korea , are located in Daejeon . Korail , Korea Water Resources Corporation , and Korea Minting and Security Printing Corporation are also headquartered in the city . Daejeon has 18 universities , including KAIST and Chungnam National University . Daejeon has earned its name as Asia 's Silicon Valley and high technology city . The city hosted the Taejon Expo '93 and the International Mathematical Olympiads in 2000 . Several important research institutes are based in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantis:_The_Lost_Empire", "text": "Atlantis : The Lost Empire is a 2001 American animated science-fantasy action-adventure film created by Walt Disney Feature Animation , marking the 41st entry in Disney 's animated features canon and its first science-fiction film . Written by Tab Murphy , directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise , and produced by Don Hahn , the film features an ensemble cast with the voices of Michael J . Fox , Cree Summer , James Garner , Leonard Nimoy , Don Novello , Phil Morris , Claudia Christian , Jacqueline Obradors , Jim Varney ( in his final role ) , Florence Stanley , John Mahoney , David Ogden Stiers and Corey Burton . Set in 1914 , the film tells the story of a young man who gains possession of a sacred book , which he believes will guide him and a crew of mercenaries to the lost city of Atlantis . Development of the film began after production had finished on The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( 1996 ) . Instead of another musical , the production team decided to do an action-adventure film inspired by the works of Jules Verne . Atlantis was notable for adopting the distinctive visual style of comic book creator Mike Mignola . The film made greater use of computer-generated imagery ( CGI ) than any of Disney 's previous traditionally animated features , and it remains one of the few to have been shot in anamorphic format . Linguist Marc Okrand constructed an Atlantean language specifically for use in Atlantis . James Newton Howard provided the film 's score . The film was released at a time when audience interest in animated films was shifting away from hand-drawn animation toward films with full CGI . Atlantis : The Lost Empire premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood , California on June 3 , 2001 , and went into general release on June 15 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shankar_Nag", "text": "Shankar Nagarakatte ( ಶಂಕರ್ ನಾಗರಕಟ್ಟೆ ) ( 9 November 1954 - 30 September 1990 ) was an Indian actor , screenwriter , director , and producer known for his work in Kannada cinema and television . He directed and acted in the teleserial , Malgudi Days , based on celebrated novelist R. K. Narayan 's short stories . Shankar Nag received the inaugural IFFI Best Actor Award ( Male ) : Silver Peacock Award at the 7th International Film Festival of India for his work in the film Ondanondu Kaladalli . He co-wrote 22 June 1897 , an Indian national award-winning Marathi film . He is the younger brother of actor Anant Nag ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KSPS-TV", "text": "KSPS-TV , virtual and VHF digital channel 7 , is a Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station licensed to Spokane , Washington , United States . The station is owned by KSPS Public Television . KSPS-TV 's studios are located on South Regal Street in Spokane , and its transmitter is located on Krell Hill southeast of Spokane . On cable and satellite , the station can be seen in high definition on Comcast Xfinity channel 107 in the Spokane area , Charter Spectrum channel 1221 in the Coeur d'Alene area and the Palouse , Idaho , and channel 7 ( in both standard and high definition ) on Dish Network and DirecTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tupoutoʻa_ʻUlukalala", "text": "Siaosi ( George ) Manumataongo ʻAlaivahamamaʻo ʻAhoʻeitu Konstantin Tukuʻaho ( born 17 September 1985 ) is the crown prince of Tonga . Tupoutoʻa ʻUlukalala became heir apparent to the throne in March 2012 upon the accession of his father , Tupou VI , as King of Tonga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea_at_the_2015_Summer_Universiade", "text": "South Korea participated at the 2015 Summer Universiade in Gwangju , South Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivan_Tukhtachev", "text": "Ivan Tukhtachev ( 13 July 1989 , Angarsk ) is a Russian middle-distance runner . At the 2012 Summer Olympics , he competed in the Men 's 800 metres . In 2009 , he won the 1500 m at the European under-23 championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crayford_railway_station", "text": "Crayford railway station is in the London Borough of Bexley in south-east London , in Travelcard Zone 6 . It is 15 miles 25 chains ( 24.6 km ) down the line from London Charing Cross . The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern . Down trains run eastbound to Dartford , Gravesend and to London Cannon Street via Slade Green , and up trains run westbound to Cannon Street and London Charing Cross via Lewisham . Ticket barriers are in operation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/America_East_Conference", "text": "The America East Conference is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA Division I , whose members are located mainly in the Northeastern United States , specifically New England . Its nine members include the public flagship universities of three states , and one private university ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Rosaria_Omaggio", "text": "Maria Rosaria Omaggio ( born 11 January 1957 ) is an Italian actress and writer . Born in Rome , Maria Rosaria Omaggio debuted in 1973 in the Italian show Canzonissima . In 1976 she made her film debut with two poliziotteschi alongside Tomas Milian , Rome Armed to the Teeth and The Cop in Blue Jeans , and later starred in numerous films and TV series . She is also active on stage , and in 2011 celebrated her 25th year in theater with the recital Omaggio a voi . Her latest film is Walesa . Man of Hope ( 2013 ) , directed by Andrzej Wajda , where she stars as Oriana Fallaci . She is a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwen_Jorgensen", "text": "Gwen Rosemary Jorgensen ( born April 25 , 1986 in Waukesha , Wisconsin ) is an American distance runner and former professional triathlete . She is the 2014 and 2015 ITU World Triathlon Series Champion . She has been named USA Triathlon 's 2013 and 2014 Olympic/ITU Female Athlete of the Year . She was a member of the 2012 Olympic Team and again represented the United States in triathlon at the 2016 Summer Olympics , where she won the USA 's first ever triathlon gold medal with a time of 1 hour , 56 minutes , and 16 seconds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Fly_(soundtrack)", "text": "Super Fly is the third studio album by American soul musician Curtis Mayfield , released in July 1972 on Curtom Records . It was released as the soundtrack for the Blaxploitation film of the same name . Widely considered a classic of 1970s soul and funk music , Super Fly was a nearly immediate hit . Its sales were bolstered by two million-selling singles , Freddie 's Dead ( number 2 R & B charts , number 4 Pop charts ) and the title track ( number 5 R & B , number 8 Pop ) . Super Fly is one of the few soundtracks to out-gross the film it accompanied . Super Fly , along with Marvin Gaye 's What 's Going On ( 1971 ) , was one of the pioneering soul concept albums , with its then-unique socially aware lyrics about poverty and drug abuse making the album stand out . The film and the soundtrack may be perceived as dissonant , since the film holds rather ambiguous views on drug dealers , whereas Curtis Mayfield 's position is far more critical . Like What 's Going On , the album was a surprise hit that record executives felt had little chance at significant sales . Due to its success , Mayfield was tapped for several film soundtracks over the course of the decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elmwood_Park,_New_Jersey", "text": "Elmwood Park is a borough in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the borough 's population was 19,403 , reflecting an increase of 478 ( +2.5% ) from the 18,925 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 1,302 ( +7.4% ) from the 17,623 counted in the 1990 Census . Prior to 1916 , the area was known as Dundee Lake , a section of Saddle River Township . Residents of the Dundee Lake area voted on April 18 , 1916 , to secede from Saddle River Township to form the Borough of East Paterson . In 1917 , residents of the Rosemont section of Saddle River Township voted to be annexed to East Paterson . In November 1972 , residents voted to change the name of the borough to Elmwood Park . The new name became official on January 1 , 1973 . Elmwood Park , being located in Bergen County , has strict blue laws , which require most retailers to be closed on Sunday ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Limetown_(TV_series)", "text": "Limetown is a Canadian drama web television series , based on the podcast of the same name created by Zack Akers and Skip Bronkie , that premiered on Facebook Watch on October 16 , 2019 . The series stars Jessica Biel and Stanley Tucci . On January 16 , 2020 , Facebook Watch canceled the series after one season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paramount_Pictures", "text": "Paramount Pictures Corporation ( also known simply as Paramount ) is an American film studio that is a subsidiary of ViacomCBS . It is the fifth oldest surviving film studio in the world , the second oldest in the United States , and the sole member of the Big Five film studios still located in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Hollywood . In 1916 , film producer Adolph Zukor put 22 actors and actresses under contract and honored each with a star on the logo . In 2014 , Paramount Pictures became the first major Hollywood studio to distribute all of its films in digital form only . The company 's headquarters and studios are located at 5555 Melrose Avenue , Hollywood , California , United States . Paramount Pictures is a member of the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/86th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 86th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2013 and took place on March 2 , 2014 , at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . The ceremony was scheduled well after its usual late-February date to avoid conflicting with the 2014 Winter Olympics . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Neil Meron and Craig Zadan and directed by Hamish Hamilton . Actress Ellen DeGeneres hosted the show for the second time , having previously hosted the 79th ceremony held in 2007 . In related events , the Academy held its 5th annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 16 , 2013 . On February 15 , 2014 , in a ceremony at The Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by hosts Kristen Bell and Michael B. Jordan . 12 Years a Slave won three awards including Best Picture . Gravity won the most awards with seven including Best Director for Alfonso Cuarón . Other winners included Dallas Buyers Club also with three awards , Frozen , and The Great Gatsby with two , and Blue Jasmine , The Great Beauty , Helium , Her , The Lady in Number 6 , Mr Hublot , and 20 Feet from Stardom with one . The telecast garnered nearly 44 million viewers in the United States , making it the most watched Oscar ceremony since the 72nd Academy Awards in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fredrikstad_FK", "text": "Fredrikstad Fotballklubb ( also known as Fredrikstad or FFK ) is a Norwegian football club from the town of Fredrikstad . With nine league championships and eleven Norwegian Cup wins , FFK is one of the most successful clubs in Norwegian football . The club was founded in 1903 . After suffering relegation from the then 1. divisjon in 1984 , Fredrikstad spent 18 years outside the top flight , before returning to the top division in 2003 after two successive promotions . Fredrikstad stadion was FFK 's home ground between 1914 and 2006 . However , its facilities were outdated and the club moved to a new stadium on the other side of river Glomma . Their new ground is located in a former shipyard , incorporating parts of the old buildings in the two sidestands . FFK draw great support from their area and the official supporter club 's name is Plankehaugen . More than 100 coaches filled with fans followed FFK to the cup final of 2006 . The club 's supporters includes an Ultras section , Supras Fredrikstad . The club had for some years a casuals mob , Brigade Rød-Hvit ( Brigade Red - White ) which was active in the hooligan scene in Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Asheville_(PG-21)", "text": "USS Asheville ( Gunboat No . 21/PG-21 ) , the lead ship in her class of two United States Navy gunboats , was the first ship of the United States Navy named for the city of Asheville , North Carolina . The ship was built at the Charleston Naval Shipyard of North Charleston , South Carolina , from her keel laying in June 1918 , her launching in July 1918 , and her commissioning in July 1920 . Asheville began her career in the early 1920s on power-projection missions ( showing the flag ) in Central America . After her 1922 conversion to oil power from coal , Asheville sailed through the Mediterranean and the Indian Ocean to join the Asiatic Fleet in the Philippines . She spent the rest of the 1920s protecting American interests and showing the flag in China . Between 1929 and 1931 , Asheville protected American lives and property in Nicaragua . She returned to the Asiatic Fleet and protected American interests as the Second Sino-Japanese War began . With increasing tensions with Japan , Asheville was withdrawn to the Philippines in the summer of 1941 , where she performed local patrol duty . After the American entry into World War II and the Japanese attacks on the Philippines , Asheville , and most of the surface ships in the Philippines , moved to Java to defend the Malay Barrier against the Japanese advance . When the Allied defense crumbled in early March , the remaining American ships were ordered to retreat to Australia . Sailing alone , Asheville was spotted , attacked , and sunk south of Java by a Japanese surface force of a heavy cruiser and two destroyers on 3 March 1942 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Command_(India)", "text": "Southern Command is a formation of the Indian Army , active since 1895 . It has seen action during the integration of several Princely States into modern India , during the 1961 Indian Annexation of Goa , and during the 1965 and 1971 Indo-Pakistani Wars . Lieutenant General C P Mohanty is the current Southern Army Commander ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Presets", "text": "The Presets are an Australian electronic music duo of Julian Hamilton ( vocals , keyboards ) and Kim Moyes ( drums , keyboards ) . Formed in 2003 and signed to Modular Records , The Presets released two EPs ( Blow Up , Girl and the Sea ) in advance of their debut album , Beams , released in 2005 to positive critical response . After two years of touring , including as the Australian support for Daft Punk , the band 's 2008 release , Apocalypso , debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart , and went on to win six awards at ARIA Awards 2008 , including Album of the Year . In 2009 Hamilton and Moyes won an APRA Award for Songwriters of the Year and another ARIA Award , this time for Best Dance Release for Talk Like That . They released their third album , Pacifica , in Australia in September 2012 . It reached No . 3 on the ARIA Albums Chart . Their fourth album , Hi Viz , was released in June 2018 . The Presets are known for their dynamic live shows . Aside from the Presets ' extensive performance work , the duo has remixed tracks for several other artists including Kings of Leon , Silverchair and Lenny Kravitz . The Presets are recognized as key players in the dance music explosion in Australia in the late 2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Clapton", "text": "Eric Patrick Clapton , CBE ( born 30 March 1945 ) is an English rock and blues guitarist , singer , and songwriter . He is the only three-time inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame : once as a solo artist and separately as a member of the Yardbirds and of Cream . Clapton has been referred to as one of the most important and influential guitarists of all time . Clapton ranked second in Rolling Stone 's list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time and fourth in Gibson 's Top 50 Guitarists of All Time . He was also named number five in Time magazine 's list of The 10 Best Electric Guitar Players in 2009 . In the mid-1960s Clapton left the Yardbirds to play with John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers . Immediately after leaving Mayall , Clapton formed the power trio Cream with drummer Ginger Baker and bassist Jack Bruce , in which Clapton played sustained blues improvisations and arty , blues-based psychedelic pop . After Cream broke up , he formed blues rock band Blind Faith with Baker , Steve Winwood , and Ric Grech . Clapton 's solo career began in the 1970s , where his work bore the influence of the mellow style of J. J. Cale and the reggae of Bob Marley . His version of Marley 's I Shot the Sheriff helped reggae reach a mass market . Two of his most popular recordings were Layla , recorded with Derek and the Dominos ; and Robert Johnson 's Crossroads , recorded with Cream . Following the death of his son Conor in 1991 , Clapton 's grief was expressed in the song Tears in Heaven , which appeared on his Unplugged album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USD", "text": "The United States dollar ( sign : $ ; code : USD ; also abbreviated US $ and referred to as the dollar , U.S. dollar , or American dollar ) is the official currency of the United States and its territories per the Coinage Act of 1792 . One dollar is divided into 100 cents ( Symbol : ¢ ) or 1000 mills ( for accounting purposes and for taxing . Symbol : ₥ ) . The Coinage Act of 1792 created a decimal currency by creating the following coins : tenth dollar , one-twentieth dollar , one-hundredth dollar . In addition the act created the dollar , half dollar , and quarter dollar coins . All of these coins are still minted in 2020 . In addition , several forms of paper money were introduced by Congress over the years . The latest of these , the Federal Reserve Note , was authorized by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , while all existing U.S. currency remains legal tender . Issuance of the previous form of the currency ( U.S. notes ) was discontinued in January 1971 . As a result , currently circulating paper money consists primarily of Federal Reserve Notes that are denominated in United States dollars ( 12 U.S.C . § 418 ) . Since the suspension in 1971 of convertibility of paper U.S. currency into any precious metal , the U.S. dollar is de facto fiat money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Conway", "text": "Thomas Daniel Tim Conway ( December 15 , 1933 - May 14 , 2019 ) was an American actor , comedian , writer , and director . From 1966 to 2012 he appeared in more than 20 TV shows , TV series and films . Among his more notable roles , he portrayed the inept Ensign Parker in the 1960s World War II TV situation comedy McHale 's Navy , was a regular cast member ( 1975-1978 ) on the TV comedy The Carol Burnett Show where he portrayed his recurrent iconic characters Mister Tudball , the Oldest Man and the Dumb Private , co-starred with Don Knotts in several films ( 1979-80 ) , was the title character in the Dorf series of eight sports comedy direct-to-video films ( 1987-1996 ) , and provided the voice of Barnacle Boy in the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants ( 1999-2012 ) . Twice , in 1970 and in 1980-1981 , he had his own TV series . Conway was admired for his ability to depart from scripts with humorous ad libs and gestures , which frequently caused others in the skit to break character while attempting to control their surprise and laughter . He won six Primetime Emmy Awards during his career , four of which were awarded for The Carol Burnett Show , including one for writing . Conway was diagnosed with normal pressure hydrocephalus in 2018 and had brain surgery , but his health continued to deteriorate and he died on May 14 , 2019 from complications of that condition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kevin_Martin_(basketball,_born_1975)", "text": "Kevin Martin ( born August 2 , 1975 ) is an American former basketball player . He was the Big South Conference Player of the Year in 1999 as a collegian at the University of North Carolina at Asheville and played professionally in Finland . Martin , a 6 ' 5 forward from Westerville , Ohio , teamed with Shaun Stonerook to lead Westerville North High School to the 1994 Ohio Division I state championship . From there , Martin committed to walk-on at nearby Ohio State University . As a walk-on , Martin played a bigger role than expected , averaging 16.1 minutes and 7.6 points per game and even started four games for the Buckeyes in the 1994-95 season . In the offseason , Martin chose to transfer to a school where he could expect more playing time , ultimately settling on UNC Asheville . At Asheville , Martin enjoyed a standout career under coach Eddie Biedenbach . The Bulldogs won the Big South Conference regular season title in both 1997-98 and 1998-99 , and Martin was named to the 1999 all-conference team after averaging 13.4 points and 5.2 rebounds per game . As a senior , Martin broke out , averaging 21.9 points per game to lead the conference in scoring . He repeated on the all-conference team and was honored as Big South Player of the Year . In his career , Martin scored 1,340 points in three seasons . After going undrafted in the 1999 NBA draft , Martin played the 1999-2000 season with Äänekosken Huima in Finland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christopher_C._Bowen", "text": "Christopher Columbus Bowen ( January 5 , 1832 - June 23 , 1880 ) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinshasa", "text": "Kinshasa ( /kɪnˈʃɑːsə/ ; French : [ kinʃasa ] ) , formerly Léopoldville ( Dutch : Leopoldstad ) , is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The city is situated alongside the Congo River . Once a site of fishing and trading villages , Kinshasa is now a megacity with an estimated population of more than 11 million . It faces Brazzaville , the capital of the neighbouring Republic of the Congo , which can be seen in the distance across the wide Congo River , making them the world 's second-closest pair of capital cities after Rome and Vatican City . The city of Kinshasa is also one of the DRC 's 26 provinces . Because the administrative boundaries of the city-province cover a vast area , over 90 percent of the city-province 's land is rural in nature , and the urban area occupies a small but expanding section on the western side . Kinshasa is Africa 's third-largest urban area after Cairo and Lagos . It is also the world 's largest Francophone urban area ( surpassing Paris in population ) , with French being the language of government , schools , newspapers , public services , and high-end commerce in the city , while Lingala is used as a lingua franca in the street . Kinshasa hosted the 14th Francophonie Summit in October 2012 . Residents of Kinshasa are known as Kinois ( in French and sometimes in English ) or Kinshasans ( English ) . The indigenous people of the area include the Humbu [ fr ] and Teke ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jundiaí", "text": "Jundiaí is a municipality in the state of São Paulo , in the Southeast Region of Brazil , located 57 kilometres ( 35 mi ) north of São Paulo . The population of the city is 401,896 ( 2015 est . ) , with an area of 431.21 km² . The elevation is 761 m. The GDP of the city is U $ 16.6 billion ( R $ 36.6 billion ) . The budget for 2013 is U $ 787 million ( R $ 1.63 billion ) , according to the official data of the City Hall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bay_of_Bengal", "text": "The Bay of Bengal is the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean , bounded on the west and northwest by India , on the north by Bangladesh , and on the east by Myanmar and the Andaman Islands of India and Myanmar and the Nicobar Islands of India . Its southern limit is a line between Sri Lanka and the north westernmost point of Sumatra ( Indonesia ) . It is the largest water region called a bay in the world . There are countries dependent on the Bay of Bengal in South Asia and Southeast Asia . The Bay of Bengal occupies an area of 2,172,000 square kilometres ( 839,000 sq mi ) . A number of large rivers flow into the Bay of Bengal : the Ganges-Hooghly , the Padma , the Brahmaputra-Jamuna , the Barak-Surma-Meghna , the Irrawaddy , the Godavari , the Mahanadi , the Brahmani , the Baitarani , the Krishna and the Kaveri . Among the important ports are Chennai-Ennore , Chittagong , Colombo , Kolkata-Haldia , Mongla , Paradip , Port Blair , Tuticorin , Visakhapatnam and Dhamra . Among the smaller ports are Gopalpur Port , Kakinada and Payra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carora", "text": "The City of Carora , commonly called Carora City ( CRRC ) , also known in English and sometimes in Spanish as Carohana City ( CHC ) or simply Carora ( CRR ) and Carohana ( CH ) , is a city in Lara State , Venezuela , on the Morere River , a branch of the Tocuyo River . It is about 54 miles southwest of Barquisimeto . Carora was founded twice . The first time , in the year 1569 by Juan de Tejo , but due to constant attacks from the indigenous population , it was abandoned , only to be refounded three years later ( 1572 ) by Juan de Salmanca . Carora flourished in colonial times having a population of nearly 10,000 . As of 1911 , the neighboring country was devoted principally to raising horses , mules and cattle ; in addition to hides and leather , it exported rubber and other forest products . As of 2005 the main economic activity of the area is still cattle ranching , but on milk production and milk products . In the 1990s grapes and wine making became important ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Courage_the_Cowardly_Dog_characters", "text": "This is a list of characters from the Cartoon Network animated series , Courage the Cowardly Dog ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Johnstone_F.C.", "text": "St Johnstone Football Club is a professional football club in Perth , Scotland . The name of the football club derives from St. John 's Toun - the old name of Perth . Although it is officially recorded as being formed in 1884 , the club did not play its first game until February 1885 . The club 's home since 1989 has been McDiarmid Park . The club 's first Scottish Cup appearance was in 1886-87 and they joined the Scottish Football League in 1911-12 . St Johnstone won the Scottish Football League First Division , the second tier of league football in Scotland , in 2008-09 . This gained them promotion to the Scottish Premier League , bringing a return of SPL football to McDiarmid Park for the 2009-10 campaign after a seven-year absence . The club have historically floated between the top two divisions of Scottish football , obtaining the reputation of being a yo-yo club . Their traditional rivals are the two Dundee clubs , Dundee and Dundee United , with matches between St Johnstone and either Dundee club being called Tayside derbies . The club has had limited success in cup competitions . After losing at the semi-finals stage on numerous occasions , the club won their first Scottish Cup in 2014 with a 2-0 win against Dundee United . It has reached two Scottish League Cup Finals ( in 1969 and 1998 ) , losing them to each of the Old Firm clubs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Negeri_Sembilan_FA", "text": "Negeri Sembilan Football Association or simply known as Negeri Sembilan is a Malaysian professional football club based in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan that competes in the Malaysia Premier League . Founded in 1923 , the club 's home ground Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium . Negeri Sembilan won their first major honour in 1948 Malaysia Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfredo_Baquerizo_Moreno_(town)", "text": "Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno is a town located in Guayas province in Ecuador . It lies along the boundary between Guayas and Los Ríos provinces . Its official name was given in honor of Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno ( 1859 - 1951 ) , who served three times as the president of Ecuador . It is also known as Juján , a name is taken from a local tree . It was founded in 1892 by José Domingo Delgado ( 1844-1938 ) . The official population estimate as of 1995 was 7,301 and as of 2009 its population is calculated to be 17,512 . It is the seat of the Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno canton ( also known as Juján ) , which was created in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petaling_Jaya", "text": "Petaling Jaya ( commonly called PJ by locals ) is a major Malaysian city originally developed as a satellite township for Kuala Lumpur . It is located in the Petaling District of Selangor with an area of approximately 97.2 square kilometres ( 37.5 sq mi ) . Petaling Jaya was granted city status on 20 June 2006 . Petaling Jaya is surrounded by the Malaysian capital , Kuala Lumpur to the east , Sungai Buloh to the north , Shah Alam , the capital of Selangor and Subang Jaya to the west and Bandar Kinrara ( Puchong ) to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Riverstone,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Riverstone ( /raɪvˈaɪərˈstɒn/ ) ( postcode : 2765 ) is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Riverstone is located 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) north-west of the Sydney central business district , in the Blacktown local government area ; part of the Greater Western Sydney region . Originally settled in 1803 as part of a government stock farm , Riverstone is one of the oldest towns in Australia . As at the 2016 census , Riverstone had an estimated population of 7,247 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kiboga_District", "text": "Kiboga District is a district in the Central Region of Uganda . The town of Kiboga is the site of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cedar_Point_&_Lake_Erie_Railroad", "text": "The Cedar Point & Lake Erie Railroad is a 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow gauge passenger railroad at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Java", "text": "East Java ( Indonesian : Jawa Timur ) is a province of Indonesia . It has a land border only with the province of Central Java to the west ; the Java Sea and the Indian Ocean border its northern and southern coasts , respectively , while the narrow Bali Strait to the east separates Java from Bali . Located in eastern Java , it also includes the island of Madura , which is connected to Java by the longest bridge in Indonesia , the Suramadu Bridge , as well as the Kangean and Masalembu archipelagos located further east and north , respectively . Its capital is Surabaya , the second largest city in Indonesia and a major industrial center . Banyuwangi is the largest regency in East Java and the largest on the island of Java . The province covers an area of 47,800 km2 , According to the 2010 Census , there were 37,476,757 people residing in the East Java , making it Indonesia 's second-most-populous province ; the latest official estimate ( for mid 2019 ) is 39,744,800 . East Java is inhabited by many different ethnic groups , such as the Javanese , Madurese and Chinese . Most of the people in East Java adheres to Islam , forming around 96% of the total population . Other religions are also worshipped , such as Christianity , which are mostly worshipped by Chinese Indonesians and immigrants from Eastern Indonesia and North Sumatra , and also Hinduism which are mostly worshipped by the Tenggerese people in the Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park and the Balinese people inhabiting the easternmost part of the province bordering Bali . The Indonesian language is the official language of the province as well as the whole nation , but Javanese and Madurese are the most frequently used language . Indonesian is only used for inter-ethnic communication and official purposes . East Java is one of the provinces in Indonesia that offers different types of tourist attractions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laurentides", "text": "The Laurentides ( French pronunciation : ​ [ lɔʁɑ̃tid ] ) is a region of Quebec . While it is often called the Laurentians in English , the region includes only part of the Laurentian mountains . It has a total land area of 20,779.19 km2 ( 8,022.89 sq mi ) and its population was 589,400 inhabitants as of the 2016 Census . The area was inhabited by the Montagnais First Nations tribe , until French Canadians settled it in the first half of the 19th century , establishing an agricultural presence throughout the valleys . During the 20th century , the area also became a popular tourist destination , based on a cottage and lake culture in the summer , and a downhill and cross-country ski culture in the winter . Ski resorts include Saint-Sauveur and Mont Tremblant . The Laurentides offer a weekend escape for Montrealers and tourists from New England to Ontario , and with the building of a major highway through the area in the 1970s ( Autoroute 15 ) , the area has experienced a lot of growth . Its largest city is Saint-Jérôme , in its extreme southeast , with a 2011 census population of 68,456 inhabitants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koramangala", "text": "Koramangala is situated in the south-eastern part of the city , it is one of the largest neighborhoods , and is a highly sought residential locality with wide , tree-lined boulevards and a mix of luxury apartments , commercial structures , and posh bungalows . Planned as a suburb post-independence , its location between Bangalore and Electronic City attracted migrants from across the country during Bangalore 's tech boom of the late 1990s . Consequently , it has gradually developed into a commercial hub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Story_(1973_TV_series)", "text": "Love Story is an American dramatic anthology television series focused on stories of romance . It aired from October 3 , 1973 , to January 2 , 1974 , on NBC . Love Story was the second American television series of the name , the first having been the DuMont Television Network 's anthology series Love Story , which aired in 1954 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryan_Fowler", "text": "Ryan Omead Fowler ( born May 20 , 1982 in Redington Shores , Florida ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys , Tennessee Titans and New York Jets . He played college football at Duke University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackie_McLean", "text": "John Lenwood Jackie McLean ( May 17 , 1931 - March 31 , 2006 ) was an American jazz alto saxophonist , composer , bandleader , and educator , and is one of the few musicians to be elected to the DownBeat Hall of Fame in the year of their death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pedaeosaurus", "text": "Pedaeosaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsids . Fossils have been found from the Fremouw Formation in the southern Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica . Pedaeosaurus has traditionally been classified as a scaloposaurid and more recently as an ericiolacertid closely related to Ericiolacerta ( also from the Fremouw Formation ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guildford_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Guildford is a constituency [ n 1 ] in Surrey represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2019 by Angela Richardson , a Conservative . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Illinois", "text": "Illinois ( /ˌɪləˈnɔɪ/ ( listen ) IL-ə-NOY ) is a state in the Midwestern and Great Lakes Regions of the United States . It has the fifth largest gross domestic product ( GDP ) , the sixth largest population , and the 25th largest land area of all U.S. states . Illinois has been noted as a microcosm of the entire United States . With Chicago in northeastern Illinois , small industrial cities and immense agricultural productivity in the north and center of the state , and natural resources such as coal , timber , and petroleum in the south , Illinois has a diverse economic base , and is a major transportation hub . Chicagoland , Chicago 's metropolitan area , encompasses over 65% of the state 's population . The Port of Chicago connects the state to international ports via two main routes : from the Great Lakes , via the Saint Lawrence Seaway , to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River , via the Illinois Waterway to the Illinois River . The Mississippi River , the Ohio River , and the Wabash River form parts of the boundaries of Illinois . For decades , Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world 's busiest airports . Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and , through the 1980s , in politics . The capital of Illinois is Springfield , which is located in the central part of the state . Although today Illinois 's largest population center is in its northeast , the state 's European population grew first in the west as the French settled lands near the Mississippi River , when the region was known as Illinois Country and was part of New France . Following the American Revolutionary War , American settlers began arriving from Kentucky in the 1780s via the Ohio River , and the population grew from south to north ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rise_2:_Resurrection", "text": "Rise 2 : Resurrection [ a ] is a fighting game developed by Mirage Media and published by Acclaim Entertainment in 1996 . The game is a sequel to Rise of the Robots , and improves on the first game 's graphics , rendering and animation ; hits give off metal scraps and electrical arcs progressively run over the bodies of damaged robots . The in-game music features hard-rock themed music by Tom Grimshaw at Mirage , and a theme by Queen 's guitarist Brian May entitled Cyborg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estuary,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Estuary is a hamlet in Deer Forks Rural Municipality No . 232 , Saskatchewan , Canada . Nothing or very little remains of the former village of 800 , but a private residence and a pioneer cemetery on a small hill known as Cemetery Hill , overlooking the South Saskatchewan River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WWE", "text": "World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc. , d/b/a WWE , is an American integrated media and entertainment company that is primarily known for professional wrestling . WWE has also branched out into other fields , including movies , football , and various other business ventures . The WWE name also refers to the professional wrestling promotion itself , founded in the 1950s as the Capitol Wrestling Corporation . As of 2019 , it is the largest wrestling promotion in the world , holding over 500 events a year , with the roster divided up into various globally traveling brands , and is available to about 36 million viewers in more than 150 countries . The company 's global headquarters is located in Stamford , Connecticut , with offices in major cities around the world . As in other professional wrestling promotions , WWE shows are not legitimate contests , but purely entertainment-based , featuring storyline-driven , scripted , and choreographed matches , though matches often include moves that can put performers at risk of injury , even death , if not performed correctly . This was first publicly acknowledged by WWE 's owner Vince McMahon in 1989 to avoid taxes from athletic commissions . Since the 1980s , WWE publicly has branded its product as sports entertainment , acknowledging the product 's roots in competitive sport and dramatic theater . The company 's majority owner is its chairman and CEO , Vince McMahon , who retains a 42% ownership of the company 's outstanding stock and 83% of the voting power . The current entity , incorporated on February 21 , 1980 , was previously known as Titan Sports , Inc. , which was founded that same year in South Yarmouth , Massachusetts . It acquired Capitol Wrestling Corporation Ltd. , the holding company for the World Wrestling Federation , in 1982 . Titan was renamed World Wrestling Federation , Inc. in 1998 , then World Wrestling Federation Entertainment , Inc. in 1999 , and finally the current World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc. in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenfield,_New_Zealand", "text": "Glenfield ( called Mayfield until 1912 ) is a suburb on Auckland 's North Shore in New Zealand . The population of central Glenfield was 4,791 in the 2013 census , an increase of 237 from 2006 . Glenfield North has an additional 4,311 people , and parts of the census area of Kaipatiki , with 4,560 people , might also be considered as part of Glenfield ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Socialite", "text": "A socialite is a person ( usually from a wealthy , or aristocratic background ) who plays a prominent role in high society . A socialite spends a significant amount of time attending various fashionable social gatherings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1910–11_Prima_Categoria", "text": "The 1910-11 Prima Categoria season was won by Pro Vercelli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cricket", "text": "Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the centre of which is a 20-metre ( 22-yard ) pitch with a wicket at each end , each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps . The batting side scores runs by striking the ball bowled at the wicket with the bat , while the bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this and dismiss each player ( so they are out ) . Means of dismissal include being bowled , when the ball hits the stumps and dislodges the bails , and by the fielding side catching the ball after it is hit by the bat , but before it hits the ground . When ten players have been dismissed , the innings ends and the teams swap roles . The game is adjudicated by two umpires , aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches . They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match 's statistical information . There are various formats ranging from Twenty20 , played over a few hours with each team batting for a single innings of 20 overs , to Test matches , played over five days with unlimited overs and the teams each batting for two innings of unlimited length . Traditionally cricketers play in all-white kit , but in limited overs cricket they wear club or team colours . In addition to the basic kit , some players wear protective gear to prevent injury caused by the ball , which is a hard , solid spheroid made of compressed leather with a slightly raised sewn seam enclosing a cork core which is layered with tightly wound string . Historically , cricket 's origins are uncertain and the earliest definite reference is in south-east England in the middle of the 16th century . It spread globally with the expansion of the British Empire , leading to the first international matches in the second half of the 19th century . The game 's governing body is the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , which has over 100 members , twelve of which are full members who play Test matches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Derbyshire", "text": "Derbyshire ( /ˈdɑːrbiʃər , -ʃɪər/ ) is a county in the East Midlands of England . A substantial portion of the Peak District National Park lies within Derbyshire , containing the southern extremity of the Pennine range of hills which extend into the north of the county . The county contains part of the National Forest , and borders on Greater Manchester to the northwest , West Yorkshire to the north , South Yorkshire to the northeast , Nottinghamshire to the east , Leicestershire to the southeast , Staffordshire to the west and southwest and Cheshire also to the west . Kinder Scout , at 636 metres ( 2,087 ft ) , is the highest point in the county , whilst Trent Meadows , where the River Trent leaves Derbyshire , is its lowest point at 27 metres ( 89 ft ) . :1 The River Derwent is the county 's longest river at 66 miles ( 106 km ) , and runs roughly north to south through the county . In 2003 the Ordnance Survey placed Church Flatts Farm at Coton in the Elms ( near Swadlincote ) as the furthest point from the sea in Great Britain . The city of Derby is a unitary authority area , but remains part of the ceremonial county of Derbyshire . The non-metropolitan county contains 30 towns with between 10,000 and 100,000 inhabitants . There is a large amount of sparsely populated agricultural upland : 75% of the population live in 25% of the area . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Gino_Penno", "text": "Gino Penno ( 1920-1998 ) was an Italian tenor , who enjoyed a short but brilliant career in opera in the 1950s . Penno was born in Felizzano , Italy , and studied with Ettore Campogalliani . After winning a singing competition , he entered the Scuola di Canto of the Teatro alla Scala in Milan . While still a student , he sang a number of comprimario roles , and appeared in his first leading role in 1950 , Floreski in Cherubini 's Lodoiska . In the early 1950s , he became known throughout Italy , as a highly competent heldentenor , singing Siegfried at the Verona Arena and Lohengrin in Rome . He also partnered the new diva Maria Callas in Norma , Macbeth , Il trovatore and Medea , in various theatres in Italy . In 1951 , his career took an international turn . He appeared at the Paris Opéra , the Liceo in Barcelona , the Monte Carlo Opera , the Metropolitan Opera in New York , and the Royal Opera House in London . By the end of the 1950s he was gone from the international opera scene . The reason of his retirement is unknown , different sources adduce health problems , a loss of voice , or a wish for a career as a lawyer . Penno died in Milan , on February 8 , 1998 , aged 77 . He can be heard on a few radio broadcasts from RAI , notably Ernani ( 1951 ) and Attila ( 1951 ) , opposite Caterina Mancini , and Macbeth ( 1952 ) and Medea ( 1953 ) , both with Callas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erik_Estrada", "text": "Henry Enrique Erik Estrada ( born March 16 , 1949 ) is an American actor , voice actor , and police officer known for his co-starring lead role as California Highway Patrol officer Francis ( Frank ) Llewelyn Ponch Poncherello in the police drama television series CHiPs , which ran from 1977 to 1983 . He later became known for his work in Spanish-language telenovelas , his appearances in reality television shows and infomercials and as a regular voice on the Adult Swim series Sealab 2021 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Welney", "text": "Welney is a village and civil parish in the Fens of England , and the county of Norfolk . The village is about 10 miles ( 16 km ) south-west of the town of Downham Market , 20 miles ( 30 km ) south of the town of King 's Lynn and 45 miles ( 70 km ) west of the city of Norwich . The county boundary with Cambridgeshire is adjacent , with the city of Cambridge 25 miles ( 40 km ) to the south . Welney is immediately to the west of the Old Bedford River , River Delph and New Bedford River , which are all parallel channels and are here crossed by the A1101 road . Welney is on the Ouse Washes , an area of wildlife conservation . WWT Welney , near the village , is a nature reserve in the care of the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust . Nearby , there are also the RSPB Ouse Washes , a reserve managed by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds . The parish covers an area of 8 square miles ( 20 km2 ) and had a population of 528 in 217 households at the 2001 census ; the population increased to 542 at the 2011 Census . [ citation needed ] For the purposes of local government , the parish falls within the district of King 's Lynn and West Norfolk . [ citation needed ] In the 14th century , Welney was called Wellenhe , meaning a river called Welle ( the old name of the Old Croft River ) . [ citation needed ] In the second half of the 19th century Welney became significant for its skaters . On 21 February 1855 , Turkey Smart of Welney became champion skater of the Fens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raquel_Sofía", "text": "Raquel Sofía is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter , as well as a Grammy and Latin Grammy Nominee . From 2012-2013 Sofía performed backing vocals to Juanes as well as Shakira and Jean Carlos Canela on tour . In 2013 , she was featured in advertisements for Target and in 2014 signed to Sony Music Latin releasing her first solo EP and debut album the following year . Raquel Sofía received a nomination for Best New Artist at the 16th Latin Grammy Awards . Before releasing an album , she had already written and performed with some of the most popular & influential artists in the Latin market , including Shakira & Juanes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-9", "text": "Patrol Squadron 9 ( VP-9 ) is a U.S. Navy patrol squadron with its homeport located at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island . As of 2018 , VP-9 is part of Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing Ten , Commander , Naval Air Forces , Pacific . The squadron was established on 15 March 1951 . It is the second squadron to be designated VP-9 , the first VP-9 was redesignated VP-12 on 1 July 1939 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stacey_Solomon", "text": "Stacey Chanelle Claire Solomon ( born 4 October 1989 ) is an English singer and television personality . In 2009 , she finished in third place on the sixth series of The X Factor , and gained a number one single on the UK Singles Chart when her fellow The X Factor finalists released a cover of You Are Not Alone . Solomon won the tenth series of I 'm a Celebrity . Get Me Out of Here ! . Her debut single , a cover of Driving Home for Christmas , was released on 19 December 2011 . Solomon then released her debut album Shy on 18 April 2015 . In September 2016 , she began appearing as a panellist on Loose Women and in November of the same year she presented the I 'm a Celebrity spin-off series I 'm a Celebrity : Extra Camp ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Faldo", "text": "Sir Nicholas Alexander Faldo , MBE ( born 18 July 1957 ) is an English professional golfer who is now mainly an on-air golf analyst . A top player of his era , renowned for his dedication to the game , he was ranked No . 1 on the Official World Golf Ranking for a total of 97 weeks . His 41 professional wins include 30 victories on the European Tour and six major championships : three Open Championships ( 1987 , 1990 , 1992 ) and three Masters ( 1989 , 1990 , 1996 ) . Faldo has since become a television pundit for major golf championships . In 2006 , he became the lead golf analyst for CBS Sports . In 2012 , Faldo joined the BBC Sport on-air team for coverage of the Open Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delhi", "text": "Delhi ( English : /ˈdɛli/ ; Hindi : [ ˈdɪlːi ] Dillī ; Punjabi : [ ˈdɪlːi ] Dillī ; Urdu : [ ˈdeɦli ] Dēhlī ) , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi ( NCT ) , is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi , the capital of India . It is bordered by the state of Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east . The NCT covers an area of 1,484 square kilometres ( 573 sq mi ) . According to the 2011 census , Delhi 's city proper population was over 11 million , the second-highest in India after Mumbai , while the whole NCT 's population was about 16.8 million . Delhi 's urban area is now considered to extend beyond the NCT boundaries , and include the neighbouring satellite cities of Ghaziabad , Faridabad , Gurgaon and Noida in an area now called National Capital Region ( NCR ) and had an estimated 2016 population of over 26 million people , making it the world 's second-largest urban area according to the United Nations . As of 2016 [ update ] , recent estimates of the metro economy of its urban area have ranked Delhi either the most or second-most productive metro area of India . Delhi is the second-wealthiest city in India after Mumbai and is home to 18 billionaires and 23,000 millionaires . Delhi ranks fifth among the Indian states and union territories in human development index . Delhi has the second-highest GDP per capita in India . Furthermore , it is considered one of the world 's most polluted cities by particulate matter concentration . Delhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BCE . Through most of its history , Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires , most notably the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughal Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Georgian national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Georgia and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation.In this team play most talented Georgian Footballers under 19 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boone_Township,_Harrison_County,_Indiana", "text": "Boone Township is one of 12 townships in Harrison County , Indiana , United States . As of the 2010 census , its population was 1,391 and it contained 628 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_Blues_(NL)", "text": "The Cleveland Blues was a Major League Baseball team based in Cleveland , Ohio that operated in the National League from 1879 to 1884 . In six seasons their best finish was third place in 1880 . Hugh Daily threw a no-hitter for the Blues on September 13 , 1883 . Besides Daily , notable Blues players included Baseball Hall of Fame member Ned Hanlon . The team was purchased by Charles Byrne in 1885 for $ 10,000 and folded into his Brooklyn Grays team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales", "text": "Charles , Prince of Wales ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 ) , is the heir apparent to the British throne as the eldest son of Elizabeth II . He has been Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay since 1952 , and he is the oldest and longest-serving heir apparent in British history . He is also the longest-serving Prince of Wales , having held that title since 1958 . Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child . Charles also spent a year at the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 . In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer , and they had two sons : Prince William ( b . 1982 ) and Prince Harry ( b . 1984 ) . In 1996 , the couple divorced following well-publicised extramarital affairs by both parties . Diana died as the result of a car crash in Paris the following year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gainsborough,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Gainsborough is a town in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the town was 20,842 at the 2011 census . It is situated on the River Trent , 18 miles ( 29 km ) north-west from the city and county town of Lincoln , 15 miles ( 24 km ) south-west of Scunthorpe , and 35 miles ( 56 km ) east of Sheffield . At one time it served as an important port with trade downstream to Hull , and was the most inland port in England , being more than 55 miles ( 90 km ) from the North Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conrad_Feger_Jackson", "text": "Conrad Feger Jackson ( September 11 , 1813 - December 13 , 1862 ) was a businessman and soldier from the state of Pennsylvania . He served as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in action during the Battle of Fredericksburg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hagerman,_Idaho", "text": "Hagerman is a town in Gooding County , Idaho , United States . The population was 872 at the 2010 census , up from 656 in 2000 . The area is noted for its fossil beds and the Thousand Springs of the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer . Hagerman is home to a national fish hatchery , a university research station , and extensive aquaculture , assisted by an abundance of geothermal water for temperature regulation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Kentucky_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Kentucky Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Kentucky in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Mattie Barker of Louisville was crowned Miss Kentucky Teen USA 2020 on February 1 , 2020 at The Center for Rural Development in Somerset . She will represent Kentucky for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linz", "text": "Linz ( /lɪnts , lɪnz/ , German : [ ˈlɪnts ] ; Czech : Linec ) is the third-largest city of Austria and capital and largest city of the state of Upper Austria ( German : Oberösterreich ) . It is in the north centre of Austria , approximately 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) south of the Czech border , on both sides of the river Danube . The population of the city is 205,726 , and that of the Greater Linz conurbation is about 789,811 . In 2009 Linz , together with the Lithuanian capital Vilnius , was chosen as the European Capital of Culture . Since 1 December 2014 Linz is a member of the UNESCO Creative Cities ( UCCN ) network as a City of Media Arts . Cities receive this title for enriching the urban lifestyle through the sponsorship and successful integration of media art and involving society in these electronic art forms . Linz is well known for the Linzer torte , which is said to be the oldest cake in the world , with its first recipe dating from 1653 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAF_Leuchars", "text": "Royal Air Force Leuchars or RAF Leuchars ( IATA : ADX , ICAO : EGQL ) was a Royal Air Force station located in Leuchars , Fife , on the east coast of Scotland . Throughout the Cold War and beyond , the station was home to fighter aircraft which policed northern UK airspace . The station ceased to be an RAF station at 12:00 hrs on 31 March 2015 when it became Leuchars Station and control of the site was transferred to the British Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arrows_Grand_Prix_International", "text": "Arrows Grand Prix International was a British Formula One team active from 1978 to 2002 . It was known as Footwork from 1991 to 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miffy", "text": "Miffy ( Dutch : Nijntje , pronounced [ ˈnɛiɲcə ] ) is a small female rabbit in a series of picture books drawn and written by Dutch artist Dick Bruna . The original Dutch name , Nijntje , is a shortening of the diminutive konijntje , little rabbit . The first Miffy book was produced in 1955 , and almost 30 others have followed . In total they have sold over 85 million copies , and led to two separate television series as well as items such as clothes and toys featuring the character . A feature-length film , Miffy the Movie , was released on 30 January 2013 . Four television series based on the character have been produced : Dick Bruna 's Miffy Storybook Classics : The Original Series , which ran from January 1 , 1984 until December 31 , 1992 on PBS in the United States , Miffy : Colors , Numbers , and Shapes , which ran January 1 , 1996 until December 31 , 1996 on Cartoon Network in the United States , Miffy and Friends , which ran from April 7 , 2002 until August 10 , 2008 on Noggin in the United States , and Miffy 's Adventures Big and Small , which premiered 2 October 2015 on PBS Kids in the United States . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Algiers_Eyalet", "text": "The regency of Algiers [ a ] ( in Arabic : Al Jazâ'ir ) , [ b ] was a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire in North Africa lasting from 1515 to 1830 , when it was conquered by the French . Situated between the regency of Tunis in the east and the Sultanate of Morocco ( from 1553 ) in the west ( and the Spanish and Portuguese possessions of North Africa ) , the Regency originally extended its borders from La Calle to the east to Trara in the west and from Algiers to Biskra , and after spread to the present eastern and western borders of Algeria . The Regency was governed by beylerbeys , pashas , aghas and deys , and was composed of various beyliks ( provinces ) under the authority of beys ( vassals ) : Constantine in the east , Medea in the Titteri and Mazouna , then Mascara and then Oran in the west . Each beylik was divided into various outan ( counties ) with at their head the caïds directly under the bey . To administer the interior of the country , the administration relied on the tribes said makhzen . These tribes were responsible for securing order and collecting taxes on the tributary regions of the country . It was through this system that , for three centuries , the State of Algiers extended its authority over the north of Algeria . However , society was still divided into tribes and dominated by maraboutics brotherhoods or local djouads ( nobles ) . Several regions of the country thus only lightly recognised the authority of Algiers . Throughout its history , they formed numerous revolts , confederations , tribal fiefs or sultanates that fought with the regency for control . Before 1830 , out of the 516 political units , a total of 200 principalities or tribes were considered independent because they controlled over 60% of the territory in Algeria and refused to pay taxes to Algiers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacramento_Kings", "text": "The Sacramento Kings are an American professional basketball team based in Sacramento , California . The Kings compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . The Kings are the only team in the major professional North American sports leagues located in Sacramento . The team plays its home games at the Golden 1 Center . Their best seasons to date in the city were in the early 2000s , including the 2001-02 season when they had the best record in the NBA at 61-21 ( a winning percentage of .744 ) . The Sacramento Kings are the latest and current version of one of the oldest continuously operating professional basketball franchises in the nation . They originated in Rochester , New York , as the Rochester Seagrams ( a semi-professional team ) in 1923 , hosting a number of teams there over the next 20 years . They joined the National Basketball League in 1945 as the renamed Rochester Royals , winning that league 's championship in their first season , 1945-46 . They later jumped with three other NBL teams to the Basketball Association of America , forerunner of the NBA , in 1948 . As the Royals , the team was often successful on the court , winning the NBA championship in 1951 . The team , however , found it increasingly difficult to turn a profit in the comparatively small market of Rochester and relocated to Cincinnati in 1957 , becoming the Cincinnati Royals . In 1972 the team relocated again , this time to Kansas City , Missouri , and was renamed the Kansas City-Omaha Kings because it initially split its home games between Kansas City and Omaha , Nebraska ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Air_Force_Falcons_football", "text": "The Air Force Falcons football program represents the United States Air Force Academy in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) level . Air Force has been a member of the Mountain West Conference since its founding in 1999 . The Falcons play their home games at Falcon Stadium in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Troy Calhoun has been the team 's head coach since 2007 . The three major service academies - Air Force , Army , and Navy - compete for the Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy , which is awarded to the academy that defeats the others in football that year ( or retained by the previous winner in the event of a three-way tie ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guangdong", "text": "Guangdong ( alternately romanized as Canton Province or Kwangtung ) is a coastal province in South China on the north shore of South China Sea . The capital of the province is Guangzhou . With a population of 113.46 million ( as of 2018 ) across a total area of about 179,800 km2 ( 69,400 sq mi ) , Guangdong is the most populous province of China and the 15th-largest by area . Its economy is larger than that of any other province in the nation and the 6th largest sub-national economy in the world with a GDP size of 1.47 trillion US dollars ( 9.73 trillion Chinese yuan ) in 2018 . The Pearl River Delta Economic Zone , a Chinese megalopolis , is a core for high technology , manufacturing and foreign trade . Located in this zone are two of the four top Chinese cities and the top two Chinese prefecture-level cities by GDP ; Guangzhou , the capital of the province , and Shenzhen , the first special economic zone in the country . These two are among the most populous and important cities in China , and have now become two of the world 's most populous megacities . The province of Guangdong surpassed Henan and Shandong to become the most populous province in China in January 2005 , registering 79.1 million permanent residents and 31 million migrants who lived in the province for at least six months of the year ; the total population was 104,303,132 in the 2010 census , accounting for 7.79 percent of Mainland China 's population . This makes it the most populous first-level administrative subdivision of any country outside of South Asia , as its population is surpassed only by those of the Pakistani province of Punjab and the Indian states of Bihar , Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh . Its population increase since the census has been modest , the province registering 108,500,000 people in 2015 . Most of the historical Guangdong Province is administered by the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) . However , the archipelagos of Pratas in the South China Sea are controlled by the Republic of China ( ROC , a.k.a ."}
{"title": "/wiki/How_the_Steel_Was_Tempered", "text": "How the Steel Was Tempered ( Russian : Как закалялась сталь , Kak zakalyalas ' stal ' ) or The Making of a Hero , is a socialist realist novel written by Nikolai Ostrovsky ( 1904-1936 ) . Pavel ( Pavka ) Korchagin is the central character ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mirassol_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Mirassol Futebol Clube , usually known simply as Mirassol is a Brazilian football club from Mirassol , São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beloit_International_Film_Festival", "text": "The Beloit International Film Festival ( BIFF ) is an annual film festival in Beloit , Wisconsin , usually held in mid-February . The first edition of the festival took place in 2006 . BIFF has evolved from a single weekend to now span 10 days and seven venues . Most venues are in downtown Beloit and within easy walking distance between each . With more than 300 volunteers , it is a community-wide effort , welcoming filmmakers from across the nation and around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAND_Corporation", "text": "RAND Corporation ( Research ANd Development ) is an American nonprofit global policy think tank created in 1948 by Douglas Aircraft Company to offer research and analysis to the United States Armed Forces . It is financed by the U.S. government and private endowment , corporations , universities and private individuals . The company has grown to assist other governments , international organizations , private companies and foundations , with a host of defense and non-defense issues , including healthcare . RAND aims for interdisciplinary and quantitative problem solving by translating theoretical concepts from formal economics and the physical sciences into novel applications in other areas , using applied science and operations research ."}
{"title": "/wiki/L.A._Park", "text": "Adolfo Margarito Tapia Ibarra ( born November 14 , 1965 ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado ( masked professional wrestler ) , who currently performs for Major League Wrestling and is best known throughout the world as La Parka , especially from his many years in the American World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) promotion . He has worked for every major and multiple minor wrestling promotions in Mexico , as well as wrestling in Japan . He is a three-time world champion , having held the IWC World Heavyweight , IWC World Hardcore and IWL World Heavyweight championships all at once . Tapia was forced to change his ring name from La Parka to L.A. Park ( short for La Auténtica Park ; The Original Park ) in early 2003 when Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) owner Antonio Peña asserted his copyright claims to the La Parka character , barring Tapia from using the name as he promoted his own version of the gimmick ( known as La Parka II among fans ) . In March 2010 , L.A. Park returned to AAA and started a storyline with AAA 's La Parka , pitting the original and the new La Parka against each other . At Triplemania XVIII , Park defeated La Parka and earned the rights to once again be known as La Parka . The result , however , was later thrown out . Tapia 's uncle changed his character to Super Parka after Tapia gained worldwide fame . Several of Tapia 's other relatives are professional wrestlers , including his brother El Hijo de Cien Caras , nephew Volador Jr. and great nephew Flyer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rings_on_Her_Fingers", "text": "Rings on Her Fingers is a 1942 American screwball comedy film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Henry Fonda and Gene Tierney . The screenplay concerns a poor man who gets mistaken for a millionaire and is swindled out of his life savings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._415_Squadron_RCAF", "text": "415 Long Range Patrol Force Development Squadron is an air squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force that first saw service during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ascoli_Piceno", "text": "Ascoli Piceno ( US : /ˌɑːskoʊli piːˈtʃeɪnoʊ/ AH-skoh-lee pee-CHAY-noh , Italian : [ ˈaskoli piˈtʃɛːno ] ( listen ) ; Latin : Asculum ) is a town and comune in the Marche region of Italy , capital of the province of the same name . Its population is around 48,278 but the urban area of the city has more than 93,000 . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Newcastle_upon_Tyne", "text": "Newcastle upon Tyne ( /ˌnjuːkɑːsəl -/ , locally /njuːˌkæsəl -/ ( listen ) ) , commonly known as Newcastle , is a city in Tyne and Wear , North East England , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of Edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of London on the northern bank of the River Tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the North Sea . Newcastle is the most populous city in the North East , and forms the core of the Tyneside conurbation , the eighth most populous urban area in the United Kingdom . Newcastle is a member of the UK Core Cities Group and is a member of the Eurocities network of European cities . Newcastle was part of the county of Northumberland until 1400 , when it became a county of itself , a status it retained until becoming part of Tyne and Wear in 1974 . The regional nickname and dialect for people from Newcastle and the surrounding area is Geordie . Newcastle also houses Newcastle University , a member of the Russell Group , as well as Northumbria University . The city developed around the Roman settlement Pons Aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by Robert Curthose , William the Conqueror 's eldest son . The city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area . The port developed in the 16th century and , along with the shipyards lower down the River Tyne , was amongst the world 's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres . Newcastle 's economy includes corporate headquarters , learning , digital technology , retail , tourism and cultural centres , from which the city contributes £13 billion towards the United Kingdom 's GVA . Among its icons are Newcastle United football club and the Tyne Bridge . Since 1981 the city has hosted the Great North Run , a half marathon which attracts over 57,000 runners each year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aldi", "text": "Aldi ( stylised as ALDI ) is the common brand of two German family-owned discount supermarket chains with over 10,000 stores in 20 countries , and an estimated combined turnover of more than €50 billion . Based in Germany , the chain was founded by brothers Karl and Theo Albrecht in 1946 when they took over their mother 's store in Essen . The business was split into two separate groups in 1960 , that later became Aldi Nord , headquartered in Essen , and Aldi Süd , headquartered in Mülheim . In 1962 , they introduced the name Aldi ( a syllabic abbreviation for Albrecht Diskont ) , which is pronounced [ ˈaldiː ] ( listen ) . In Germany , Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd have been financially and legally separate since 1966 , although both divisions ' names may appear as if they were a single enterprise with certain store brands or when negotiating with contractor companies . The formal business name is Aldi Einkauf GmbH & Compagnie , oHG . Aldi 's German operations consist of Aldi Nord 's 35 individual regional companies with about 2,500 stores in western , northern , and eastern Germany , and Aldi Süd 's 32 regional companies with 1,600 stores in western and southern Germany . Internationally , Aldi Nord operates in Denmark , France , the Benelux countries , Portugal , Spain and Poland , while Aldi Süd operates in Ireland , Great Britain , Hungary , Switzerland , Australia , China , Italy , Austria and Slovenia . Both Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd also operate in the United States with 1,600 stores as of 2017 ( and is the only country to have both of Aldi 's subsidiaries operating outside of Germany ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bent_(1997_film)", "text": "Bent is a 1997 British-Japanese drama film directed by Sean Mathias , based on the 1979 play of the same name by Martin Sherman , who also wrote the screenplay . It revolves around the persecution of homosexuals in Nazi Germany after the murder of SA leader Ernst Röhm on the Night of the Long Knives ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beaux-Arts_architecture", "text": "Beaux-Arts architecture ( /ˌboʊˈzɑːr/ ; French : [ bozaʁ ] ) was the academic architectural style taught at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris , particularly from the 1830s to the end of the 19th century . It drew upon the principles of French neoclassicism , but also incorporated Gothic and Renaissance elements , and used modern materials , such as iron and glass . It was an important style in France until the end of the 19th century . It also had a strong influence on architecture in the United States , because of the many prominent American architects who studied at the École des Beaux-Arts , including Henry Hobson Richardson , John Galen Howard , Daniel Burnham , and Louis Sullivan . :76"}
{"title": "/wiki/Lady_Blue_(TV_series)", "text": "Lady Blue is an American detective and action-adventure television series . Produced by David Gerber , it originally aired for one season on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) network from September 15 , 1985 , to January 25 , 1986 . It was picked up by ABC after its pilot aired as a television film on April 15 , 1985 . The show revolves around Chicago detective Katy Mahoney ( Jamie Rose ) and her violent methods of handling cases . The supporting cast includes Danny Aiello , Ron Dean , Diane Dorsey , Bruce A . Young , Nan Woods , and Ricardo Gutierrez . Johnny Depp also guest-starred on the series in one of his earliest roles . With cinematography by Jack Priestley , the episodes were filmed on location in Chicago . Television critics noted Lady Blue emphasis on violence , calling Mahoney Dirty Harriet ( after Clint Eastwood 's character Dirty Harry ) . Rose said she joined the project after being drawn to its genre . She prepared for the role by watching Eastwood 's films , received advice from Eastwood on how to handle a gun , and practiced at a shooting range . After the pilot aired , Lady Blue was criticized by several watchdog organizations ( particularly the National Coalition on Television Violence ) as the most violent show on television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gaylord,_Michigan", "text": "Gaylord is a city in and the county seat of Otsego County , Michigan , United States . The population was 3,645 at the 2010 census . The city is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaylord , the smallest settlement by far serving as the location of an active Roman Catholic cathedral in the United States . Gaylord styles itself as an alpine village and the city center features many buildings with Tyrolean traverse style motifs . Receiving abundant snowfall and experiencing mild summer temperatures , the area around Gaylord has long been known for its many skiing and golf resorts , one of the largest such concentrations in the Midwest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IS_Halmia", "text": "IS Halmia is a football club , located in Halmstad , Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phil_Stephenson", "text": "Phillip Raymond Stephenson ( born September 19 , 1960 ) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman . He played all or part of four seasons in the majors , from 1989 until 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India_national_handball_team", "text": "The India national handball team is the national handball team of India and is controlled by the Handball Federation of India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southoe", "text": "Southoe is a small village in Cambridgeshire , England . Southoe lies approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) south-west of Huntingdon on the A1 . Southoe is in the civil parish of Southoe and Midloe . Southoe is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England . The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Little Paxton . The church is central in the village and the south doorway contains parts that are of Norman origin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LionsXII", "text": "LionsXII ( Lions Twelve ) , also known as Singapore LIONSXII , was a Singaporean football club founded in 2011 that played in the Malaysian Liga Super , the top tier of Malaysian football between the 1934 season until their dissolution following the 2015 season . Their home ground was the 8,000-seat Jalan Besar Stadium , where they have played all their home matches since their establishment . Managed by the Football Association of Singapore , the squad marked the return of Singapore to the Malaysian football scene since Singapore FA ( nicknamed Lions ) dissolved following the Malaysia Cup in 1932 . The name is a combination of Lions and XII , which is a special tribute to the fans , who are generally recognised as football 's 12th Man . Its motto was For Country , For Fans . For Passion , For Football . For Makan , For Tulang Merah . For The Future , Forsake The Past . LionsXII 's home kit was in royal red , using the colours of the national flag . Their away kit was in blue , designed to evoke memories of the jersey used in the 1980s and earlier . The club emblem , designed to resemble a lion 's paw , showed a fierce and aggressive-looking fish between the white feathery lines . LionsXII 's first silverware was the 2013 Liga Super trophy , in only their second season in the competition ; they had finished second in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jarred_Cole", "text": "Jarred Cole ( born 28 June 2000 ) is an English professional darts player who currently in the Professional Darts Corporation events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium_women's_national_ice_hockey_team", "text": "The Belgian women 's national ice hockey team represents Belgium at the International Ice Hockey Federation 's IIHF World Women 's Championships . The women 's national team is controlled by Royal Belgian Ice Hockey Federation . As of 2011 , Belgium has 83 female players . The Belgian women 's national team is ranked 27th in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1993_NFL_season", "text": "The 1993 NFL season was the 74th regular season of the National Football League . It was the only season in league history where all NFL teams were scheduled to play their 16-game schedule over a span of 18 weeks ( the league again played 16 games over 18 weeks in 2001 , but this was not planned and instead was caused by the postponement of a week of games due to the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ) . After the success of expanding the regular season to a period of 17 weeks in 1990 , the league hoped this new schedule would generate even more revenue . This was also done to avoid scheduling playoff games on January 1 and competing with college football bowl games . However , teams felt that having two weeks off during the regular season was too disruptive for their weekly routines , and thus it reverted to 17 weeks immediately after the season ended . On March 1 , 1993 , the current free agent system was introduced to the league . When new TV contracts were signed in December 1993 , CBS lost their rights to broadcasting NFC games to the then seven-year old Fox Network ( which had just started up its own sports division ) , which took effect next season ; this ended a 37 year association with the NFL for CBS . The season ended with Super Bowl XXVIII when the Dallas Cowboys defeated the Buffalo Bills 30-13 for the second consecutive season at the Georgia Dome . This remains the only time both Super Bowl participants have been the same in successive seasons . The Cowboys became the first team to win a Super Bowl after losing their first two regular season games . This game also marked the fourth consecutive Super Bowl loss by the Bills , who remain the only team to reach four straight Super Bowls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quinn,_South_Dakota", "text": "Quinn is a town in Pennington County , South Dakota , United States . The population was 54 at the 2010 census . The town is the home of the Badlands Observatory , located in the former community hospital , built in 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Order_of_the_Solar_Temple", "text": "The Order of the Solar Temple , also known as Ordre du Temple Solaire ( OTS ) in French and the International Chivalric Organization of the Solar Tradition , or simply as The Solar Temple , is a cult and religious sect that claims to be based upon the ideals of the Knights Templar . OTS was started by Joseph Di Mambro and Luc Jouret in 1984 in Geneva as l'Ordre International Chevaleresque de Tradition Solaire ( OICTS ) and later renamed Ordre du Temple Solaire . Some historians allege that the Solar Temple originates with French author Jacques Breyer , who established a Sovereign Order of the Solar Temple in 1952 . In 1968 , a schismatic order was renamed the Renewed Order of the Solar Temple ( ROTS ) under the leadership of French right-wing political activist Julien Origas . The OTS is perhaps most notorious for being associated with a series of murders and mass suicides in 1994 and 1995 that claimed several dozen lives in France , Switzerland and Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Paul,_Minnesota", "text": "Saint Paul ( abbreviated St. Paul ) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota . As of 2018 , the city 's estimated population was 307,695 . Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County , the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota . The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Minneapolis , the state 's largest city . Known as the Twin Cities , the two form the core of Minneapolis-Saint Paul , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States , with about 3.6 million residents . Founded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center , the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849 . The Dakota name for Saint Paul is Imnizaska . Regionally , the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center , home of the Minnesota Wild , and for the Science Museum of Minnesota . As a business hub of the Upper Midwest , it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab . Saint Paul , along with its twin city , Minneapolis , is known for its high literacy rate . The settlement originally began at present-day Lambert 's Landing , but was known as Pig 's Eye after Pierre Pig 's Eye Parrant established a popular tavern there . When Lucien Galtier , the first Catholic pastor of the region , established the Log Chapel of Saint Paul ( shortly thereafter to become the first location of the Cathedral of Saint Paul ) , he made it known that the settlement was now to be called by that name , as Saint Paul as applied to a town or city was well appropriated , this monosyllable is short , sounds good , it is understood by all Christian denominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Governors_of_Arizona", "text": "The Governor of Arizona is the head of government and head of state of the U.S. state of Arizona . In their role as head of government , the governor is the head of the executive branch of the Arizona state government and is charged with enforcing state laws . The governor has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Arizona State Legislature ; to convene the legislature ; and to grant pardons , except in cases of impeachment . The governor is also the commander-in-chief of the state 's military forces . Twenty-two people have served as governor over 26 distinct terms . All of the repeat governors were in the state 's earliest years , when George W. P. Hunt and Thomas Edward Campbell alternated as governor for 17 years and , after a two-year gap , Hunt served another term . One governor , Evan Mecham , was successfully impeached , and one , Fife Symington , resigned upon being convicted of a felony . The longest-serving governor was Hunt , who was elected seven times and served just under fourteen years . The longest single stint was that of Bruce Babbitt , who was elected to two four-year terms after succeeding to the office following the death of his predecessor , Wesley Bolin , serving nearly nine years total . Bolin had the shortest tenure , dying less than five months after succeeding as governor . Four governors were actually born in Arizona : Campbell , Sidney Preston Osborn , Rose Mofford , and Babbitt . Arizona has had four female governors , the most in the United States , and is also the only state where female governors have served consecutively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wissigstock", "text": "The Wissigstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps . It lies on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Uri . The closest locality is Engelberg on the west side ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oxana_Kostina", "text": "Oksana Alexandrovna Kostina ( Russian : Оксана Александровна Костина ; 15 April 1972 - 11 February 1993 ) was a Soviet and Russian individual rhythmic gymnast . She was the 1992 World All-around champion and 1992 European All-around bronze medalist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Niagara_Falls,_ON", "text": "Niagara Falls is a city in Ontario , Canada . It is on the western bank of the Niagara River in the Golden Horseshoe region of Southern Ontario , with a population of 88,071 at the 2016 census . The municipality was incorporated on 12 June 1903 . Across the Niagara River is Niagara Falls , New York . The Niagara River flows over Niagara Falls at this location , creating a natural spectacle which attracts millions of tourists each year . The tourist area , which stretches along the Niagara Parkway and promenade , is particularly concentrated at the brink of the falls . Apart from the river 's natural attractions , it includes observation towers , high-rise hotels , souvenir shops , museums , indoor water parks , casinos and theatres , mostly with colourful neon billboards and advertisements . Farther to the north or south , golf courses are operated alongside historic sites from the War of 1812 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Triunfo_Canton", "text": "El Triunfo Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of El Triunfo . Its population at the 2001 census was 34,117 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yaroslav_Krushelnitskiy", "text": "Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy ( Russian : Ярослав Крушельницкий ; born 16 March 1983 ) is an Uzbekistani international football defender who currently plays for Andijan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whig_Party_(United_States)", "text": "The Whig Party was a political party active in the middle of the 19th century in the United States of America . Alongside the Democratic Party , it was one of the two major parties in the United States during the late 1830s , the 1840s , and the early 1850s , part of the Second Party System . Four U.S. presidents were affiliated with the Whig party for at least part of their respective terms . Other influential party leaders include Henry Clay , Daniel Webster , William Seward , John J. Crittenden , and Truman Smith . The Whigs emerged in the 1830s in opposition to President Andrew Jackson , pulling together former members of the National Republican Party , the Anti-Masonic Party , and disaffected Democrats . The Whigs had some links to the defunct Federalist Party , but the Whig Party was not a direct successor to that party and many Whig leaders , including Clay , had aligned with the rival Democratic-Republican Party . In the 1836 presidential election , four different Whig candidates received electoral votes , but the party failed to defeat Jackson 's chosen successor , Martin Van Buren . Whig nominee William Henry Harrison unseated Van Buren in the 1840 presidential election , but died just one month into his term . Harrison 's successor , John Tyler , was expelled from the party in 1841 after clashing with Clay and other Whig Party leaders over economic policies such as the re-establishment of a national bank . Clay won his party 's nomination in the 1844 presidential election but was defeated by Democrat James K. Polk , who subsequently presided over the Mexican-American War . Whig nominee Zachary Taylor won the 1848 presidential election , but Taylor died in 1850 and was succeeded by Millard Fillmore . Fillmore , Clay , Daniel Webster , and Democrat Stephen A. Douglas led the passage of the Compromise of 1850 , which helped to defuse sectional tensions in the aftermath of the Mexican-American War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chauncey_Forward", "text": "Chauncey Forward ( February 4 , 1793 - October 19 , 1839 ) was a Jacksonian member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sailing_at_the_1956_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad ( 1896 Olympics in Greece . With the exception of 1904 and the canceled 1916 Summer Olympics , sailing has always been included on the Olympic schedule . The Sailing program of 1956 consisted of a total of five sailing classes ( disciplines ) . For each class seven races were scheduled from 26 November to 5 December 1956 at Port Phillip Bay . The sailing was done on the triangular type Olympic courses . The start was made in the center of a set of 8 numbered marks that were places in a circle . During the starting procedure the sequence of the marks was communicated to the sailors . By picking the mark that was most upwind the start could always be made upwind . This system is , at least in certain German lakes , still in use ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gilmore_Girls", "text": "Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series , created by Amy Sherman-Palladino and starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel . The show debuted on October 5 , 2000 , on The WB and became a flagship series for the network . Gilmore Girls originally ran for seven seasons , the final season moving to The CW and ending its run on May 15 , 2007 . The show 's main focus is on the relationship between single mother , Lorelai Gilmore , and her daughter Rory , who live in Stars Hollow , Connecticut , a small fictional town filled with colorful characters . The series explores issues of family , romance , education , friendship , disappointment , and ambition , along with generational divides and social class , the latter themes manifesting through Lorelai 's difficult relationship with her high society parents , Emily and Richard , and Rory 's experiences at the elite , private high school Chilton and later on at Yale University . Sherman-Palladino , who served as showrunner for the majority of the series , infused Gilmore Girls with distinctive fast-paced dialogue filled with pop culture references . After season six , when the series moved to its new network , Sherman-Palladino left the show and was replaced by David S. Rosenthal for the final season . The series was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Television and filmed on the studio 's lot in Burbank , California . Television critics praised Gilmore Girls for its witty dialogue , cross-generational appeal , and effective mix of humor and drama . It never drew large ratings but was a relative success for The WB , peaking during season five as the network 's second most-popular show . The series has been in daily syndication since 2004 , while a growing and dedicated fandom has led to its status as a cult classic . Since coming off the air , Gilmore Girls has been cited in TV ( The Book ) and Time magazine as one of the 100 greatest television shows of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stanislaw_Lem", "text": "Stanisław Herman Lem ( Polish : [ staˈɲiswaf ˈlɛm ] ( listen ) ; 12 or 13 September 1921 - 27 March 2006 ) was a Polish writer of science fiction , philosophy , and satire , and a trained physician . Lem 's books have been translated into 41 languages and have sold over 45 million copies . From the 1950s to 2000s , he published many books , both science fiction and philosophical/futurological . He is best known as the author of the 1961 novel Solaris , which has been made into a feature film three times . In 1976 , Theodore Sturgeon wrote that Lem was the most widely read science fiction writer in the world . The total print of Lem 's books is over 30 million copies . Lem 's works explore philosophical themes through speculation on technology , the nature of intelligence , the impossibility of communication with and understanding of alien intelligence , despair about human limitations , and humanity 's place in the universe . They are sometimes presented as fiction , but others are in the form of essays or philosophical books . Translating his works is difficult due to passages with elaborate word formation , idiomatic wordplay , alien or robotic poetry , and puns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics in London , nine wrestling events were contested , all for men . There were four weight classes in Greco-Roman wrestling and five weight classes in freestyle wrestling . Greco-Roman reappeared for the first time since the 1896 Summer Olympics , with weight classes for the first time . The number of classes in freestyle was reduced from 7 to 5 , with the light fly , fly , and welterweight classes dropped but the middleweight added . The addition of the 4 Greco-Roman classes brought the total number of events in wrestling up to 9 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loonatics_Unleashed", "text": "Loonatics Unleashed is an American animated television series produced by Warner Bros . Animation that ran on Kids ' WB for two seasons from 2005 to 2007 in the United States , Teletoon in Canada , Kids Central ( now known as Okto ) in Singapore , Cartoon Network 's Boomerang in Australia , Cartoon Network in the UK , Italy , Southeast Asia , and Latin America , and Canal 5 in Mexico and rerun until September 15 , 2007 . It is still broadcasting in reruns on the Clan channel of the Televisión Española network in Spain . The series was based/inspired on the Looney Tunes cartoon characters , with the series described by Warner Bros. as an action-comedy . Loonatics Unleashed is meant to be a mixture of the Looney Tunes shorts ' irreverent style of humor and a modern action animated series , with the characters designed in a more action cartoon inspired style . Unlike previous Looney Tunes-related shows , Loonatics Unleashed has a darker tone and takes place in a post-apocalyptic setting , as well as multiple minor story arcs . The initial concept designs were met with a huge wave of criticism among fans and there were petitions to have the designs changed . Warner Bros. themselves have since considered this show to be a failure as well as an embarrassment . The Looney Tunes TV franchise went on hiatus after Loonatics Unleashed ended , until The Looney Tunes Show was released in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giancarlo_Fisichella", "text": "Giancarlo Fisichella ( Italian pronunciation : [ dʒaŋˈkarlo fiziˈkɛlla ] ; born 14 January 1973 ) , also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi , is an Italian professional racing driver . He has driven in Formula One for Minardi , Jordan , Benetton , Sauber , Renault , Force India and Ferrari . Since then he has driven for AF Corse in their Ferrari 458 GTE at various sportscar events , becoming twice a Le Mans 24 Hour class winner , and a GT class winner of the Petit Le Mans at Road Atlanta . He was also Ferrari 's F1 reserve driver for 2010 . Fisichella won three races in his Formula One career , the first of which was at the chaotic 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix , a race abandoned for safety reasons with 15 laps remaining . After several days of confusion regarding rules and technicalities , Fisichella was eventually declared the winner in the following week , and collected his trophy in an unofficial ceremony at the following race . He was brought into the Renault team to replace fellow Italian Jarno Trulli , and won his first race with the team in Australia in 2005 . However , after that race it was his teammate , the Spanish driver Fernando Alonso , that would win the greater share of races for Renault . Although highly rated as a driver , Fisichella was unable to keep pace with eventual champion Alonso , managing just one further race win following his debut . Outside of driving , he has backed his own GP2 team , FMS International . On 17 June 2012 Fisichella won the GTE Pro division of the Le Mans 24hrs for AF Corse and followed this up with the Manufacturers ' title in the WEC at the end of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Korea_Advanced_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology_Satellite_4", "text": "The Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology Satellite 4 ( Kaistsat 4 ) is an ultraviolet telescope in a satellite . It is funded by the Korea Aerospace Research Institute , and was launched on 27 September 2003 into an Earth orbit with a height between 675 and 695 km ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Nicholson_Mares'_Hurdle", "text": "The OLBG Mares ' Hurdle ( known as the David Nicholson Mares ' Hurdle until 2011 ) is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to mares aged four years or older . It is run on the Old Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs ( 2 miles , 3 furlongs and 200 yards , or 4,005 metres ) , and during its running there are ten hurdles to be jumped . The race is scheduled to take place each year during the Cheltenham Festival in March . The winner 's trophy for this event is named in memory of David Nicholson ( 1939-2006 ) , who was successful as both a jockey and a trainer in National Hunt racing . Nicholson 's record at the Cheltenham Festival included five victories as a jockey , and seventeen as a trainer . This race was established in 2008 , and in its inaugural year it was held on the final day of the Festival on Cheltenham 's New Course . It was switched to the opening day on the Old Course in 2009 . It was initially given Grade 2 status and was upgraded to Grade 1 status from the 2015 running ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-4", "text": "Patrol Squadron Four ( VP-4 ) is a U.S. Navy land-based patrol squadron based at the Naval Air Station Whidbey Island , Oak Harbor , Washington , which is tasked to undertake maritime patrol , anti-submarine warfare ( ASW ) , and intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ( ISR ) missions flying the Boeing P-8 Poseidon . The squadron was originally established as Bombing Squadron 144 ( VB-144 ) on 1 July 1943 , redesignated Patrol Bombing Squadron 144 ( VPB-144 ) on 1 October 1944 , redesignated Patrol Squadron 144 ( VP-144 ) on 15 May 1946 , redesignated Medium Patrol Squadron ( Landplane ) 4 ( VP-ML-4 ) on 15 November 1946 and redesignated Patrol Squadron FOUR ( VP-4 ) on 1 September 1948 . It is the second squadron to be designated VP-4 , the first VP-4 was redesignated VP-22 on 1 July 1939 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peruvian_nuevo_sol", "text": "The sol ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈsol ] ; plural : soles ; currency sign : S/ ) is the currency of Peru ; it is subdivided into 100 céntimos ( cents ) . The ISO 4217 currency code is PEN . The sol replaced the Peruvian inti in 1991 and the name is a return to that of Peru 's historic currency , as the previous incarnation of sol was in use from 1863 to 1985 . Although sol in this usage is derived from the Latin solidus , the word also means sun in Spanish . There is thus a continuity with the old Peruvian inti , which was named after Inti , the Sun God of the Incas . At its introduction in 1991 , the currency was officially called nuevo sol ( new sol ) , but on November 13 , 2015 , the Peruvian Congress voted to rename the currency simply sol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love_Talk", "text": "Love Talk ( 러브토크 ) is the second film by South Korean director Lee Yoon-ki . It tells the story of a group of expatriated South Koreans trying to adapt to living in the Los Angeles area . The film was shot entirely on location in California with Korean and American actors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sullivan_County_Poor_Home", "text": "Sullivan County Poor Home , also known as Lakeview Home , is a historic poorhouse located in Hamilton Township , Sullivan County , Indiana . It was designed by the architecture firm Wing & Mahurin and built in 1896-1897 . It is a 2 1/2-story , asymmetrical , Romanesque Revival style brick building , consisting of a central section with flanking wings . It features a projecting central tower with arched openings and a pyramidal roof and an octagonal tower . Also on the property is a contributing one-story , two-room cottage . The home was named Lakeview Home in 1947 , and remained in operation until 1998.:5 , 7 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beast_(Beauty_and_the_Beast)", "text": "The Beast is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios ' 30th animated feature film Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 ) . He also appears in the film 's two direct-to-video followups Beauty and the Beast : The Enchanted Christmas and Belle 's Magical World . Based on the hero of the French fairy tale by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont , the Beast was created by screenwriter Linda Woolverton and animated by Glen Keane . A pampered prince transformed into a hideous beast as punishment for his cold-hearted and selfish ways , the Beast must , in order to return to his former self , earn the love of a beautiful young woman named Belle who he imprisons in his castle . All this must be done before the last petal falls from the enchanted rose on his twenty-first birthday . In all animated film appearances , the Beast is voiced by American actor Robby Benson . The 1991 animated film was adapted into a Broadway musical in 1994 , with the role being originated by American actor Terrence Mann . Dan Stevens portrays a live-action version of the character in the 2017 live-action adaptation of the original 1991 film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chatteris", "text": "Chatteris /ˈtʃætɛrɪs/ is a civil parish and one of the four market towns in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire , England , situated in The Fens between Huntingdon , March and Ely . The town is in the North East Cambridgeshire parliamentary constituency . The parish of Chatteris is large , covering 6,099 hectares , and for much of its history was a raised island in the low-lying wetland of the Fens . Mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 , the town has evidence of settlement from the Neolithic period . After several fires in the 18th and 19th centuries , the majority of the town 's housing dates from the late Victorian period onwards , with the tower of the parish church the only medieval building remaining . Following the draining of the Fens , beginning in the 17th century and completed in the 19th century , the town 's economy has been based on agriculture and related industry . Due to its proximity to Cambridge , Huntingdon and Peterborough , the town has emerged as a commuter town . The town had a population of 10,453 at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ordinari_Post_Tijdender", "text": "Post- och Inrikes Tidningar or PoIT ( Swedish for Post and Domestic Times ) is the government newspaper and gazette of Sweden , and the country 's official notification medium for announcements like bankruptcy declarations or auctions . The newspaper also carries advertising , the largest advertiser being the Swedish Patent and Registration Office . It is the oldest currently published newspaper in the world , although as of the 1 January 2007 edition , it has switched over to an internet-only format . Hans Holm , who served as the chief editor of Post- och Inrikes Tidningar for 20 years , said of this move to digital publication , We think it 's a cultural disaster , It is sad when you have worked with it for so long and it has been around for so long . Four copies of each update to PoIT are still printed and archived at the National Library of Sweden , Lund University library and the Swedish Companies Registration Office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koblenz", "text": "Koblenz ( German : [ ˈkoːblɛnts ] ( listen ) ; French : Coblence ) , spelled Coblenz before 1926 , is a German city situated on both banks of the Rhine where it is joined by the Moselle . Koblenz was established as a Roman military post by Drusus around 8 B.C . Its name originates from the Latin ( ad ) cōnfluentēs , meaning ( at the ) confluence of the two rivers . The actual confluence is today known as the German Corner , a symbol of the unification of Germany that features an equestrian statue of Emperor William I . The city celebrated its 2000th anniversary in 1992 . After Mainz and Ludwigshafen am Rhein , it is the third-largest city in Rhineland-Palatinate , with a population of around 112,000 ( 2015 ) . Koblenz lies in the Rhineland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Garscadden_Wood", "text": "Garscadden Wood lies to the north of Drumchapel on the outskirts of Glasgow , Scotland . It is known locally as the Bluebell Woods . The wood can be accessed via Peel Glen Road in the west , Chesters Road in the east . It is bordered by Bearsden Golf Course to the north , and Drummore Road to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adult_contemporary", "text": "In North American music , adult contemporary music ( AC ) is a form of radio-played popular music , ranging from 1960s vocal and 1970s soft rock music to predominantly ballad-heavy music of the present day , with varying degrees of easy listening , pop , soul , rhythm and blues , quiet storm , and rock influence . Adult contemporary is generally a continuation of the easy listening and soft rock style that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s with some adjustments that reflect the evolution of pop/rock music . Adult contemporary tends to have lush , soothing and highly polished qualities where emphasis on melody and harmonies is accentuated . It is usually melodic enough to get a listener 's attention , and is inoffensive and pleasurable enough to work well as background music . Like most of pop music , its songs tend to be written in a basic format employing a verse-chorus structure . The format is heavy on romantic sentimental ballads which mostly use acoustic instruments ( though bass guitar is usually used ) such as acoustic guitars , pianos , saxophones , and sometimes an orchestral set . The electric guitars are normally faint and high-pitched . However , recent adult contemporary music may feature synthesizers ( and other electronics , such as drum machines ) . An AC radio station may play mainstream music , but it excludes hip hop , dance tracks , hard rock , and some forms of teen pop , as these are less popular among adults , the target demographic . AC radio often targets the 25-44 age group , the demographic that has received the most attention from advertisers since the 1960s . A common practice in recent years of adult contemporary stations is to play less newer music and more hits of the past . This de-emphasis on new songs slows the progression of the AC chart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lang_ist_der_Weg", "text": "Long Is the Road ( German : Lang ist der Weg ) is a 1948 German drama film directed by Herbert B. Fredersdorf and Marek Goldstein and starring Israel Becker , Bettina Moissi and Berta Litwina . The story examines the Holocaust from the perspective of a Polish Jewish family and a young man who is able to escape while being transported to a Concentration Camp . It was made during the summer of 1947 . It was the first German-made film to directly portray the Holocaust ( Morituri was released earlier but made later ) . It was made with the support of the United States Army Information Control Division . A major aim of the film was to lobby for Jewish survivors still living in Displaced Persons ( DP ) camps to be allowed to emigrate to the British Mandate of Palestine . It drew a comparison between the plight of the Jewish population and the sufferings of other Europeans who had ended up in DP camps . This was partly done through the principal character 's romantic relationship with Dora , a jewish holocaust survivor . The film employs a semi-documentary technique to tell its story . Many of its themes were similar to other German rubble films of the era , but it was notably different partly because of its advocacy of an optimistic , idealistic new world in Palestine . The film only ever went on a limited release , and by the time it received its German première , many inhabitants of the DP camps had been re-settled , with large numbers emigrating to the newly founded state of Israel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Musiikkituottajat_–_IFPI_Finland", "text": "Musiikkituottajat - IFPI Finland ry , or Musiikkituottajat for short , ( English : Music Producers ; formerly known as Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT ) , IFPI Finland in English , is the umbrella organization of recording producers active in Finland , with 23 record labels as its members ."}
{"title": "/wiki/24th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 24th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24 , 1982 , at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , and were broadcast live on American television . The event recognized the accomplishments of musicians during the year 1981 . Quincy Jones was the major recipient of awards with a total of five Grammys . The much coveted Album of the Year award went to Jack Douglas , John Lennon and Yoko Ono for Double Fantasy , and Song of the Year went to Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon for Bette Davis Eyes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1993", "text": "The 28th Biathlon World Championships were held in 1993 in Borovets , Bulgaria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brimstone_(TV_series)", "text": "Brimstone is an American television series that aired only one partial season on Fox , during the 1998-99 American television season . It features a dead police detective whose mission , as assigned by the Devil , is to return to Hell 113 souls who have escaped to Earth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Singapore", "text": "Singapore ( /ˈsɪŋ ( ɡ ) əpɔːr/ ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Singapore , is a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia . Singapore is located about one degree ( 137 kilometres or 85 miles ) north of the equator , and is situated off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , and by extension , the southernmost extremity of continental Asia . The island country shares its southern maritime border with Indonesia 's Riau Islands , its northern , western , and eastern maritime borders with the Johor state of Peninsular Malaysia , and is in the vicinity of Sumatra to its west and Borneo to its east . It is enveloped by the littoral waters of the Johore Strait to its north and the Singapore Strait to its south , and is geographically positioned within the confluence of the Indian and Pacific Oceans , being bounded by the Malacca Strait to its west and the South China Sea to its east . The country 's territory is composed of one main island and 58 smaller islets , the combined area of which has increased by almost 25% since the country 's independence as a result of extensive land reclamation projects . Although Singapore has been a constituent part of several Hindu-Buddhist thalassocratic empires and Islamic sultanates throughout its millennia-long history , modern Singapore , then part of the erstwhile Johor Sultanate , was founded in 1819 when Stamford Raffles , a British colonial officer , established a trading post of the East India Company on the island . In 1824 , the island and its satellite islets were fully ceded by the Johor Sultanate , and in 1826 , Singapore was incorporated into the Straits Settlements , a group of East India Company territories in the Malay peninsula . From 1830 to 1858 , the Straits Settlements were administered as a Malayan subdivision of the East India Company 's Bengal Presidency ; following the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , the Presidency and its constituent Settlements were reorganised into the British Raj . In 1867 , Britain 's colonial holdings in the Malay archipelago were separated from British India , and the administration of the Straits Settlements was transferred from Calcutta to London , bringing the Straits Settlements under the direct control of the British Crown as a crown colony . From 1867 to the 1940s , Singapore grew into a successful entrepôt that attracted settlers and sojourners from the region and beyond . During the Second World War , Imperial Japan successfully invaded Singapore , resulting in an interregnum of British rule corresponding with a brief Japanese occupation from 1942 to 1945 . Following Japan 's surrender in 1945 , the Straits Settlements were dissolved , with Singapore being returned to British control as a standalone crown colony in 1946 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steamboat", "text": "A steamboat is a boat that is propelled primarily by steam power , typically driving propellers or paddlewheels . Steamboats sometimes use the prefix designation SS , S.S. or S/S ( for 'Screw Steamer ' ) or PS ( for 'Paddle Steamer ' ) ; however , these designations are most often used for steamships . The term steamboat is used to refer to smaller , insular , steam-powered boats working on lakes and rivers , particularly riverboats . As using steam became more reliable , steam power became applied to larger , ocean-going vessels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hubble_Space_Telescope", "text": "The Hubble Space Telescope ( often referred to as HST or Hubble ) is a space telescope that was launched into low Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation . It was not the first space telescope but it is one of the largest and most versatile , well known both as a vital research tool and as a public relations boon for astronomy . The Hubble telescope is named after astronomer Edwin Hubble and is one of NASA 's Great Observatories , along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory , the Chandra X-ray Observatory , and the Spitzer Space Telescope . Hubble features a 2.4-meter ( 7.9 ft ) mirror , and its four main instruments observe in the ultraviolet , visible , and near infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum . Hubble 's orbit outside the distortion of Earth 's atmosphere allows it to capture extremely high-resolution images with substantially lower background light than ground-based telescopes . It has recorded some of the most detailed visible light images , allowing a deep view into space . Many Hubble observations have led to breakthroughs in astrophysics , such as determining the rate of expansion of the universe . The Hubble telescope was built by the United States space agency NASA with contributions from the European Space Agency . The Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) selects Hubble 's targets and processes the resulting data , while the Goddard Space Flight Center controls the spacecraft . Space telescopes were proposed as early as 1923 . Hubble was funded in the 1970s with a proposed launch in 1983 , but the project was beset by technical delays , budget problems , and the 1986 Challenger disaster . It was finally launched by Space Shuttle Discovery in 1990 , but its main mirror had been ground incorrectly , resulting in spherical aberration that compromised the telescope 's capabilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fernando_de_Abreu_Ferreira", "text": "Fernando Augusto de Abreu Ferreira ( born 3 October 1984 ) , known as Abreu , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender . He also holds Portuguese citizenship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Create_TV_&_Film", "text": "LEGO A/S , doing business as The LEGO Group , is a Danish toy production company based in Billund . It is best known for the manufacture of LEGO-brand toys , consisting mostly of interlocking plastic bricks . The LEGO Group has also built several amusement parks around the world , each known as Legoland , and operates numerous retail stores . The company was founded on 10 August 1932 by Ole Kirk Christiansen . The brand LEGO is derived from the Danish words leg godt , meaning play well . In the first half of 2015 , The LEGO Group became the world 's largest toy company by revenue , with sales amounting to US $ 2.1 billion , surpassing Mattel , which had US $ 1.9 billion in sales . On 11 August 2017 , LEGO announced that Niels B. Christiansen would become the new CEO , effective 1 October of the same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vallis_Snellius", "text": "Vallis Snellius is a linear valley on the near side of the Moon . It is located in the rugged southeastern part of the visible surface , to the south of the Mare Fecunditatis . This feature is radial to the Mare Nectaris basin to the west-northwest , much like Vallis Rheita to the southwest , and the two likely share a common origin . The selenographic coordinates of this feature are 31°06′S 56°00′E / 31.1°S 56.0°E / -31.1 ; 56.0 , and it has a maximum length of 592 km , making it the longest named valley on the Moon . Although linear , this valley is irregular in shape and has been heavily worn by impact erosion , making it difficult to trace across the surface . The crater Snellius from which it is named lies across the valley , which cuts through the southern half of the crater floor . Near the northern part of the valley is the crater Borda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Lake,_Michigan", "text": "Central Lake is a village in Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was 952 at the 2010 census . The village is located within Central Lake Township . Central Lake is situated on a lake which is in the center of a chain of lakes and rivers in the county , hence the name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Elizabeth_Catholic_Church_(Paincourtville,_Louisiana)", "text": "St. Elizabeth Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 114 Louisiana Highway 403 in Paincourtville , Louisiana , in Assumption Parish , Louisiana . It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1983 . It is a brick Basilica plan Gothic-style church . It has twin towers . Its gable front has a small rose window . Its interior has a small transept , three semi-hexagonal apses , and stained glass windows dating mainly to between 1906 and 1910 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Algeciras_Heliport", "text": "The Algeciras Heliport ( Spanish : Helipuerto de Algeciras ) is a public heliport in Algeciras ( Cádiz , Spain ) . It was inaugurated on July 1 , 2010 by the Minister of Development , José Blanco . It was the second helipad of the network AENA after Ceuta Heliport . Construction had started in February 2009 . It provides transport to Ceuta and other areas in the Campo de Gibraltar . The only airport existing in the area is the one in the neighbouring British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar . It was expected to begin operation in July 2010 . The heliport is located on the current parking building of the Port of Algeciras . The set up of the heliport has involved the extension of an existing building and the ground keeping an area of 32 x 24 meters to take off the vehicle and a safe area of 8 x 5 meters . It is supplemented by the service units for rescue and firefighting and various units of maintenance . The helicopter used in the city will be a model Bell 412 EP that will allow communication with the city of Ceuta in just 10 minutes . The heliport platform is 2,400 m² and a height of 30 meters above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gold_Diggers_of_Broadway", "text": "Gold Diggers of Broadway is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Winnie Lightner and Nick Lucas . Distributed by Warner Bros. , the film is the second two-color Technicolor all-talking feature-length film ( after On with the Show ! , also released that year by Warner Bros ) . Gold Diggers of Broadway was also the third film released by Warner Bros. to be shot in color ; the first was a black-and-white , part-color musical , The Desert Song ( 1929 ) . Gold Diggers of Broadway became a box office sensation , making Winnie Lightner a worldwide star and boosting guitarist crooner Nick Lucas to further fame as he sang two songs that became 20th-century standards : Tiptoe Through the Tulips and Painting the Clouds with Sunshine . Based on the 1919 play The Gold Diggers - which was also turned into a silent film of the same name in 1923 - now lost , Gold Diggers of Broadway utilized Technicolor , showgirls , and sound as its main selling points . It earned a domestic gross of $ 3.5 million , extending to over $ 5 million worldwide ( approximately $ today ) . The original production cost was approximately $ 500,000 . It was chosen as one of the ten best films of 1929 by Film Daily . As with many early Technicolor films , no complete print survives , although the last twenty minutes do , but are missing a bridging sequence and the last minute of the film . Contemporary reviews , the soundtrack and the surviving footage suggest that the film was a fast-moving comedy which was enhanced by Technicolor and a set of lively and popular songs . It encapsulates the spirit of the flapper era , giving us a glimpse of a world about to be changed by the Great Depression . Because the film is considered a partially lost film since 1970s , the loose remake , Gold Diggers of 1933 , is the most frequently seen version of the story ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyler_Perry", "text": "Tyler Perry ( born Emmitt Perry Jr. ; September 13 , 1969 ) is an American actor , writer , producer , comedian and director . In 2011 , Forbes listed him as the highest paid man in entertainment , earning US $ 130 million between May 2010 and May 2011 . Perry created and performs the Madea character , a tough elderly black woman . Perry 's films vary in style from orthodox filmmaking techniques to filmed productions of live stage plays . Many of Perry 's stage-play films have been subsequently adapted as films . Perry wrote and produced many stage plays during the 1990s and early 2000s . Perry has developed several television series , most notably Tyler Perry 's House of Payne , which ran for eight seasons on TBS from June 21 , 2006 , to August 10 , 2012 . On October 2 , 2012 , Perry struck an exclusive multi-year partnership with Oprah Winfrey and her Oprah Winfrey Network . The partnership was largely for the sake of bringing scripted television to OWN , based on Perry 's previous success in this area . Perry has created multiple scripted series for the network , The Haves and the Have Nots being its most successful . The Haves and the Have Nots has given OWN its highest ratings to date as of 2014 , with the series also referred to as one of OWN 's biggest success stories with its weekly dose of soapy fun , filled with the typical betrayals , affairs , and manipulations . Perry has additionally acted in films not directed or produced by himself , including as Admiral Barnett in Star Trek ( 2009 ) , the titular character in Alex Cross ( 2012 ) , Tanner Bolt in Gone Girl ( 2014 ) , Baxter Stockman in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows ( 2016 ) and Colin Powell in Vice ( 2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WNYF-CD", "text": "WNYF-CD is a low-powered , Class A Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Watertown , New York , United States and serving upstate New York 's North Country . It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 35 ( or virtual channel 28 via PSIP ) from a transmitter along NY 126/State Street on Champion Hill . WWNY-CD is a Class A television station licensed to Massena , New York , which operates as a translator of WNYF-CD . This station broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 18 ( also mapped to virtual channel 28 via PSIP ) from a transmitter southeast of South Colton along NY 56 . Owned by Gray Television , WNYF-CD and WWNY-CD are sister stations to Carthage-licensed CBS affiliate WWNY-TV ( channel 7 ) . The stations share studios on Arcade Street ( along NY 3/NY 12 ) in downtown Watertown . Since WNYF 's two transmitters are not nearly strong enough to cover the entire market , the station can also be seen in standard definition on WWNY 's second digital subchannel ( virtual and VHF channel 7.2 ) from the Champion Hill transmitter site . On cable , WNYF is available on Charter Spectrum channel 2 and in high definition on digital channel 878 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paston,_Peterborough", "text": "Paston is a residential area and electoral ward of the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . The area was mainly built and developed in the 1970s and 1980s . Before the development corporation acquired Paston Ridings in 1974 , by use of Section 22 of the Commons Act 1899 , everyone had right of access to the common land comprising approximately 20 acres ( 8 ha ) . The parish church of All Saints ' , Paston , situated over the boundary in Walton ward , celebrated its 790th birthday in 2007 . Demographically Paston has become increasingly diverse , including a large Gypsy community . At the 2001 census it had a population of 8,650 . As Peterborough expands , the council has introduced a new statutory development plan . Its aim is to accommodate an additional 22,000 homes , 18,000 jobs and over 40,000 people living in the city by 2020 . A further 1,200 homes are to be built at Paston as part of this plan . Paston Ridings County Primary School has been in existence since 1994 and is an amalgamation of the former Infant and Junior Schools . The school has the capacity for 420 pupils with 14 classrooms , two halls , a computer suite and a separate library area . It has its own swimming pool and substantial grounds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Bracewell", "text": "Paul William Bracewell ( born 19 July 1962 ) is an English former footballer and manager who played as a midfielder . He played for Stoke City , Sunderland , Everton , Newcastle United and Fulham . He also played for the England national team and was manager of Fulham and Halifax Town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eli_Manning", "text": "Elisha Nelson Manning IV ( born January 3 , 1981 ) is a former American football quarterback who played his entire 16-year career for the New York Giants of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at the University of Mississippi from 2000 to 2003 . He was drafted as the first overall pick in the 2004 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers and was immediately traded to the Giants who in return gave up a package , highlighted by fourth overall selection Philip Rivers . Manning is the son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and the younger brother of former NFL quarterback Peyton Manning . Manning holds Giants franchise records for most passing yards , touchdown passes , and completed passes in a career . In 2012 , in a 41-34 win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , he threw for 510 yards , three yards short of Phil Simms ' franchise record of 513 . Manning showed durability throughout his career . He started 210 straight games from 2004 to 2017 , the third-longest consecutive starts streak by a quarterback in NFL history , and never missed a game due to an injury . He is the seventh all-time leader in passing yards and eighth in touchdowns . Though lacking his brother 's regular season consistency and high-caliber performances , Manning is known for his two improbable Super Bowl-winning postseason runs in 2007 and 2011 , in which he led underdog Giants squads to Super Bowl victories against the New England Patriots in Super Bowls XLII and XLVI . Manning was named Most Valuable Player in both Super Bowls , becoming one of five players to have multiple Super Bowl MVP awards ( Bart Starr and Terry Bradshaw also have two , Joe Montana - three , and Tom Brady - four ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cynognathus", "text": "Cynognathus is an extinct genus of large-bodied cynodontian therapsids that lived in the Middle Triassic . It is known from a single species , Cynognathus crateronotus . Cynognathus was a 1.2-metre ( 3 ft 11 in ) long predator closely related to mammals and had a southern hemispheric distribution . Fossils have so far been recovered from South Africa , Argentina , Antarctica , and Namibia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nathan_Fillion", "text": "Nathan Fillion ( /ˈfɪliən/ ; born March 27 , 1971 ) is a Canadian-American actor , best known for the leading roles of Captain Malcolm Mal Reynolds on Firefly and its film continuation Serenity , Richard Castle on Castle and John Nolan on The Rookie . Fillion has acted in traditionally distributed films like Slither and Trucker , Internet-distributed films like Dr. Horrible 's Sing-Along Blog , television soap operas , sitcoms and theater . His voice is also featured in video games , such as the Bungie titles Halo 3 , Halo 3 : ODST , Halo : Reach , Destiny and Destiny 2 , along with the 343 Industries video game Halo 5 : Guardians . Fillion first gained recognition for his work on One Life to Live in the contract role of Joey Buchanan , for which he was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series as well as for his supporting role as Johnny Donnelly in the sitcom Two Guys and a Girl ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manager_(association_football)", "text": "In association football , a manager is an occupation of head coach in the United Kingdom responsible for running a football club or a national team . Outside the British Isles and across most of Europe , a title of head coach or coach is predominant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_East_Conference", "text": "The Big East Conference ( stylized as BIG EAST ) is a collegiate athletic conference that competes in NCAA Division I in all sports except football , which is not sponsored . The conference has been officially recognized as a Division I multi-sport conference , effective on August 1 , 2013 . The conference was originally founded by Dave Gavitt on May 31 , 1979 . Its nucleus is composed of the Catholic Seven members of the original Big East Conference : DePaul University , Georgetown University , Marquette University , Providence College , Seton Hall University , St. John 's University , and Villanova University . In December 2012 , these schools chose to split from the football playing schools in order to focus on basketball , and in March 2013 reached a settlement , whereby they acquired the Big East Conference name , logos , history , and the rights to the men 's basketball tournament at Madison Square Garden . Butler University , Creighton University , and Xavier University also joined the conference on its July 1 , 2013 launch date . The conference also entered into a 12-year , $ 500 million television contract with Fox Sports , Fox Sports 1 ( FS1 ) , Fox Sports 2 ( FS2 ) , and Fox Sports Networks ( FSN ) and a 6-year television contract with CBS and CBS Sports Network ( CBSSN ) . On June 24 , 2019 the member schools of the Big East voted 10-0 to extend an invitation to the University of Connecticut ( UConn ) to rejoin the conference , which was accepted two days later . The football-playing members of the old Big East , along with several other schools , formed the American Athletic Conference , which retains the old Big East 's charter and structure . However , both conferences claim 1979 as their founding date . As part of the separation agreement , the basketball schools were able to retain the basketball records while the football schools retained the football records respectively . Val Ackerman , former WNBA president , has been commissioner since June 26 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norhafiz_Zamani_Misbah", "text": "Norhafiz Zamani Bin Misbah ( born 15 July 1981 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who currently plays as centre-back for Negeri Sembilan . He is a former member of the Malaysia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neal_Olkewicz", "text": "Neal T. Olky Olkewicz ( born January 30 , 1957 ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League ( NFL ) who played his entire eleven-year career with the Washington Redskins from 1979 to 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CAAMFest", "text": "CAAMFest , known prior to 2013 as the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival ( SFIAAFF ) , is presented every March in the San Francisco Bay Area in the United States as the nations largest showcase for new Asian American and Asian films . It annually presents approximately 130 works in San Francisco , Berkeley and San Jose . The festival is organized by the Center of Asian American Media ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Type_11_infantry_gun", "text": "The Type 11 37 mm infantry support gun ( 十一年式平射歩兵砲 , Jyūiichinen-shiki Heisha hoheihō ) was an infantry support gun used by the Imperial Japanese Army in the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II . The Type 11 designation was given to this gun as it was accepted in the 11th year of Emperor Taishō 's reign ( 1922 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sejo_of_Joseon", "text": "Sejo of Joseon ( Korean : 조선 세조 , 2 November 1417 - 23 September 1468 , r. 1455-1468 ) was the seventh king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea . He was the son of King Sejong and brother of Munjong of Joseon and uncle of Danjong of Joseon , against whom he led a coup d'état to become king himself in 1455 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vaud", "text": "The canton of Vaud ( /voʊ/ VOH , French : [ vo ] ; German : Waadt , pronounced [ vat ] ( listen ) or [ vaːt ] ) is the third largest of the Swiss cantons by population and fourth by size . It is located in Romandy , the French-speaking western part of the country ; and borders the canton of Neuchâtel to the north , the cantons of Fribourg and Bern to the east , Valais and Lake Geneva to the south , the canton of Geneva to the south-west and France ( Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté ) to the west . The capital and biggest city is Lausanne , officially designated Olympic Capital by the International Olympic Committee and hosts many international sports organizations . Other main cities are Yverdon-les-Bains and Montreux . As of 2018 the canton has a population of 799,145 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parker_Hall_(American_football)", "text": "Linus Parker Bullet Hall ( December 10 , 1916 - February 8 , 2005 ) was a professional American football player for the Cleveland Rams and the San Francisco 49ers . In his rookie season , Hall led the league in passing , was second in passing yardage , and fifth in rushing yards . He was named the league 's Most Valuable Player in 1939 and was the first professional player to complete over 100 passes in a single season . He spent four seasons with the Rams , and after returning from military service during World War II , Hall played with the AAFC 's San Francisco 49ers during their inaugural season . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee , after retiring from football and worked in the lumber business ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Montgomery_(New_Zealand_politician)", "text": "William John Alexander Montgomery ( c.1821 - 21 December 1914 ) was a New Zealand politician from Little River on Banks Peninsula , and a merchant . Born in London , he lived in a number of places and pursued a number of occupations before settling in Christchurch , New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2003 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place in May 2003 . The top six regular season finishers met in the double-elimination tournament held at Gene Michael Field on the campus of Kent State University in Kent , Ohio . This was the fifteenth Mid-American Conference postseason tournament to determine a champion . Fourth seed Eastern Michigan won their third tournament championship , and first since the event resumed in 1992 , to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2003 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Dubai_24_Hour", "text": "The 2006 Dubai 24 Hours was the first running of the event and the first event of what would later become the 24H Series . It was held at the Dubai Autodrome from 11th-13th January 2006 . The winning car was an A5 class BMW 320i E46 run by Duller Motorsport and shared between Dieter Quester , Hans-Joachim Stuck , Philipp Peter and Toto Wolff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goosed", "text": "Goosed is a 1999 American film starring Jennifer Tilly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_submarine_U-98_(1940)", "text": "German submarine U-98 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II , operating from March 1941 until she was sunk in November 1942 . She was launched on 31 August 1940 and commissioned on 12 October , with a crew of 46 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Robert Gysae , operating from St. Nazaire in France . In March 1942 command was transferred to Korvettenkapitän Wilhelm Schulze . Her final commander was Oberleutnant zur See Kurt Eichmann , who took over in October 1942 . She was a member of six wolfpacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kamatsamo", "text": "KaMatsamo , previously known as Schoemansdal , is a town in the province of Mpumalanga ( eastern Transvaal ) in South Africa . It is located 23 kilometres south of Malalane . During the period when the policies of separate development were implemented under the apartheid regime , Schoemansdal was the capital of the bantustan named KaNgwane . In November 2005 the South African government announced that the town 's name had been changed to KaMatsamo . The new name is in honor of prince Matsamo Shongwe.Swazi Shongwe Matsamo Tribe . According to tradition , the Shongwe Matsamo were an independent tribe originated from a place in northern Zululand near the mouth of the Pongolo River ( eLuphongolo ) . When Somhlolo was king of the Swazi people and Tikuni was chief of the Matsamo , they were driven out by the Zulu to Swaziland and settled at the Bulunga village in the district of Bremersdorp ( today Manzini ) . Matsafeni , son of Tikuni , was a good soldier and King Mswati II moved his tribe to places where they had to defend the Swazi Kingdom . Between 1856 and 1865 , the tribe under Chief Matsafeni were sent to defend the Kingdom against the Sotho tribes to the north of the Kingdom . A section of the Shongwe tribe remained in Bulunga , however . Up to the time of Magubha strong ties existed between the two sections . Today the two sections each have their own chief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/F-22_Raptor", "text": "The Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor is a single-seat , twin-engine , all-weather stealth tactical fighter aircraft developed for the United States Air Force ( USAF ) . The result of the USAF 's Advanced Tactical Fighter ( ATF ) program , the aircraft was designed primarily as an air superiority fighter , but also has ground attack , electronic warfare , and signal intelligence capabilities . The prime contractor , Lockheed Martin , built most of the F-22 's airframe and weapons systems and conducted final assembly , while Boeing provided the wings , aft fuselage , avionics integration , and training systems . The aircraft was variously designated F-22 and F/A-22 before it formally entered service in December 2005 as the F-22A . Despite its protracted development and various operational issues , USAF officials consider the F-22 a critical component of the service 's tactical air power . Its combination of stealth , aerodynamic performance , and situational awareness enable unprecedented air combat capabilities . Service officials had originally planned to buy a total of 750 ATFs . In 2009 , the program was cut to 187 operational production aircraft due to high costs , a lack of clear air-to-air missions due to delays in Russian and Chinese fighter programs , a ban on exports , and development of the more versatile F-35 . [ N 1 ] The last F-22 was delivered in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daedra_Charles", "text": "Daedra Janel Charles ( November 22 , 1968 - April 14 , 2018 ) was an American women 's basketball player and assistant coach at Tennessee . She was a member of the United States women 's national basketball team that claimed the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain . Born in Detroit , Michigan , Charles attended the University of Tennessee . She twice helped Tennessee win the NCAA Women 's Championship in 1989 and 1991 . Charles was inducted into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanover_Fairground", "text": "The Hanover Fairground ( in German : Messegelände Hannover ) is an exhibition area in the Mittelfeld district of Hanover , Germany . Featuring 496,000 m² ( 5.3 million sq.ft . ) of covered indoor space , 58,000 m² ( 624,306 sq ft ) of open-air space , 27 halls and pavilions and a convention centre with 35 function rooms , it is the largest exhibition ground in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Actor", "text": "An actor is a person who portrays a character in a performance ( also actress ; see below ) . The actor performs in the flesh in the traditional medium of the theatre or in modern media such as film , radio , and television . The analogous Greek term is ὑποκριτής ( hupokritḗs ) , literally one who answers . The actor 's interpretation of their role - the art of acting - pertains to the role played , whether based on a real person or fictional character . Interpretation occurs even when the actor is playing themselves , as in some forms of experimental performance art . Formerly , in ancient Greece and Rome , the medieval world , and the time of William Shakespeare , only men could become actors , and women 's roles were generally played by men or boys . After the English Restoration of 1660 , women began to appear on stage in England . In modern times , particularly in pantomime and some operas , women occasionally play the roles of boys or young men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1903_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1903 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hsu_Shu-ching", "text": "Hsu Shu-ching ( Chinese : 許淑淨 ; pinyin : Xǔ Shújìng ; born 9 May 1991 ) is a Taiwanese weightlifter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dominique_Maltais", "text": "Dominique Maltais ( born 9 November 1980 ) is a Canadian snowboarder , specialising in snowboard cross . She is a two-time Olympic medallist , winning a bronze medal at the 2006 Torino Games and a silver medal at the 2014 Sochi Games . She also competed at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics , where she failed to reach the final . At the FIS Snowboarding World Championships , she won a bronze medal in 2011 and a silver medal in 2013 . She is the 2012 Winter X Games champion , and has won the Crystal Globe as the overall FIS World Cup champion in snowboard cross five times , in 2006 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 and 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Efate", "text": "Efate is an island in the Pacific Ocean which is part of the Shefa Province in Vanuatu . It is also known as Île Vate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Academy_Scientific_and_Technical_Award", "text": "The Scientific and Technical Awards are three different Honorary Awards that are given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) during the annual Academy Awards season . The Awards have been presented since the 4th Academy Awards in November 1931 , to recognize original developments resulting in significant improvements in motion picture production and exhibition . The Awards are presented at a formal dinner ceremony a couple weeks before the principal Academy Awards ceremony . These awards recognize significant milestones in the development of technology for motion pictures and are conferred by vote of the Academy Board of Governors . Potential nominations for awards are investigated by a special committee within the Academy , The Scientific and Technical Awards Committee , which presents a written report and recommendation to the Board of Governors . Additionally , the John A. Bonner Medal of Commendation , given for outstanding service and dedication in upholding the high standards of the Academy , and the Gordon E. Sawyer Award , both also considered Honorary Awards , are usually also chosen by the Scientific and Technical Awards Committee and conferred at this annual presentation dinner ceremony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonas_Brothers", "text": "The Jonas Brothers are an American pop rock band . Formed in 2005 , they gained popularity from their appearances on the Disney Channel television network . They consist of three brothers : Kevin Jonas , Joe Jonas , and Nick Jonas . Raised in Wyckoff , New Jersey , the Jonas Brothers moved to Little Falls , New Jersey , in 2005 , where they wrote their first record that made its Hollywood Records release . In the summer of 2008 , they starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie Camp Rock and its sequel , Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam . They also starred as Kevin , Joe , and Nick Lucas from the band , JONAS , in their own Disney Channel series Jonas , which was rebranded as Jonas L.A. after the first season and cancelled after the second . The band have released five albums : It 's About Time ( 2006 ) , Jonas Brothers ( 2007 ) , A Little Bit Longer ( 2008 ) , Lines , Vines and Trying Times ( 2009 ) , and Happiness Begins ( 2019 ) . In 2008 , the group was nominated for the Best New Artist award at the 51st Grammy Awards and won the award for Breakthrough Artist at the American Music Awards . As of May 2009 , before the release of Lines , Vines and Trying Times , they had sold over eight million albums worldwide . After a hiatus during 2010 and 2011 to pursue solo-projects , the group reconciled in 2012 to record a new album , which was cancelled following their break-up on October 29 , 2013 . They have sold over 17 million albums worldwide as of 2013 . Six years following their split , the group reunited with the release of Sucker on March 1 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Playas_Canton", "text": "General Villamil , also known as Playas , is a Guayas canton in Ecuador . The Playas canton is located at the south western area of the Guayas Province . Its Canton Capital is General José de Villamil , also known as Playas . It is located 96 kilómeters from the capital of the Guayas Province , Guayaquil . It borders to the north and east with Guayaquil Canton , on the west with Santa Elena Province , and to south with the Pacific Ocean . Its territory has an area of 280 square kilometres ( 110 square miles ) and has a population of 31,000 citizens , with 25,000 of them living in the canton 's capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bofors_75_mm_Mountain_Gun", "text": "The Bofors 75 mm mountain gun was a Swedish designed and built mountain gun of the interwar years that was used during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halberstadt_C.V", "text": "The Halberstadt C.V was a German single-engined reconnaissance biplane of World War I , built by Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke . Derived from the Halberstadt C.III , with a more powerful supercharged 160 kW ( 220 hp ) Benz Bz.IVü engine , it saw service only in the final months of the war . Cameras were mounted in the observer 's cockpit floor . The aircraft had very good flight characteristics , especially manoeuvrability and rate of climb , and was among best German World War I aircraft in its class . First aircraft appeared in front in late June 1918 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nashua_(horse)", "text": "Nashua ( April 14 , 1952 - February 3 , 1982 ) was an American-born thoroughbred racehorse , best remembered for a 1955 match race against Swaps , the horse that had defeated him in the Kentucky Derby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greta_Garbo", "text": "Greta Garbo [ a ] ( born Greta Lovisa Gustafsson ; [ b ] 18 September 1905 - 15 April 1990 ) was a Swedish film actress during the 1920s and 1930s . In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked Garbo fifth on their list of the greatest female stars of classic Hollywood cinema . Garbo launched her career with a secondary role in the 1924 Swedish film The Saga of Gösta Berling . Her performance caught the attention of Louis B. Mayer , chief executive of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ( MGM ) , who brought her to Hollywood in 1925 . She stirred interest with her first American silent film , Torrent ( 1926 ) . Garbos performance in Flesh and the Devil ( 1927 ) , her third movie , made her an international star . Garbo 's first talking film was Anna Christie ( 1930 ) . MGM marketers enticed the public with the tagline Garbo talks ! That same year , she starred in Romance . For her performances in these films , she received the first of three Academy Award nominations for best actress . Academy rules at the time allowed for a performer to receive a single nomination for his or her work in more than one film . In 1932 , her success allowed her to dictate the terms of her contract , and she became increasingly selective about her roles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belle_River_Power_Plant", "text": "Belle River Power Plant is a major coal- and natural gas-fired power plant owned by Detroit Edison , a subsidiary of DTE Energy . It is located in St. Clair County , Michigan , on the peninsula formed by the St. Clair and Belle rivers . The plant was built across M-29 from the St. Clair Power Plant in East China , Michigan , and shares the coal delivery terminal with it . The Belle River plant shares cooling water from the St. Clair River with its sister plant . Five oil-fueled internal combustion generators ( named IC1 , IC2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 ) were built in 1981 , with the total output 13.75 megawatt . Coal-fired unit 1 of the Belle River plant was completed in 1984 , followed by a similar unit 2 in 1985 . Each unit has a nameplate capacity of 697.5 MWe , however the coal-fired plant as a whole generates 1260 MWe all year around . In 1999 , three peaker natural-gas fired turbines ( named 12-1 , 12-2 , and 13-1 ) were added , with the total name-plate capacity of 256 MWe . Belle River is Detroit Edison 's third largest producer of electricity . The power plant has a significant impact on the local economy , employing many residents . The Lansing Board of Water and Light owns a small portion of the power plant and buys electricity from DTE during peak demand periods ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_L._Pohl", "text": "Colonel James L. Pohl is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Army . He is notable for having been appointed as a judge on a Guantanamo military commission . He is presiding over the Commission of Khalid Sheikh Mohammad , Walid bin Attash , Ramzi bin al-Shibh , Ammar al-Baluchi , and Mustafa al-Hawsawi . From November 2011 to July 2014 , Pohl also presided over the military commission of Abd el-Rahim al-Nashiri . He is notable for serving as the judge of several of the GIs in the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse cases , and barring the demolition of Abu Ghraib because he had ruled it a crime scene . In December 2008 , Pohl was appointed to replace Ralph Kohlmann as the Chief Presiding Officer for the Military Commissions . Pohl received his J.D . from Pepperdine University in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/49th_Parallel_(film)", "text": "49th Parallel is a 1941 British war drama film ; it was the third film made by the British writer-director team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger . It was released in the United States as The Invaders . The British Ministry of Information approached Michael Powell to make a propaganda film for them , suggesting he make a film about mine-sweeping . Instead , Powell decided to make a different film to help sway opinion in the then neutral United States . Said Powell , I hoped it might scare the pants off the Americans [ and thus bring them into the war ] . Screenwriter Emeric Pressburger remarked , Goebbels considered himself an expert on propaganda , but I thought I 'd show him a thing or two . After persuading the British and Canadian governments , Powell started location filming in 1940 . The original choice to play the German officer , Lieutenant Hirth , was Archers ' stalwart Esmond Knight but he had joined the Royal Navy on the outbreak of war . Anton Walbrook as Peter donated half his fee to the International Red Cross . Raymond Massey , Laurence Olivier and Leslie Howard all agreed to work at half their normal fee , because they felt it was an important propaganda film . This is the only time that Canadian-born Massey played a Canadian on screen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warner_Valley_Ranger_Station", "text": "The Warner Valley Ranger Station , also known as the Warner Valley Patrol Cabin and Quarters 304 , is located in the southern portion of Lassen Volcanic National Park , on the access road to the Drakesbad Guest Ranch . Built in 1926 , it is unusual in its choice of construction method . While it resembles a log cabin , it was built using stacked milled 2x6 lumber to form the walls . It is the only such building known to have been built in this manner in the western regions of the National Park Service system . The interlocking boards extend past each other at the corners , forming a decorative detail . The ranger station was one of the first three building to be constructed in the park by the Park Service after the park 's 1916 establishment . The other two buildings were the Summit Lake Ranger Station , also listed on the National Register of Historic Places , and the now-demolished Butte Lake Ranger Station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Paulo_(state)", "text": "São Paulo ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w̃ ˈpawlu ] ( listen ) ) is one of the 26 states of the Federative Republic of Brazil and is named after Saint Paul of Tarsus . As the richest Brazilian state and a major industrial complex , often dubbed the locomotive of Brazil , the state is responsible for 33.9% of the Brazilian GDP . São Paulo also has the second highest Human Development Index ( HDI ) and GDP per capita , the fourth lowest infant mortality rate , the third highest life expectancy , and the third lowest rate of illiteracy among the federative units of Brazil , being by far , the safest state in the country . The homicide rate is 3.8 per 100 thousand as of 2018 , almost 1/4 of the Brazilian rate . São Paulo alone is richer than Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay and Bolivia combined . The economy of São Paulo State is the most developed in Brazil . With more than 46 million inhabitants in 2019 , São Paulo is the most populous Brazilian state , the most populous national subdivision in the Americas , and the third most populous political unit of South America , surpassed only by the rest of the Brazilian Federation and Colombia . The local population is one of the most diverse in the country and descended mostly from Italians , who began immigrating to the country in the late 19th century ; of the Portuguese , who colonized Brazil and installed the first European settlements in the region ; indigenous peoples , many distinct ethnic groups ; Africans , who were brought from Africa as slaves in the colonial era and migrants from other regions of the country . In addition , Arabs , Germans , Spanish , Japanese , Chinese , and Greeks also are present in the ethnic composition of the local population . The area that today corresponds to the state territory was already inhabited by indigenous peoples from approximately 12,000 BC . In the early 16th century , the coast of the region was visited by Portuguese and Spanish explorers and navigators . In 1532 Martim Afonso de Sousa would establish the first Portuguese permanent settlement in the Americas - the village of São Vicente , in the Baixada Santista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Run_(baseball)", "text": "In baseball , a run is scored when a player advances around first , second and third base and returns safely to home plate , touching the bases in that order , before three outs are recorded and all obligations to reach base safely on batted balls are met or assured . A player may score by hitting a home run or by any combination of plays that puts him safely on base ( that is , on first , second , or third ) as a runner and subsequently brings him home . The object of the game is for a team to score more runs than its opponent . The Official Baseball Rules hold that if the third out of an inning is a force out of a runner advancing to any base then , even if another baserunner crosses home plate before that force out is made , his run does not count . However , if the third out is not a force out , but a tag out , then if that other baserunner crosses home plate before that tag out is made , his run will count . In baseball statistics , a player who advances around all the bases to score is credited with a run ( R ) , sometimes referred to as a run scored . While runs scored is considered an important individual batting statistic , it is regarded as less significant than runs batted in ( RBIs ) . Both individual runs scored and runs batted in are heavily context-dependent ; however , the sabermetric statistic runs created provides a more sophisticated assessment of a player 's contribution toward producing runs for his team . A pitcher is likewise assessed runs surrendered in his statistics , which differentiate between standard earned runs ( for which the pitcher is statistically assigned full responsibility ) and unearned runs scored due to fielding errors , which do not count in his personal statistics . Specifically , if a fielding error occurs which affects the number of runs scored in an inning , the Official Scorer - the official in-game statistician - in order to determine how many of the runs should be classified as earned , will reconstruct the inning as if the error had not occurred . For example , with two outs , suppose a runner reaches base because of a fielding error , and then the next batter hits a two-run home run , and then the following batter then makes the third out , ending the inning . If the inning is reconstructed without the error , and if that third batter , instead of reaching on an error , registered an out , the inning would have ended there without any runs scoring ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nashville,_Tennessee", "text": "Nashville is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Tennessee . The city is the county seat of Davidson County and is located on the Cumberland River . The city 's population ranks 24th in the U.S. Named for Francis Nash , a general of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , the city was founded in 1779 . The city grew quickly due to its strategic location as a port on the Cumberland River and , in the 19th century , a railroad center . Nashville seceded with Tennessee during the American Civil War ; in 1862 it was the first state capital in the Confederacy to fall to Union troops . After the war , the city reclaimed its position and developed a manufacturing base . Since 1963 , Nashville has had a consolidated city-county government , which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system . The city is governed by a mayor , a vice-mayor , and a 40-member metropolitan council ; 35 of the members are elected from single-member districts , while the other five are elected at-large . Reflecting the city 's position in state government , Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court 's courthouse for Middle Tennessee , one of the three divisions . Nashville is a center for the music , healthcare , publishing , private prison , banking , and transportation industries . It is home to numerous colleges and universities , such as Tennessee State University , Vanderbilt University , Belmont University , Fisk University , Trevecca Nazarene University , and Lipscomb University . Entities with headquarters in the city include Asurion , Bridgestone Americas , Captain D 's , CoreCivic , Dollar General , Hospital Corporation of America , LifeWay Christian Resources , Logan 's Roadhouse , and Ryman Hospitality Properties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Prudent_(PG-96)", "text": "USS Prudent ( PG-96 ) , originally ordered as HMS Privet , was an Action-class patrol gunboat in the United States Navy . Prudent was laid down by the Morton Engine and Dry Dock Company , Ltd. , in Montreal , Quebec , on 14 August 1942 ; launched on 4 December 1942 , sponsored by Mrs. Vincent Godfrey ; delivered to the U.S. Navy on 14 August 1943 ; and commissioned on 16 August 1943 , with Lieutenant A. F. Pittman , USCG , in command ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Once_a_Thief_(1950_film)", "text": "Once a Thief is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by W. Lee Wilder starring Cesar Romero , June Havoc , Marie McDonald and Lon Chaney Jr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Dakota_Coyotes_football", "text": "The South Dakota Coyotes football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the University of South Dakota located in the U.S. state of South Dakota . The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) and are members of the Missouri Valley Football Conference . South Dakota 's first football team was fielded in 1889 . The team plays its home games at the 10,000 seat DakotaDome in Vermillion , South Dakota ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_U.S._Open_(tennis)", "text": "The 1988 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City in New York in the United States . It was the 108th edition of the US Open and was held from August 29 to September 11 , 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/XVII_Corps_(India)", "text": "XVII Corps of the Indian army is the first mountain strike corps of India which has been built as a quick reaction force and as well as counter offensive force against China along LAC . Its headquarters are located at Panagarh in West Bengal under Eastern Command . It is also known as Brahmastra Corps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gymnastics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_all-around", "text": "The men 's individual all-around , also known as the heptathlon , was one of two gymnastics events on the Gymnastics at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . As suggested by the alternate name , the competition included seven events with the scores summed to give a final score . The events were :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Pink_Floyd", "text": "Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London in 1965 . Gaining a following as a psychedelic rock group , they were distinguished for their extended compositions , sonic experimentation , philosophical lyrics and elaborate live shows , and became a leading band of the progressive rock genre . They are one of the most commercially successful and influential bands in popular music history . Pink Floyd were founded by students Syd Barrett ( guitar , lead vocals ) , Nick Mason ( drums ) , Roger Waters ( bass guitar , vocals ) , and Richard Wright ( keyboards , vocals ) . Under Barrett 's leadership , they released two charting singles and a successful debut album , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn ( 1967 ) . Guitarist and vocalist David Gilmour joined in December 1967 ; Barrett left in April 1968 due to deteriorating mental health . Waters became the primary lyricist and thematic leader , devising the concepts behind the albums The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 ) , Wish You Were Here ( 1975 ) , Animals ( 1977 ) , The Wall ( 1979 ) , and The Final Cut ( 1983 ) . The band also composed several film scores . Following personal tensions , Wright left Pink Floyd in 1979 , followed by Waters in 1985 . Gilmour and Mason continued as Pink Floyd , rejoined later by Wright . The three produced two more albums - A Momentary Lapse of Reason ( 1987 ) and The Division Bell ( 1994 ) - and toured both albums before entering a long period of inactivity . In 2005 , all but Barrett reunited for a one-off performance at the global awareness event Live 8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Una_Canción_Me_Trajo_Hasta_Aquí", "text": "Una Canción Me Trajo Hasta Aquí ( A Song Brought Me Here ) is a song written and performed by Uruguayan recording artist Jorge Drexler . It was released on February 2010 by Warner Music as the first single from his album Amar la Trama . The track was produced by Matías Cella and co-produced by Drexler and Carles Campi Campón . The album was recorded in four days , ( November 1-4 , 2009 ) at Cata Studios in Madrid , Spain , a television studio , in front of a small audience who were selected in an online contest . The reason to record the album under this format was to avoid the coldness of the recording studio . Drexler performed lead vocals , played guitar , and was joined by a band composed of additional guitarists , a rhythm section , a horn section , backup vocalists and auxiliary musicians . The song received positive reviews . Jason Birchmeier of Allmusic on his review of Amar la Trama named it a standout worthy of special mention . On her review for Billboard magazine , Judy Cantor-Navas noted that the lyrics were poetic , addressing familiar themes for the singer : fated encounters , global wanderings , the South-American experience and the universal wonder of everyday moments . Even though the song was not promoted to radio in the United States , it received two nominations at the 11th Latin Grammy Awards , Record of the Year and Song of the Year , which were awarded to Mexican band Camila for the song Mientes . While reviewing the nominees for Song of the Year , Leila Cobo , also from Billboard magazine , proclaimed the track as lilting and almost innocent that is appealing in its simplicity and arrangement ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duchy_of_Milan", "text": "The Duchy of Milan was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in northern Italy . It was created in 1395 by Gian Galeazzo Visconti , Lord of Milan , who obtained from Wenceslaus , King of the Romans , the founding diploma . At that time , it included twenty-six towns and the wide rural area of the middle Padan Plain east of the hills of Montferrat . During much of its existence , it was wedged between Savoy to the west , Venice to the east , the Swiss Confederacy to the north , and separated from the Mediterranean by Genoa to the south . The Duchy eventually fell to Habsburg Austria with the Convention of Milan during the War of the Spanish Succession . The Duchy remained an Austrian possession until 1796 , when a French army under Napoleon Bonaparte conquered it , and it ceased to exist a year later as a result of the Treaty of Campo Formio , when Austria ceded it to the new Cisalpine Republic . After the defeat of Napoleon , the Congress of Vienna of 1815 restored many other states which he had destroyed , but not the Duchy of Milan . Instead , its former territory became part of the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia , with the Emperor of Austria as its king . In 1859 , Lombardy was ceded to the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia , which would become the Kingdom of Italy in 1861 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_C._Frémont", "text": "John Charles Frémont or Fremont ( January 21 , 1813 - July 13 , 1890 ) was an American explorer , military officer , and politician . He was a US Senator from California , and in 1856 was the first Republican candidate for President of the United States . During the 1840s , he led five expeditions into the American West , and became known as The Pathfinder . During the Mexican-American War , Frémont , a major in the U.S. Army , took control of California from the California Republic in 1846 . Frémont was convicted in court-martial for mutiny and insubordination after a conflict over who was the rightful military governor of California . After his sentence was commuted and he was reinstated by President Polk , Frémont resigned from the Army . Frémont led a private fourth expedition , which cost ten lives , seeking a rail route over the mountains around the 38th parallel in the winter of 1849 . Afterwards , Frémont settled in California at Monterey while buying cheap land in the Sierra foothills . When gold was found on his Mariposa ranch , Frémont became a wealthy man during the California Gold Rush , but he was soon bogged down with lawsuits over land claims , between the dispossession of various land owners during the Mexican-American War and the explosion of Forty-Niners immigrating during the Rush . These cases were settled by the U.S. Supreme Court allowing Frémont to keep his property . Frémont 's fifth and final privately funded expedition , between 1853 and 1854 , surveyed a route for a transcontinental railroad . Frémont became one of the first two U.S. senators elected from the new state of California in 1850 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Apure", "text": "Apure State ( Spanish : Estado Apure , IPA : [ esˈtaðo aˈpuɾe ] ) is one of the 23 states ( estados ) into which Venezuela is divided . Its territory formed part of the provinces of Mérida , Maracaibo , and Barinas , in accordance with successive territorial ordinations pronounced by the colonial authorities . In 1824 the Department of Apure was created , under jurisdiction of Barinas , which laid the foundations for the current entity . In 1856 it separated from Barinas and for the first time Apure appeared as an independent province , which in 1864 acquired the status of state . In 1881 , however , a new territorial division combined Apure and Guayana to form a single state named Bolívar . In 1899 it reestablished its autonomy and finally , by means of the Constitution of 1909 , gained its current borders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985–86_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "Beginning in 1985-86 , the following rules changes were implemented :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bornholm", "text": "Bornholm ( Danish : [ pɒːnˈhɒlˀm ] ; Old Norse : Burgundaholmr ) is a Danish island in the Baltic Sea , to the east of the rest of Denmark , south of Sweden , northeast of Germany and north of the westernmost part of Poland . Occupying an area of 588.36 square kilometres ( 227.17 sq mi ) , the island had a total population on 1 January 2019 of 39,572 . Among Bornholm 's chief industrial activities are dairy farming and arts and crafts industries such as glass production and pottery using locally worked clay . Tourism is also important during the summer months . The island is home to an especially large number of Denmark 's round churches . The island is known as solskinsøen ( Sunshine Island ) because of its weather and klippeøen ( Rock Island ) because of its geology , which consists of granite , except along the southern coast . The heat from the summer is stored in the rock formations and the weather is quite warm until October . As a result of the climate , a local variety of the common fig , known as Bornholm 's Diamond , can grow locally on the island . The island 's topography consists of dramatic rock formations in the north ( unlike the rest of Denmark , which is mostly gentle rolling hills ) sloping down towards pine and deciduous forests ( greatly affected by storms in the 1950s ) , farmland in the middle and sandy beaches in the south . Strategically located in the Baltic Sea , Bornholm has been fought over for centuries . Usually it had been ruled by Denmark , but also by Sweden and Lübeck , Germany . The ruin of Hammershus , at the northwestern tip of the island , is the largest medieval fortress in northern Europe , testament to the importance of its location ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kunal_Nayyar", "text": "Kunal Nayyar ( /kʊˈnɑːl ˈnaɪ.ər/ , kuu-NAHL NY-ər ; born 30 April 1981 ) is a British-Indian actor known for his role as Raj Koothrappali in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory that aired from 2007 to 2019 . Forbes listed Nayyar as the world 's third highest-paid TV actor in 2015 and 2018 , with earnings of US $ 20 million and $ 23.5 million , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashmolean_Museum", "text": "The Ashmolean Museum of Art and Archaeology ( /æʃˈmoʊliən/ , /ˌæʃməˈliːən/ ) on Beaumont Street , Oxford , England , is the world 's first university museum . Its first building was erected in 1678-1683 to house the cabinet of curiosities that Elias Ashmole gave to the University of Oxford in 1677 . The present building was erected 1841-1845 . The museum reopened in 2009 after a major redevelopment . In November 2011 , new galleries focusing on Egypt and Nubia were unveiled . In May 2016 , the museum opened new galleries of 19th-century art ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malaysia", "text": "Malaysia ( /məˈleɪziə , -ʒə/ ( listen ) mə-LAY-zee-ə , -⁠zhə ; Malay : [ məlejsiə ] ) is a country in Southeast Asia . The federal constitutional monarchy consists of 13 states and three federal territories , separated by the South China Sea into two similarly sized regions , Peninsular Malaysia and East Malaysia ( Malaysian Borneo ) . Peninsular Malaysia shares a land and maritime border with Thailand and maritime borders with Singapore , Vietnam , and Indonesia . East Malaysia shares land and maritime borders with Brunei and Indonesia and a maritime border with the Philippines and Vietnam . Kuala Lumpur is the national capital and largest city while Putrajaya is the seat of the federal government . With a population of over 30 million , Malaysia is the world 's 44th most populous country . The southernmost point of continental Eurasia , Tanjung Piai , is in Malaysia . In the tropics , Malaysia is one of 17 megadiverse countries , home to large numbers of endemic species . Malaysia has its origins in the Malay kingdoms which , from the 18th century , became subject to the British Empire , along with the British Straits Settlements protectorate . Peninsular Malaysia was unified as the Malayan Union in 1946 . Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948 and achieved independence on 31 August 1957 . Malaya united with North Borneo , Sarawak , and Singapore on 16 September 1963 to become Malaysia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mons_Claudianus", "text": "Mons Claudianus was a Roman quarry in the eastern desert of Egypt . It consisted of a garrison , a quarrying site , and civilian and workers ' quarters . Granodiorite was mined for the Roman Empire where it was used as a building material . Mons Claudianus is located in the mountains of the Egyptian Eastern desert about midway between the Red Sea and Qena , in the present day Red Sea Governorate . Today tourists can see fragments of granite , with several artifacts such as a broken column . A number of texts written on broken pottery ( ostraca ) have been discovered at the site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sangkum_Reastr_Niyum", "text": "The Sangkum Reastr Niyum ( Khmer : សង្គមរាស្ត្រនិយម [ saŋkum riəh niʔjum ] ) , literally the community of the common people ( French : Communauté socialiste populaire , usually translated as Popular Socialist Community and commonly known simply as the Sangkum ( Khmer : សង្គម , lit . society or community ) ) , was a political organisation set up in 1955 by Prince Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia . Though it described itself as a 'movement ' rather than a political party ( members had to abjure membership of any political group ) , the Sangkum retained control of the government of Cambodia throughout the first administration of Sihanouk , from 1955 to 1970 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michel_Micombero", "text": "General Michel Micombero ( 26 August 1940 - 16 July 1983 ) was a Burundian politician and soldier who ruled the country as its first president and de facto dictator for the decade between 1966 and 1976 . Micombero was an ethnic Tutsi who began his career as an officer in the Burundian army at the time of Burundi 's independence in 1962 . He studied abroad and was given a ministerial portfolio on his return . He rose to prominence for his role in helping to crush an attempted coup d'état in October 1965 by ethnic Hutu soldiers against the country 's monarchy , itself Tutsi . In its aftermath , in 1965 and 1966 , Micombero himself instigated two further coups against the monarchy which he perceived as too moderate . The first coup forced the incumbent king into exile , propelling Micombero to the role of prime minister . The second abolished the monarchy itself , bringing Micombero to power as the first president of the new Republic of Burundi . Micombero ruled Burundi as a military dictator from 1966 . He led a one-party state which centralised the country 's institutions and adopted a neutral stance in the Cold War . Dissent was repressed and , in 1972 , an attempt to challenge Micombero 's power led to genocidal violence against the Hutu population in which around 100,000 people , mainly Hutus , were killed . His regime finally collapsed in 1976 when he was ousted in a coup d'état by another army officer Jean-Baptiste Bagaza , who installed himself as president . Micombero went into exile in Somalia where he died in 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexis_Bouvard", "text": "Alexis Bouvard ( 27 June 1767 - 7 June 1843 ) was a French astronomer . He is particularly noted for his careful observations of the irregularities in the motion of Uranus and his hypothesis of the existence of an eighth planet in the solar system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfred_Gottschalk_(biochemist)", "text": "Alfred Gottschalk ( 22 April 1894 - 4 October 1973 ) was a German biochemist who was a leading authority in glycoprotein research . During his career he wrote 216 research papers and reviews , and four books . Gottschalk was born in Aachen , the third of four children to Benjamin and Rosa Gottschalk . He choose to study medicine , from 1912 he attended the Universities of Munich , Freiburg im Breisgau and Bonn ; the War interrupted his studies , but he completed them in 1920 graduating MD from the University of Bonn . He completed clinical work experience at the medical schools of Frankfurt am Main and Würzburg and physiology-biochemistry studies at Bonn , that led to his first publications , an award from the University of Madrid and an invitation to work at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Experimental Therapy and Biochemistry with Carl Neuberg . In 1923 he married Lisbeth Berta Orgler ; together they had one son . They separated in 1950 . Gottschalk left the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biochemistry in 1926 to become Director of the Biochemical Department at the General Hospital in Szczecin . He left the hospital in 1934 following upheaval in Nazi Germany and entered private practice , left for England in the spring of 1939 , and on to Melbourne in July . He was offered a position as a biochemist by Charles Kellaway Director of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute ; he also taught biochemistry and organic chemistry at the Melbourne Technical College and later at the University of Melbourne . In 1945 he became a naturalized British citizen . In 1949 he received a DSc from the University of Melbourne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jim_Bagby,_Sr.", "text": "James Charles Jacob Bagby Sr. ( October 5 , 1889 - July 28 , 1954 ) was an American right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball . Bagby was the first pitcher to hit a home run in a modern World Series , and one of the last three pitchers to win over 30 games in one season ( 31-12 in 1920 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archaic_period_(North_America)", "text": "In the classification of the archaeological cultures of North America , the Archaic period in North America , taken to last from around 8500 to 3000 BC in the sequence of North American pre-Columbian cultural stages , is a period defined by the archaic stage of cultural development . The Archaic stage is characterized by subsistence economies supported through the exploitation of nuts , seeds , and shellfish . As its ending is defined by the adoption of sedentary farming , this date can vary significantly across the Americas . The rest of the Americas also have an Archaic Period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warwick_Farm,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Warwick Farm is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Warwick Farm is located 30 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City of Liverpool and is part of the South-western Sydney region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Cleveland_Browns_season", "text": "The 1963 Cleveland Browns season was the team 's 14th season with the National Football League . Hall of Fame running back Jim Brown led the league in rushing for the 6th time in seven seasons . As a team , the 1963 Browns gained an NFL-record 5.74 yards per carry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tonya_Edwards", "text": "Tonya LaRay Edwards ( born March 13 , 1968 ) is an American retired professional basketball player born in Flint , Michigan , currently . She was previously head coach of the Alcorn State Lady Braves basketball team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charly_Musonda_Junior", "text": "Charles Musonda ( born 15 October 1996 ) , known as Charly Musonda or Charly Musonda Junior , is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Eredivisie club Vitesse , on loan from Chelsea of the Premier League . Mainly an attacking midfielder , he can play as a winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Centennial_Coliseum", "text": "The Reno-Sparks Convention Center is a convention center in the western United States , located in Reno , Nevada . Opened 55 years ago in 1965 as Centennial Coliseum , it hosted the Big Sky Conference basketball tournament in 1983 , and also hosts boxing matches . Southwest of the airport , its elevation at street level is approximately 4,450 feet ( 1,355 m ) above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eva_Gabor", "text": "Eva Gabor ( /ˌeɪvə ɡəˈbɔːr , - ˈɡɑːbɔːr/ AY-və gə-BOR , -⁠ GAH-bor ; February 11 , 1919 - July 4 , 1995 ) was a Hungarian-American actress , businesswoman , singer , and socialite . She was widely known for her role on the 1965-71 television sitcom Green Acres as Lisa Douglas , the wife of Eddie Albert 's character , Oliver Wendell Douglas . She voiced Duchess in the Disney film The Aristocats , and Miss Bianca in Disney 's The Rescuers and The Rescuers Down Under . Gabor was successful as an actress in film , on Broadway and on television . She was also a successful businesswoman , marketing wigs , clothing and beauty products . Her elder sisters , Zsa Zsa and Magda Gabor , were also actresses and socialites ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GO!_(Australian_TV_channel)", "text": "9Go ! is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel , which was launched by the Nine Network on 9 August 2009 . It is a youthful channel that offers a mix of comedy , reality , general entertainment , movies , animation and drama aimed at people between the ages of 4 to 18 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oklahoma_State_Highway_74", "text": "State Highway 74 , usually abbreviated as SH-74 or OK-74 ( or simply Highway 74 ) is the numbering of two different highways maintained by the U.S. state of Oklahoma . These highways were once a single major north-south route , connecting Oklahoma City to more rural parts of the state . The original road stretched from SH-7 near Tatums , Oklahoma to SH-11 west of Deer Creek . Due to encroaching Interstate highways - especially Interstate 35 - the middle section of the route through Norman , Moore , and Oklahoma City was decommissioned in 1979 for reasons of redundancy . However , some maps show SH-74 as concurrent with I-35 , I-240 , and I-44 , thus linking the two sections . The north section of the route is 91 1⁄2 miles ( 147.3 km ) in length , while the southern section is 52 1⁄2 miles ( 84.5 km ) long . This leads to a total length of 144 miles ( 232 km ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chet_Ostrowski", "text": "Chester Casmir Ostrowski ( April 8 , 1930 - October 10 , 2001 ) was an American football defensive end in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins . He played college football at the University of Notre Dame , where he received BA in history , and was drafted in the tenth round of the 1952 NFL Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Sloane", "text": "Martin Sloane is Canadian author Michael Redhill 's first novel , published in 2001 by Doubleday Canada . The novel explores the disappearance of Martin Sloane , a reclusive glass artist from Toronto , through the eyes of Jolene , a young woman from Bloomington , Indiana with whom he had a longstanding casual romantic relationship . The novel was a shortlisted nominee for the 2001 Giller Prize , and won the Books in Canada First Novel Award in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TCU_Horned_Frogs_football", "text": "The TCU Horned Frogs football team is the intercollegiate football team of Texas Christian University ( TCU ) . The Horned Frogs compete in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) in the United States . Since 2012 , the Horned Frogs have been a member of the Big 12 Conference , and were previously members of the Mountain West Conference ( MWC ) , Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) , Conference USA ( C-USA ) , Southwest Conference ( SWC ) , and Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( TIAA ) . TCU began playing football in 1896 and claims national championships in 1935 and 1938 . TCU has one Heisman Trophy winner , Davey O'Brien , and has had eight former players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame . The Horned Frogs play their home games in Amon G. Carter Stadium , which is located on the TCU campus in Fort Worth . TCU ranks as the 4th best private college football school of all time , behind Notre Dame , USC , and Miami-FL . The Horned Frogs are also one of only four FBS teams to have played in all six College Football Playoff Bowls , winning all but the Fiesta and Orange . In 2017 , TCU and Coach Patterson reached their 10th 11-win season since Gary Patterson has been coaching for the program . That is the 4th most 11 win seasons since 2001 in all of college football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Itsukushima_Shrine", "text": "Itsukushima Shrine ( 厳島神社 , Itsukushima-jinja ) is a Shinto shrine on the island of Itsukushima ( popularly known as Miyajima ) , best known for its floating torii gate . It is in the city of Hatsukaichi in Hiroshima Prefecture in Japan . The shrine complex is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and the Japanese government has designated several buildings and possessions as National Treasures . The Itsukushima shrine is one of Japan 's most popular tourist attractions . It is most famous for its dramatic gate , or torii on the outskirts of the shrine , the sacred peaks of Mount Misen , extensive forests , and its aesthetic ocean view . The shrine complex itself consists of two main buildings : the Honsha shrine and the Sessha Marodo-jinja , as well as 17 other different buildings and structures that help to distinguish it . The complex is also listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and six of its buildings and possessions have been designated by the Japanese government as National Treasures . The tori gate is currently covered entirely by semi-transparent scaffolding while it is undergoing restoration works in preparation for the 2020 Olympics"}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorota_Zagórska", "text": "Dorota Siudek ( née : Zagórska ) ( Polish pronunciation : [ dɔˈrɔta ( zaˈɡurska ) ˈɕudɛk ] ; born 9 September 1975 in Kraków ) is a Polish retired pair skater who is now a coach . Her partner and husband is Mariusz Siudek . They are the 1999 World bronze medalists , two-time ( 1999 , 2000 ) European silver medalists and two-time ( 2004 , 2007 ) European bronze medalists . They were the first Polish pair to medal at the World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aaron_Rodgers", "text": "Aaron Charles Rodgers ( born December 2 , 1983 ) is an American football quarterback for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) . Rodgers played college football at California , where he set several career passing records , including lowest single-season and career interception rates . He was selected in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft by the Packers . After backing up Brett Favre for the first three years of his NFL career , Rodgers became the Packers ' starting quarterback in 2008 . In 2010 , he led them to a victory in Super Bowl XLV over the Pittsburgh Steelers , earning the Super Bowl MVP . He was named Associated Press Athlete of the Year in 2011 , and was voted league MVP by the Associated Press for the 2011 and 2014 NFL seasons . Rodgers has led the NFL four times in touchdown-to-interception ratio ( 2011 , 2012 , 2014 , 2018 ) ; and four times in lowest passing interception percentage ( 2009 , 2014 , 2018 , 2019 ) , twice in passer rating ( 2011 , 2012 ) , touchdown passing percentage ( 2011 , 2012 ) ; and once in touchdown passes ( 2016 ) and yards per attempt ( 2011 ) . Rodgers is the NFL 's all-time regular season career passer rating leader and is one of two quarterbacks to have a regular season career passer rating of over 100 , the other being Russell Wilson . Rodgers is fifth all-time in postseason career passer rating , has the best touchdown-to-interception ratio in NFL history at 4.23 , holds the league 's lowest career interception percentage at 1.5 percent and the highest single-season passer rating record of 122.5 . Due to the fact that Rodgers is the NFL 's all-time regular season career passer rating leader , and his overall high level of play and leadership , Rodgers is considered by some sportscasters and players to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fred_Rompelberg", "text": "Fred Rompelberg ( born 30 October 1945 in Maastricht ) is a Dutch cyclist who is mainly known for taking several attempts to break the Absolute World Speed Record Cycling . On 3 October 1995 he cycled behind a motor dragster on the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah , with a speed of 268.831 kilometers an hour ( 167.044 mph ) . He beat the previous record of 245 km/h held by John Howard which was obtained in 1985 at the same location in Utah . The relevant world record was broken anew in 2018 by Denise Mueller-Korenek who reached a speed of 296.009 km/h . During the seventies , eighties and nineties , Rompelberg was mostly active as a stayer . Among his victories was the Dutch Championship in 1977 . Nowadays Rompelberg is into cycling holidays on Majorca , Spain . He is married and has two daughters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fashion_(magazine)", "text": "Fashion is a Canadian fashion magazine published by St. Joseph Media . Established in 1977 , it is currently based in Toronto ( with satellite offices in Vancouver , Calgary and Montreal ) , publishes 10 issues a year and has a total readership of 1.85 million ( PMB Oct 2010 ) . The magazine covers international , national and local fashion and beauty trends and news . It aims to reach affluent , style-conscious urban women . The magazine 's first editor-in-chief was John MacKay , who had previously been responsible for Toronto Life 's men 's fashion supplements . The current editor-in-chief is Bernadette Morra . Previous to joining Fashion , Morra spent 23 years at the Toronto Star , first as fashion writer , then ( since 1993 ) as fashion editor . She left the Star in 2008 to be a freelance writer and launch a website for jewellery lovers . Bernadette has reported from the runways of Milan , London , Paris and New York , and interviewed many top fashion designers , models and celebrities including Karl Lagerfeld , Marc Jacobs , Nicolas Ghesquière , Victoria Beckham and Linda Evangelista . In 2009 , FASHION launched its men 's magazine Men 's FASHION as a bi-annual special interest publication . In 2012 , they added a Holiday issue , in addition to the Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter editions . The current editor-in-chief is Canadian journalist David Livingstone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cornwall_League_2", "text": "Tribute Cornwall 2 is an English level ten rugby union league for clubs based in Cornwall . The champions ( and in some seasons the runner-up ) are promoted to Tribute Cornwall 1 ; there is no relegation . The league had run continuously since 1987-88 , except for a two-season break , when Cornwall 2 was combined with Cornwall League 1 for seasons 2009-10 and 2010-11 . The competition recommenced in 2011-12 when it was decided to form two leagues of seven teams each . Lankelly-Fowey won the second phase and have won Cornwall 2 for the first time . St Agnes and Helston are the most successful team having won the league on five occasions each . For the 2016-17 season Cornwall 1 and Cornwall 2 were amalgamated to create the Tribute Cornwall League with fifteen teams playing each other once in the first phase . After Christmas the teams split into two leagues with the top eight playing in Cornwall One and the remainder playing in Cornwall Two . For the 2018-19 season Cornwall League 1 and Cornwall League 2 would revert to being separate divisions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2019 AFC Cup was the 16th edition of the AFC Cup , Asia 's secondary club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) . Al-Ahed won the title for the first time , defeating April 25 in the final . Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya were the title holders , having won the previous three editions of the tournament . However , they were unable to defend the title as Iraqi teams played in the AFC Champions League instead of the AFC Cup in the 2019 edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ituano_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Ituano Futebol Clube , also known as Ituano Sociedade Civil de Futebol Ltda , or Ituano as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football club from Itu in São Paulo , founded on May 24 , 1947 . The team plays in black and red stripe shirts with white shorts and socks . In 2014 , Ituano won the São Paulo State League for the second time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenfield,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Glenfield is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Glenfield is located 36 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government areas of the City of Campbelltown and is part of the Macarthur region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGPE", "text": "KGPE , virtual channel 47 ( UHF digital channel 34 ) , is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Fresno , California , United States . The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group , as part of a duopoly with NBC affiliate KSEE ( channel 24 ) . The two stations share studios on McKinley Avenue in eastern Fresno ( several blocks from Fresno Yosemite International Airport ) ; KGPE 's transmitter is located on Bear Mountain ( near Meadow Lakes ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wide_receiver", "text": "A wide receiver , also referred to as wideouts or simply receivers , is an offensive position in gridiron football , and is a key player . They get their name because they are split out wide ( near the sidelines ) , farthest away from the rest of the team . Wide receivers are among the fastest players on the field . The wide receiver functions as the pass-catching specialist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oklahoma_City_bombing", "text": "The Oklahoma City bombing was a domestic terrorist truck bombing on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States on April 19 , 1995 . Perpetrated by Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols , the bombing happened at 9:02 am and killed at least 168 people , injured more than 680 others , and destroyed one-third of the building . The blast destroyed or damaged 324 other buildings within a 16-block radius , shattered glass in 258 nearby buildings , and destroyed or burned 86 cars , causing an estimated $ 652 million worth of damage . Local , state , federal , and worldwide agencies engaged in extensive rescue efforts in the wake of the bombing , and substantial donations were received from across the country . The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) activated 11 of its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces , consisting of 665 rescue workers who assisted in rescue and recovery operations . Until the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the Oklahoma City bombing was the deadliest terrorist attack in the history of the United States , and remains the deadliest incident of domestic terrorism in the country 's history . Within 90 minutes of the explosion , McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma Highway Patrolman Charlie Hanger for driving without a license plate and arrested for illegal weapons possession . Forensic evidence quickly linked McVeigh and Nichols to the attack ; Nichols was arrested , and within days , both were charged . Michael and Lori Fortier were later identified as accomplices . McVeigh , a veteran of the Gulf War and a U.S. militia movement sympathizer , had detonated a Ryder rental truck full of explosives parked in front of the building . His co-conspirator , Nichols , had assisted with the bomb 's preparation . Motivated by his dislike for the U.S. federal government and unhappy about its handling of the Ruby Ridge incident in 1992 and the Waco siege in 1993 , McVeigh timed his attack to coincide with the second anniversary of the deadly fire that ended the siege at the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_Ol'_Kisses", "text": "Little Ol ' Kisses is a single by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin . Released in 1997 , it was the first single from Austin 's album What My Heart Already Knows . The song reached # 1 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in July 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Giants_(NL)", "text": "The San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball originated in New York City as the New York Gothams in 1883 and were known as the New York Giants from 1885 until the team relocated to San Francisco after the 1957 season . During most of their 75 seasons in New York City , the Giants played home games at various incarnations of the Polo Grounds in Upper Manhattan . Numerous inductees of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown , New York played for the New York Giants , including John McGraw , Mel Ott , Bill Terry , Willie Mays , Monte Irvin , and Travis Jackson . During the club 's tenure in New York , it won five of the franchise 's eight World Series wins and 17 of its 23 National League pennants . Famous moments in the Giants ' New York history include the 1922 World Series , in which the Giants swept the Yankees in four games , Bobby Thomson 's 1951 home run known as the Shot Heard 'Round the World , and the defensive feat by Willie Mays during the first game of the 1954 World Series known as the Catch . The Giants had intense rivalries with their fellow New York teams the New York Yankees and the Brooklyn Dodgers , facing the Yankees in six World Series and playing the league rival Dodgers multiple times per season . Games between any two of these three teams were known collectively as the Subway Series . The Dodgers-Giants rivalry continues , as both teams moved to the West Coast in California after the 1957 season , with the Dodgers relocating to Los Angeles . The New York Giants of the National Football League are named after the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pangbourne,_Berkshire", "text": "Pangbourne is a large village and civil parish on the River Thames in the English county of Berkshire . Pangbourne has its own shops , schools , a railway station on the Great Western Line and a parish hall . Outside its grouped developed area is an independent school , Pangbourne College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Office_of_the_Governor_of_Puerto_Rico", "text": "The Office of the Governor of Puerto Rico - commonly called La Fortaleza ( English : The Fortress ) - consists of the immediate staff of the Governor of Puerto Rico , as well as multiple levels of support staff reporting to the Governor . The Office is headed by the Governor and its headquarters are located at La Fortaleza . The Office used to be called the Office of Puerto Rico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Riograndense_Republic", "text": "The Riograndense Republic , often called the Piratini Republic ( Portuguese : República Rio-Grandense or República do Piratini ) , was a de facto state that seceded from the Empire of Brazil roughly coinciding with the present state of Rio Grande do Sul . It was proclaimed on 11 September 1836 , by General Antônio de Sousa Neto , as a direct consequence of the victory obtained by Gaúcho oligarchic forces at the Battle of Seival ( 1836 ) , during the Farroupilha Revolution ( 1835-1845 ) . It had a constitution adopted in 1843 and was recognised only by Britain , France , and Uruguay . In 1839 , the Riograndense Republic formed a confederation with the short-lived Juliana Republic ( Portuguese : República Juliana ) which proclaimed its independence in the same year . November 1839 , however , saw the war result in the defeat and disappearance of the Juliana Republic . The Riograndense Republic had five capitals during its nearly nine years of existence : the cities of Piratini ( for which it is often called Piratini Republic ) , Alegrete , Caçapava do Sul ( official capitals ) , Bagé ( for only two weeks ) , and São Borja . The war between the Gaúchos and the Brazilian Empire was ended by the Ponche Verde Treaty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Rosengård", "text": "FC Rosengård , formerly Malmö FF Dam ( 1970-2007 ) and LdB FC Malmö ( 2007-2013 ) , is a professional football club based in Malmö , Scania , Sweden . The team was established as Malmö FF Dam in 1970 and has played a total of 35 seasons in the women 's premier division , of which 7 in the Division 1 ( until 1987 ) and 28 in the Damallsvenskan ( since its formation in 1988 ) . The team has won the league a record ten times , the latest in 2015 . As of the end of the 2015 season , the club ranks first in the overall Damallsvenskan table . FC Rosengård play their home games at Malmö IP in Malmö . The club it merged with , FC Rosengård 1917 , has both men 's and women 's teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lommel", "text": "Lommel is a municipality and a city in the Belgian province of Limburg . The Kempen city has about 34,000 inhabitants and is part of the electoral district and the judicial district Lommel Neerpelt . Besides residential town of Lommel also has a number of nature reserves , such as the nature reserve De Watering , the Lommel Sahara , and numerous forests and heathlands . Lommel is the third shopping city in Belgian Limburg with a commercial and shopping center De Singel . Importantly , the silver sand that is mined here for the benefit of the glass industry . Some sand mining quarries are transformed into nature reserves and recreational areas , including Lommel Sahara . The city of Lommel is the watershed of the basins of the Scheldt , and Meuse , and within these basins Nete Dommel respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tanja_Frieden", "text": "Tanja Frieden ( born 6 February 1976 , in Bern ) is a Swiss snowboarder . She won a gold medal in the inaugural Snowboard Cross competition at the 2006 Winter Olympics . In the Snowboard Cross finals at the 2006 Winter Olympics , Frieden was in second place well behind the American Lindsey Jacobellis , when the latter crashed while attempting to showboat on the second to last jump . Frieden passed Jacobellis and won the gold medal . In her pocket was a Norwegian flag in memory of her friend , snowboarder Line Østvold , who died in a training accident in 2004 aged 25 . Frieden , whose mother is from Norway , is fluent in Norwegian , as well as the Swiss German dialect of her native area . She also can speak German , French and English . She is a primary school teacher in Switzerland and lives half the year near her home town by the mountains of the Bernese Oberland . The other half she is on world tour in the ski/snowboard races . After an Achilles heel injury which left her unable to defend her Olympic title , Frieden retired from snowboard cross three weeks before the Vancouver Games in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyler_Perry's_House_of_Payne_(season_1)", "text": "The first season of the Tyler Perry 's House of Payne began airing on June 6 , 2007 , and concluded on September 26 , 2007 . The season contained 37 episodes . Although this is the first season of the series , a set of 10 test episodes aired in the summer of 2006 on syndicated networks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lu_Ying-chi", "text": "Lu Ying-chi ( Chinese : 盧映錡 ; pinyin : Lú Yìngqí ; born 6 April 1985 in Pingtung County , Taiwan ) is a female weightlifter from Taiwan . At the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 8th in the 63 kg category with a total of 215 kg . She won the bronze medal in the 63 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics , with 231 kg in total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bacilos", "text": "Bacilos is a music group based in Miami , Florida , US . A leading practitioner of latin pop , the band had several hits on the Billboard Latin charts and had considerable success in the Latin Grammies , most notably , their albums Caraluna and Sin Vergüenza won the 2003 and 2005 Grammy Awards for Best Latin Pop Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baltimore_Ravens", "text": "The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore , Maryland . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) North division . The team plays its home games at M & T Bank Stadium and is headquartered in Owings Mills . The Ravens were established in 1996 , after Art Modell , who was then the owner of the Cleveland Browns , announced plans to relocate the franchise from Cleveland to Baltimore in 1995 . As part of a settlement between the league and the city of Cleveland , Modell was required to leave the Browns ' history and records in Cleveland for a replacement team and replacement personnel that would take control in 1999 . In return , he was allowed to take his own personnel and team to Baltimore , where such personnel would then form an expansion team . The Ravens have been one of the more successful franchises since their inception , having qualified for the NFL playoffs 12 times since 2000 , with two Super Bowl championship titles ( Super Bowl XXXV and Super Bowl XLVII ) , two AFC Championship titles ( 2000 and 2012 ) , 15 playoff victories , four AFC Championship game appearances ( 2000 , 2008 , 2011 and 2012 ) , six AFC North division titles ( 2003 , 2006 , 2011 , 2012 , 2018 , and 2019 ) , and are currently the only team in the NFL to hold a perfect record in multiple Super Bowl appearances . The Ravens organization was led by general manager Ozzie Newsome from 1996 until his retirement following the 2018 season , and has had three head coaches : Ted Marchibroda , Brian Billick , and since 2008 , John Harbaugh . Starting with a record-breaking defensive performance in their 2000 season , the Ravens have established a reputation for strong defensive play throughout team history , featuring Hall of Fame players like middle linebacker Ray Lewis and safety Ed Reed as well as Pro Bowl players like defensive end Terrell Suggs and defensive tackle Haloti Ngata . The team is owned by Steve Bisciotti and valued at $ 2.59 billion , making the Ravens the 29th-most valuable sports franchise in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulsan_Stadium", "text": "Ulsan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Ulsan Sports Complex , Ulsan , South Korea . Originally , there was Ulsan Civic Stadium at the same location which opened in 1970 . The original stadium was demolished in 2003 and replaced with Ulsan Sport Complex . Ulsan Sports Complex consists of the Ulsan Stadium and Dongchun Gymnasium . Ulsan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium which is mainly used for football ; it was the home ground of the Ulsan Hyundai before they moved to Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium in 2001 and was the home stadium of Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard between 2005 and 2016 . The stadium has a capacity for 19,471 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/O'Higgins_Region", "text": "The Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region ( Spanish : Región del Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins pronounced [ liβeɾtaˈðoɾ xeneˈɾal βeɾˈnaɾðo oˈçiɣins ] ) , often shortened to O'Higgins Region , is one of Chile 's 16 first order administrative divisions . It is subdivided into three provinces . It is named in honour of Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme , one of Chile 's founding fathers . The Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region is bordered to the west by the Pacific Ocean , to the east by the Republic of Argentina , to the north by the Valparaíso and Santiago Metropolitan Regions , and to the south by the Maule Region . It extends approximately between the parallels of 33° 51 ' and 35° 01 ' south latitude , and between the meridian of 70° 02 ' west longitude and the Pacific Ocean . The capital and largest city of the region is Rancagua . The second major town is San Fernando ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_E._Rogers", "text": "Mark E. Rogers ( April 19 , 1952 - February 2 , 2014 ) was an American author and illustrator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hedy_Schlunegger", "text": "Hedy Kaufmann-Schlunegger ( 10 March 1923 - 3 July 2003 ) was a Swiss alpine skier . At the 1948 Winter Olympics , Hedy Schlunegger was the first Olympic Gold medalist in Lady 's Downhill skiing . After her success in skiing , Hedy Kaufmann-Schlunegger and her husband managed a sporting goods store in Grindelwald . Olympic medalist Martina Schild is her granddaughter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iran_national_handball_team", "text": "The Iran national handball team is the national handball team of Iran and is controlled by the IR Iran Handball Federation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nigel_Bond", "text": "Nigel Bond ( born 15 November 1965 ) is an English professional snooker player . Bond has competed on the main tour since 1989 , and was ranked within the world 's top 16 players between 1992 and 1999 , peaking at 5th for the 1996/1997 season . He reached the final of the World Championship in 1995 , where he lost 9-18 to Stephen Hendry , and won the 1996 British Open , defeating John Higgins 9-8 . Having reached the final of three other ranking tournaments , Bond won the 2011 Snooker Shoot-Out and , in 2012 , defeated Tony Chappel to win the World Seniors Championship . He retained his place in the top 64 until 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armenia,_Colombia", "text": "Armenia ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aɾˈme.nja ] ) is the capital of Quindio Department . It is one of the main centers of the national economy and of the Colombian coffee growing axis . Armenia is a medium-sized city and part of the coffee triangle with Pereira and Manizales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1933_Marquette_Golden_Avalanche_football_team", "text": "The 1933 Marquette Golden Avalanche football team was an American football team that represented Marquette University as an independent during the 1933 college football season . In its 12th season under head coach Frank Murray , the team compiled a 3-4-1 record and was outscored by a total of 82 to 62 . The team played its home games at Marquette Stadium in Milwaukee . Frank Murray was Marquette 's head football coach for 19 years and was posthumously inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Beyond_Belief:_Fact_or_Fiction_episodes", "text": "Beyond Belief : Fact or Fiction is an American television anthology series created by Lynn Lehmann , presented by Dick Clark Productions , and produced and aired by the Fox network from 1997 to 2002 . Each episode featured stories , all of which appeared to defy logic , and some of which were allegedly based on actual events . The viewer was offered the challenge of determining which are true and which are false . At the end of the show , it was revealed to the viewer whether the tales were true or works of fiction . The series was hosted by James Brolin in season one and by Jonathan Frakes in seasons two , three and four . The show was narrated by Don LaFontaine for the first three seasons and by Campbell Lane for the fourth and final season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PricewaterhouseCoopers", "text": "PricewaterhouseCoopers is a multinational professional services network of firms operating as partnerships under the PwC brand . The term PwC may be used to refer to an individual member firm within the PwC network , or to several or all of them collectively . PwC ranks as the second largest professional services firm network in the world and is considered one of the Big Four accounting firms , along with Deloitte , EY and KPMG . PwC firms operate in 158 countries , 721 locations , with 250,930 people . As of 2018 , 28% of the workforce worked in Asia , 28% in North America and the Caribbean and 30% in Western Europe . The company 's global revenues were $ 41.3 billion in FY 2018 , of which $ 17.06 billion was generated by its Assurance practice , $ 10.45 billion by its Tax practice and $ 13.78 billion by its Advisory practice . PwC provides services to 420 out of 500 Fortune 500 companies . The firm in its present form was created in 1998 by a merger between two accounting firms ; Coopers & Lybrand , and Price Waterhouse . Both firms had histories dating back to the 19th century . The trading name was shortened to PwC in September 2010 as part of a rebranding effort . PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited , based in London , United Kingdom is a co-ordinating entity for the global network of firms . It manages the global brand and develops policies and initiatives to create a common and coordinated approach in areas such as risk , quality and strategy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_&_Verlin", "text": "Henry & Verlin is a 1994 Canadian film directed by Gary Ledbetter and starring Gary Farmer , Keegan MacIntosh , and Margot Kidder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Farisham_Ismail", "text": "Mohd Farisham bin Ismail ( born 5 January 1985 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Malaysia Premier League club Kelantan . He primarily plays as a left back but can also operate as a centre-back . He is described as an aggressive ball-playing defender . Born in Tumpat , Kelantan and began his youth career playing for Kelantan President 's Cup team in 2003 to 2004 . Due to the nature of his leadership , he was appointed as the captain of the team at that time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clutha_District", "text": "Clutha District is a local government district of southern New Zealand , with its headquarters in the Otago town of Balclutha . The Clutha District has a land area of 6,362.86 km² ( 2,456.71 sq mi ) and a 2006 census population of 16,839 usual residents . Clutha District occupies the majority of the geographical area known as South Otago ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivory_Coast", "text": "Ivory Coast , formally Côte d'Ivoire , [ a ] officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire , is a country located on the south coast of West Africa . Ivory Coast 's political capital is Yamoussoukro in the centre of the country , while its economic capital and largest city is the port city of Abidjan . It borders Guinea to the northwest , Liberia to the west , Mali to the northwest , Burkina Faso to the northeast , Ghana to the east , and the Gulf of Guinea ( Atlantic Ocean ) to the south . The official language of the republic is French , with local indigenous languages also being widely used that include Baoulé , Dioula , Dan , Anyin , and Cebaara Senufo . In total , there are around 78 different languages spoken in Ivory Coast . The country has large populations of Muslims , Christians ( primarily Roman Catholics ) and various indigenous religions . Before its colonization by Europeans , Ivory Coast was home to several states , including Gyaaman , the Kong Empire and Baoulé . The area became a protectorate of France in 1843 and was consolidated as a French colony in 1893 amid the European scramble for Africa . It achieved independence in 1960 , led by Félix Houphouët-Boigny , who ruled the country until 1993 . Relatively stable by regional standards , Ivory Coast established close political and economic ties with its West African neighbors while at the same time maintaining close relations to the West , especially France . Ivory Coast experienced a coup d'état in 1999 and two religiously-grounded civil wars , first between 2002 and 2007 and again during 2010-2011 . In 2000 , the country adopted a new constitution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans_Brandner", "text": "Hans Brandner ( born 19 February 1949 in Berchtesgaden , Bavaria ) is a German former luger who competed for West Germany from the early 1970s to the early 1980s . Competing in three Winter Olympics , He won the silver medal in the men 's doubles event at Innsbruck in 1976 . Brandner also won two medals at the men 's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Championships with a gold in 1979 and a bronze in 1977 . He also won four medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL European Luge Championships with one gold ( 1977 ) , one silver ( 1972 ) , and two bronzes ( 1973 , 1980 ) . Brandner 's best overall finish in the men 's doubles Luge World Cup was second in the inaugural 1977-8 season . Later he managed with his wife the Hochkalter hotel ( named after the nearby Hochkalter mountains ) in Ramsau near Berchtesgaden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mr._and_Mrs._Beaver", "text": "Mr. and Mrs. Beaver are fictional characters in C. S. Lewis 's The Chronicles of Narnia . In The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe they are instrumental in conveying the Pevensie children to Aslan , and they appear briefly in the final novel The Last Battle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_China", "text": "Taiwan ( Chinese : 臺灣 ; pinyin : Táiwān ) , [ II ] officially the Republic of China ( ROC ) , [ I ] is a state in East Asia . Neighbouring states include the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) to the north-west , Japan to the north-east , and the Philippines to the south . The island of Taiwan has an area of 35,808 square kilometres ( 13,826 sq mi ) , with mountain ranges dominating the eastern two-thirds and plains in the western third , where its highly urbanised population is concentrated . Taipei is the capital and largest metropolitan area . Other major cities include Kaohsiung , Taichung , Tainan and Taoyuan . With 23.7 million inhabitants , Taiwan is among the most densely populated states , and is the most populous state and largest economy that is not a member of the United Nations ( UN ) . Taiwanese indigenous peoples settled the island of Taiwan around 6,000 years ago . In the 17th century , Dutch rule opened the island to mass Han immigration . After the brief Kingdom of Tungning in parts of the southern and western areas of the island , the island was annexed in 1683 by the Qing dynasty of China , and ceded to the Empire of Japan in 1895 . Following the surrender of Japan in 1945 , the Republic of China , which had overthrown and succeeded the Qing in 1911 , took control of Taiwan on behalf of the World War II Allies . The resumption of the Chinese Civil War led to the loss of the mainland to the Communist Party of China and the flight of the ROC government to Taiwan in 1949 . Although the ROC government continued to claim to be the legitimate representative of China , since 1950 its effective jurisdiction has been limited to Taiwan and numerous smaller islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fjällräven_Center", "text": "Fjällräven Center ( formerly Swedbank Arena ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Örnsköldsvik , Sweden . The capacity of the arena is 7,350 for ice hockey games and 9,800 for concerts , and the arena was opened on 26 August 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Pretenders", "text": "The Pretenders are an English-American rock band formed in March 1978 . The original band consisted of founder and main songwriter Chrissie Hynde ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , James Honeyman-Scott ( lead guitar , backing vocals , keyboards ) , Pete Farndon ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) , and Martin Chambers ( drums , backing vocals , percussion ) . Following the drug-related deaths of Honeyman-Scott and Farndon , the band experienced numerous subsequent personnel changes . Hynde has been the band 's only consistent member . The Pretenders ' hit songs include Brass in Pocket ( 1979 ) , Talk of the Town ( 1980 ) , Message of Love ( 1981 ) , Back on the Chain Gang ( 1982 ) , Middle of the Road ( 1983 ) , 2000 Miles ( 1983 ) , Do n't Get Me Wrong ( 1986 ) , My Baby ( 1986 ) , and I 'll Stand by You ( 1994 ) . The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parker,_Arizona", "text": "Parker ( Mojave 'Amat Kuhwely , formerly 'Ahwe Nyava ) is the county seat of La Paz County , Arizona , United States , on the Colorado River in Parker Valley . The population was 3,083 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heckler_&_Koch_MP5", "text": "The MP5 ( German : Maschinenpistole 5 ) is a 9x19mm Parabellum submachine gun , developed in the 1960s by a team of engineers from the German small arms manufacturer Heckler & Koch GmbH ( H & K ) of Oberndorf am Neckar . There are over 100 variants of the MP5 , including some semi-automatic versions . The MP5 is one of the most widely used submachine guns in the world , having been adopted by 40 nations and numerous military , law enforcement , intelligence , and security organizations . It was widely used by SWAT teams in North America , but has largely been supplanted by M16 variants in the 21st century . In 1999 , Heckler & Koch developed the Heckler & Koch UMP , the MP5 's successor ; both are available as of 2019 [ update ] . It however , was not met with the same level of success ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lawrence_Berkeley_National_Laboratory", "text": "Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) , commonly referred to as Berkeley Lab , is a United States national laboratory that conducts scientific research on behalf of the United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) . It is located in the Berkeley Hills near Berkeley , California , overlooking the main campus of the University of California , Berkeley . It is managed and operated by the University of California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ventura,_California", "text": "Ventura , officially the City of San Buenaventura , is the county seat of Ventura County , California , United States . The coastal site , set against undeveloped hills and flanked by two free-flowing rivers , has been inhabited for thousands of years . European explorers encountered a Chumash village , referred to as Shisholop , here while traveling along the Pacific coast . They witnessed the ocean navigation skill of the native people and their use of the abundant local resources from sea and land . ( p36 ) The eponymous Mission San Buenaventura was founded nearby in 1782 where it benefitted from the water of the Ventura River . The town grew around the mission compound and incorporated in 1866 . The development of nearby oil fields in the 1920s and the age of automobile travel created a major real estate boom during which many designated landmark buildings were constructed . The mission and these buildings are at the center of a downtown that has become a cultural , retail , and residential district and visitor destination . Ventura lies between Los Angeles and Santa Barbara along U.S. Route 101 , which was one of the original U.S . Routes . The highway is now known as the Ventura Freeway , but the original route through the town along Main Street has been designated El Camino Real , the historic pathway connecting the California missions . During the post-World War II economic expansion , the community grew easterly , building detached single-family homes over the rich agricultural land created by the Santa Clara River at the edge of the Oxnard Plain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Buffalo_Bills_season", "text": "The 2004 Buffalo Bills season was their 45th in the National Football League . The team improved upon their previous season 's output of 6-10 , finishing 9-7 . However , this was the fifth straight season in which the team missed the playoffs . Buffalo needed a win in the final game of the season against the Pittsburgh Steelers to qualify for the playoffs . However , despite the Steelers playing their third-stringers ( which , notably , included Willie Parker , who would have his breakout performance in the game ) , Buffalo lost and subsequently missed the playoffs . It was the only winning season that Buffalo had in the 2000s ( 2000-2009 ) and would be the Bills ' last winning season until 2014 . According to Football Outsiders , who has tracked every play in the NFL since the early 1990s , the 2004 Bills are statistically the best NFL team ( in their record-keeping history ) to have failed to qualify for the playoffs . The Bills set an NFL record by returning six kickoffs for touchdowns in 2004 . Their match with the Miami Dolphins in Week 6 is the only time in the NFL since 1968 that the last two winless teams have met each other ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edgar_Winter", "text": "Edgar Holland Winter ( born December 28 , 1946 ) is an American musician , songwriter , and record producer . He is known for being a multi-instrumentalist - keyboardist , guitarist , saxophonist and percussionist - as well as a singer . His success peaked in the 1970s with his band The Edgar Winter Group and their popular songs Frankenstein and Free Ride ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Congregation_for_the_Oriental_Churches", "text": "The Congregation for the Oriental Churches ( Latin : Congregatio pro Ecclesiis Orientalibus ) is a dicastery of the Roman Curia , and the curial congregation responsible for contact with the Eastern Catholic Churches for the sake of assisting their development and protecting their rights . It also maintains whole and entire in the one Catholic Church , alongside the liturgical , disciplinary , and spiritual patrimony of the Latin Rite , the heritage and Oriental canon law of the various Eastern Catholic traditions . It has exclusive authority over the following regions : Egypt and the Sinai Peninsula , Eritrea and northern Ethiopia , southern Albania and Bulgaria , Cyprus , Greece , Iran , Iraq , Lebanon , Palestine ( Israel and the Palestinian territories ) , Syria , Jordan and Turkey , and also oversees jurisdictions based in Romania , Southern Italy , Hungary , India and Ukraine . It was founded by the Motu Proprio Dei Providentis of Pope Benedict XV as the Sacred Congregation for the Oriental Church on 1 May 1917 and considers those matters , whether concerning persons or things , affecting the Catholic Oriental Churches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cripple_Creek_Historic_District", "text": "Cripple Creek Historic District is a historic district including Cripple Creek , Colorado , United States and is significant for its gold mining era history . It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961 . Many Cripple Creek buildings post-date the gold mining era . The district includes a number of surviving structures , possibly including the following seven :"}
{"title": "/wiki/W_Racing_Team", "text": "W Racing Team ( WRT ) is a Belgian auto racing team founded in 2009 by engineer and former head of Volkswagen Motorsport René Verbist , racing driving Vincent Vosse , and entrepreneur Yves Weerts . The team campaigns Audi R8 LMSs in several national and international sports car series , as well as Volkswagen Scirocco GT24s in the Belgian Touring Car Series . Through their association with the two brands , the team receives major support from the Belgian Audi Club and Belgian Volkswagen Club . In 2010 the team won the Belcar Drivers ' and Teams ' Championships , while in 2011 they won the Spa 24 Hours . After winning multiple titles in various GT championships , WRT is considered to be one of the best teams worldwide in GT racing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Secretary_of_Government_of_Puerto_Rico_(minister)", "text": "The Chief of Staff of Puerto Rico ( ) is the highest-ranking officer in the executive branch of the government of Puerto Rico after the governor and the secretary of state . The Chief of Staff leads the Secretariat of Governance and is charged with managing and overseeing almost all executive agencies while assisting and advising the governor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Justin_van_Tergouw", "text": "Justin Jeremy van Tergouw ( born 20 April 2000 in Utrecht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch darts player who currently plays in British Darts Organisation events . He won the 2017 BDO World Youth Darts Championship and 2018 BDO World Youth Darts Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_1994_Asian_Games", "text": "The Boxing Tournament at the 1994 Asian Games was held in Naka Ward Sports Center , Hiroshima , Japan from October 4 to October 13 , 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josh_Duhamel", "text": "Joshua David Duhamel ( /dəˈmɛl/ ; born November 14 , 1972 ) is an American actor and former fashion model . After various modeling work , he made his acting debut as Leo du Pres on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and later starred as Danny McCoy on NBC 's Las Vegas . Duhamel has ventured into film , appearing as one of the main protagonists in four of the Transformers films , most recently in the fifth entry , Transformers : The Last Knight ( 2017 ) . He has also appeared in When in Rome ( 2010 ) , Life as We Know It ( 2010 ) , New Year 's Eve ( 2011 ) , Safe Haven ( 2013 ) , and You 're Not You ( 2014 ) . In 2015 , Duhamel co-starred on the short-lived CBS crime drama Battle Creek . He also starred in two video games , most notably Call of Duty : WWII ( 2017 ) . In 2018 , he appeared in the romantic comedy-drama film Love , Simon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenn_Close", "text": "Glenn Close ( born March 19 , 1947 ) is an American actress , singer , and producer . Regarded as one of the greatest actresses of her generation , she is the recipient of numerous accolades , including three Primetime Emmy Awards , three Tony Awards , and three Golden Globe Awards . Close is a seven-time Academy Award nominee . In 2016 , Close was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame , and in 2019 , Time magazine named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world . Close majored in theater and anthropology at the College of William & Mary . She began her professional career on stage in 1974 with Love for Love and was mostly a New York stage actress until the early 1980s . Her work included Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play . Her film debut came in The World According to Garp ( 1982 ) , which was followed by supporting roles in the films The Big Chill ( 1983 ) and The Natural ( 1984 ) ; all three earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . Close went on to establish herself as a leading lady in Hollywood with roles in Fatal Attraction ( 1987 ) and Dangerous Liaisons ( 1988 ) , both of which earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress . Close won two more Tony Awards for Death and the Maiden in 1992 and Sunset Boulevard in 1995 . She won her first Primetime Emmy Award for the 1995 television drama film Serving in Silence : The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story , and she continued a successful career in Hollywood with starring roles in Reversal of Fortune ( 1990 ) , 101 Dalmatians ( 1996 ) , and Air Force One ( 1997 ) , among others . Further television work came for Close in the 2000s , with her portrayal of Eleanor of Aquitaine in the 2003 television film The Lion in Winter earning her a Golden Globe Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palora", "text": "Palora is a town in the Morona Santiago province of Ecuador . It is the seat of the Palora Canton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natalie_Darwitz", "text": "Natalie Rose Darwitz ( born October 13 , 1983 ) is an American ice hockey player . Natalie was the Captain of the US Women 's National Team for several seasons beginning with the 2007-08 season . She has won three World Championships since 2005 , and has two Olympic silver medals and one bronze medal in Women 's ice hockey for the US ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Popular_Socialist_Party_(Brazil)", "text": "Cidadania ( Portuguese : Citizenship ) is a Brazilian political party . It was once named Popular Socialist Party ( Portuguese : Partido Popular Socialista ) , but the National Convention approved the new naming , and it was later approved by the Superior Electoral Court ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Law_&_Order:_Special_Victims_Unit", "text": "Law & Order : Special Victims Unit ( often abbreviated to Law & Order : SVU or just SVU ) is an American crime drama television series created by Dick Wolf for NBC . It stars Mariska Hargitay as Captain Olivia Benson , the commanding officer of the Special Victims Unit and formerly a lead detective , located in a fictionalized version of the New York City Police Department . Christopher Meloni played the other lead detective , Elliot Stabler , until departing from the series after 12 seasons . Law & Order : Special Victims Unit follows the style of the original Law & Order in that episodes are often ripped from the headlines or loosely based on real crimes that have received media attention . The show premiered on September 20 , 1999 as the second series in Wolf 's successful Law & Order franchise . After the premiere of the 21st season in September 2019 , the series became the longest-running US live action series on television . As of February 13 , 2020 , Law & Order : Special Victims Unit has aired 472 original episodes , surpassing the episode count of the original Law & Order series . It was nominated for and won numerous awards , including the 2006 Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series awarded to Mariska Hargitay ; the first Emmy to be received by a regular on any Law & Order series . On March 29 , 2019 , NBC renewed the series for a record-breaking twenty-first season , which premiered on September 26 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yuen_Long_District", "text": "Yuen Long District ( Chinese : 元朗區 ; Cantonese Yale : Yùhn lóhng kēui , formerly romanised as Un Long ) is one of the districts of Hong Kong . Located in the northwest of the New Territories , it had a population of 449,070 in 2001 . The district has the youngest population of Hong Kong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Addison_Road_station", "text": "Addison Road ( also known as Addison Road-Seat Pleasant ) is an island-platformed Washington Metro station in Seat Pleasant , Maryland , United States . The station was opened on November 22 , 1980 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . Providing service for the Blue and Silver Lines , the station is located near the residential area of Seat Pleasant on Central Avenue near Addison Road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_Dubai_24_Hour", "text": "The 2009 TOYO Tires Dubai 24 Hour was the 4th running of the Dubai 24 Hour endurance event . The race was held at the Dubai Autodrome and was organized by the promoter Creventic . The official event commenced on 8 January and finished on 10 January 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carolina_Panthers", "text": "The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina . The Panthers compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) South division . The team is headquartered in Bank of America Stadium in uptown Charlotte ; the stadium also serves as the team 's home field . They are one of the few NFL teams to own the stadium they play in , which is legally registered as Panthers Stadium , LLC . The Panthers are supported throughout the Carolinas ; although the team has played its home games in Charlotte since 1996 , it played home games at Memorial Stadium in Clemson , South Carolina during its first season . The team hosts its annual training camp at Wofford College in Spartanburg , South Carolina . The Panthers were announced as the league 's 29th franchise in 1993 , and began play in 1995 under original owner and founder Jerry Richardson . The Panthers played well in their first two years , finishing 7-9 in 1995 ( an all-time best for an NFL expansion team 's first season ) and 12-4 the following year , winning the NFC West before ultimately losing to the eventual Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship Game . They did not have another winning season until 2003 , when they won the NFC Championship Game and reached Super Bowl XXXVIII , losing 32-29 to the New England Patriots . After recording playoff appearances in 2005 and 2008 , the team failed to record another playoff appearance until 2013 , the first of three consecutive NFC South titles . After losing in the divisional round to the San Francisco 49ers in 2013 and the Seattle Seahawks in 2014 , the Panthers returned to the Super Bowl in 2015 , but lost to the Denver Broncos . The Panthers have reached the playoffs eight times , advancing to four NFC Championship Games and two Super Bowls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_of_Hamilton", "text": "Duke of Hamilton is a title in the Peerage of Scotland , created in 1643 . It is the senior dukedom in that Peerage ( except for the Dukedom of Rothesay held by the Sovereign 's eldest son ) , and as such its holder is the Premier Peer of Scotland , as well as being head of both the House of Hamilton and the House of Douglas . The title , the town of Hamilton in Lanarkshire , and many places around the world are named after members of the Hamilton family . The Ducal family 's surname , originally Hamilton , is now Douglas-Hamilton . Since 1711 , the Dukedom has been held together with the Dukedom of Brandon in the Peerage of Great Britain , and the Dukes since that time have been styled Duke of Hamilton and Brandon , along with several other subsidiary titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Empire_Awards", "text": "The Empire Awards is an annual British awards ceremony honoring cinematic achievements in the local and global film industry . Winners are awarded the Empire Award statuette . The awards , first presented in 1996 , are presented by the British film magazine Empire with the winners voted by the readers of the magazine . The 23rd Empire Awards , the most recent ceremony , honoring films in 2017 , was held on 18 March 2018 in London , England . The awards are sponsored by Jameson Irish Whiskey since the 14th Empire Awards and since then are officially called the Jameson Empire Awards . The official sponsor of the Awards changed to Rakuten TV for the 23rd Empire Awards . Since 2018 , the Empire Awards have discontinued for unknown reasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014–15_NCAA_Division_I_women's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2014-15 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season began in November and ended with the Final Four in Tampa , Florida , April 5-7 . Practices officially began on October 3 . This was the final season in which NCAA women 's basketball games were played in 20-minute halves . Beginning with the 2015-16 season , the women 's game switched to 10-minute quarters , the standard for FIBA and WNBA play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1956", "text": "Miss World 1956 , the sixth edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 15 October 1956 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . 24 contestants competed for the Miss World . The winner was Petra Schürmann , who represented Germany . She was crowned by Miss World 1955 , Susana Duijm of Venezuela . The announcement of the winner was marked by a moment of confusion . The United States representative , Miss USA 1956 first runner-up Betty Lane Cherry , was given the winner 's sash to wear just before the ceremony , and briefly it was reported that she was the winner . She ultimately was named as the first runner-up , commenting to the press that two seconds do n't make one first ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Largs_Thistle_F.C.", "text": "Largs Thistle Football Club are a Scottish football club , based in the town of Largs , North Ayrshire . Nicknamed The Theesel , they were formed in 1889 and play at Barrfields Park . Currently playing in the SJFA West Premiership , they wear gold and black strips . Their main rivals are Beith Juniors and Kilbirnie Ladeside . The team are managed since October 2016 by Stuart Davidson , who stepped up from his assistants role following the resignation of previous manager Bryan Slavin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AccuRev_SCM", "text": "AccuRev is a software configuration management application developed by AccuRev , Inc. and was first released in 1999 . In December 2013 AccuRev was acquired by Micro Focus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clan_Mackinnon", "text": "Clan Mackinnon or Clan Fingon ( Scottish Gaelic : Clann MhicFhionghain [ ˈkʰl̪ˠãũn̪ˠ vĩçˈkʲiŋɣɛn ] ) is a Highland Scottish clan associated with the islands of Mull and Skye , in the Inner Hebrides . Popular tradition gives the clan a Dalriadic Gaelic origin . The 19th-century historian W. F. Skene named the clan as one of the seven clans of Siol Alpin , who according to Skene could all trace their ancestry back to Alpin , father of Cináed mac Ailpín . Popular tradition has been until recently to consider Cináed mac Ailpín the first King of Scots and a Gael , however recent research speculates Cináed was a Pictish king and possibly even a Pict himself . Sir Iain Moncreiffe of that Ilk speculated that Clan Mackinnon belonged to the kindred of Saint Columba , noting the Mackinnon Arms bore the hand of the saint holding the Cross , and the several Mackinnon abbots of Iona . The Mackinnon clan took part in the thirty years war with neighbouring clans such as MacKay , and McFarlane . Early history states that the Mackinnon clan was one of the most powerful clans in highland Scotland . Though little is known of the early history of the clan , it is likely to have served under the Lords of the Isles . After the forfeiture of the Lordship of the Isles in 1493 the clan would have gained some independence , and was at various times allied or at war with neighbouring clans such as the MacLeans and the MacDonalds . The clan supported the Jacobites in the 17th and 18th centuries , and tradition has the chief of the clan aiding in the escape of Bonnie Prince Charlie in his flight to France . Because of their support for the last Jacobite rebellion the Mackinnon chiefs lost the last of their ancient clan lands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Assassination_(2015_film)", "text": "Assassination ( Korean : 암살 ; Hanja : 暗殺 ; RR : Amsal ) is a 2015 South Korean espionage action film co-written and directed by Choi Dong-hoon . The film is currently the eighth-highest-grossing movie in Korean film history with over 12.7 million admissions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_union_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Rugby union at the 1908 Summer Olympics . The event was summarised under the Football heading along with association football . The host Great Britain was represented by Cornwall , the 1908 county champion . Defending Olympic champions France withdrew , leaving Australasia , ( represented in rugby by the Australia national team exclusively ) as the only other remaining entrant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarawak_Stadium", "text": "Sarawak Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kuching , Malaysia . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium has a capacity of 40,000 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elements_Mall", "text": "Elements Mall , also known as MSR Regaliaa Elements Mall , is a shopping mall in Nagavara , Bangalore developed by Karnani Group . The mall has several shopping stores , dining centres and a seven-screen PVR multiplex . It is located close to Manyata Tech Park . On the Thanisandra main road which connects to the signal below the Nagavara flyover ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Zealand_national_cricket_team", "text": "The New Zealand national cricket team represents New Zealand in men 's international cricket . Nicknamed the Black Caps , they played their first Test in 1930 against England in Christchurch , becoming the fifth country to play Test cricket . From 1930 New Zealand had to wait until 1956 , more than 26 years , for its first Test victory , against the West Indies at Eden Park in Auckland . They played their first ODI in the 1972-73 season against Pakistan in Christchurch . The current captain in all formats of the game is Kane Williamson , who replaced Brendon McCullum after the latter 's retirement in December 2015 . The national team is organised by New Zealand Cricket . The New Zealand cricket team became known as the Black Caps in January 1998 , after its sponsor at the time , Clear Communications , held a competition to choose a name for the team . This is one of many national team nicknames related to the All Blacks . As of 8 September 2019 , New Zealand have played 1324 international matches , winning 505 , losing 599 , tying 12 and drawing 165 matches while 43 matches ended as no result . The team is ranked 2nd in Tests , 3rd in ODIs and 6th in T20Is by the ICC . New Zealand defeated South Africa in the semi final of the 2015 World Cup , which was their first win in the a world cup semi final and hence they made their maiden appearance in a World Cup Final , but they ultimately lost to Trans-Tasman rivals Australia . In the next World Cup in 2019 , New Zealand again reached the final which they lost to the hosts England on boundary count after the match and the subsequent Super Over both ended as ties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marienlyst_Stadion", "text": "The Marienlyst Stadion has been the home ground of Strømsgodset Toppfotball since 1967 . It 's located on Marienlyst in Drammen , Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Jacksonville_Jaguars_seasons", "text": "This is a list of seasons completed by the Jacksonville Jaguars American football franchise of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The list documents the season-by-season records of the Jaguars ' franchise from 1995 to present , including postseason records , and league awards for individual players or head coaches . The Jaguars , along with the Carolina Panthers , joined the NFL as 1995 expansion teams . Jacksonville is one of four teams to have never played in a Super Bowl . They have played in the AFC Championship in the 1996 , 1999 , and 2017 seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania", "text": "Pennsylvania ( /ˌpɛnsəlˈveɪniə/ ( listen ) PEN-səl-VAY-nee-ə ) , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a state located in the Northeastern , Great Lakes , Appalachian , and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States . The Appalachian Mountains run through its middle . The Commonwealth is bordered by Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east . Pennsylvania is the 33rd-largest state by area , and the 5th-most populous state according to the most recent official U.S. Census count in 2010 . It is the 9th-most densely populated of the 50 states . Pennsylvania 's two most populous cities are Philadelphia ( 1,580,863 ) , and Pittsburgh ( 302,407 ) . The state capital and its 10th-largest city is Harrisburg . Pennsylvania has 140 miles ( 225 km ) of waterfront along Lake Erie and the Delaware River . The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States ; it came into being in 1681 as a result of a royal land grant to William Penn , the son of the state 's namesake . Part of Pennsylvania ( along the Delaware River ) , together with the present State of Delaware , had earlier been organized as the Colony of New Sweden . It was the second state to ratify the United States Constitution , on December 12 , 1787 . Independence Hall , where the United States Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were drafted , is located in the state 's largest city of Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Union_Methodist_Church", "text": "Old Union Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located 0.2 miles ( 0.32 km ) north of Blackbird Crossroads on U.S. 13 in Townsend , New Castle County , Delaware . It was built in 1847 , and is a two-story , brick meeting house measuring 40 feet by 60 feet . It is surrounded by a cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madawaska—Restigouche", "text": "Madawaska - Restigouche is a federal electoral district in New Brunswick , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1997 . Its population in 2001 was 65,877 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Denham", "text": "Great Denham is a village and civil parish located in Bedfordshire , England , on the western outskirts of Bedford . The village is the location of Bedford Golf Course ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dirk_Sparidans", "text": "Dirk Sparidans ( born 5 March 1989 ) is a Dutch male volleyball player . He is part of the Netherlands men 's national volleyball team . On club level he plays for Vaše Kladno ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bucaramanga", "text": "Bucaramanga ( Spanish pronunciation : [ bukaɾaˈmaŋɡa ] ) is the capital and largest city of the department of Santander , Colombia . Bucaramanga has the fifth-largest economy by GDP in Colombia , has the highest GDP per capita in Colombia , has the lowest unemployment rate and has the ninth-largest population in the country , with 581,130 people . Bucaramanga has over 160 parks scattered throughout the city and has been given the nickname La Ciudad de Los Parques ( The City of Parks ) and La Ciudad Bonita de Colombia ( Colombia 's Beautiful City ) . Bucaramanga has grown rapidly since the 1960s , mostly into neighboring locations within the metropolitan area . Floridablanca , Girón and Piedecuesta are inextricably linked geographically and commercially with Bucaramanga , and now all form together the Bucaramanga Metropolitan Area in Colombia with 1,141,671 inhabitants . The city is the base of the Colombian Petroleum Institute ( ICP ) , the research branch of the state oil company Ecopetrol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1919–20_Prima_Categoria", "text": "The 1919-20 Prima Categoria season was won by Internazionale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louisiana's_3rd_congressional_district", "text": "Louisiana 's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Louisiana . The district covers the southwestern and south central portion of the state , ranging from the Texas border to the Atchafalaya River . The district is currently represented by Republican Clay Higgins , a former sheriff 's deputy from Point Barre known for his controversial Crime Stoppers videos . He won the December 10th runoff against public service commissioner Scott Angelle to replace Charles Boustany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iraq", "text": "Iraq ( /ɪˈræk/ , /ɪˈrɑːk/ ( listen ) or /aɪˈræk/ ; Arabic : اَلْعِرَاق , al-ʿirāq ; Kurdish : عێراق Êraq ) , officially the Republic of Iraq ( Arabic : جُمْهُورِيَّة ٱلْعِرَاقِ Jumhūriyyah al-ʿIrāq ; Kurdish : کۆماری عێراق Komarî Êraq ) , is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest and Syria to the west . The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad . Iraq is home to diverse ethnic groups including Arabs , Kurds , Assyrians , Turkmen , Shabakis , Yazidis , Armenians , Mandeans , Circassians and Kawliya . Around 99% of the country 's 38 million citizens are Muslims , with tiny minorities of Christians , Yarsans , Yezidis and Mandeans also present . The official languages of Iraq are Arabic and Kurdish . Iraq has a coastline measuring 58 km ( 36 miles ) on the northern Persian Gulf and encompasses the Mesopotamian Alluvial Plain , the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert . Two major rivers , the Tigris and Euphrates , run south through Iraq and into the Shatt al-Arab near the Persian Gulf . These rivers provide Iraq with significant amounts of fertile land . The region between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers , historically known as Mesopotamia , is often referred to as the cradle of civilisation . It was here that mankind first began to read , write , create laws and live in cities under an organised government - notably Uruk , from which Iraq is derived . The area has been home to successive civilisations since the 6th millennium BC . Iraq was the centre of the Akkadian , Sumerian , Assyrian and Babylonian empires ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_FIRS_Senior_Men's_Inline_Hockey_World_Championships", "text": "The 2012 FIRS Senior Men 's Inline Hockey World Championships was the 18th World Championships , an annual international inline hockey tournament . It took place between 8-14 July 2012 in Colombia . United States won the tournament by defeating Canada 6-4 in the Final game to capture their 14th title ; the Americans finished the tournament undefeated with a record of 6-0-0 . The Czech Republic captured the bronze medal by defeating Italy 4-3 in the bronze medal game . The tournament 's top scorer was Colombia 's Nicolas Fierro Torres . United States ' Dustin Roux was named the most valuable player of the tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hiroshima", "text": "Hiroshima ( 広島市 , Hiroshima-shi , /ˌhɪroʊˈʃiːmə/ , also UK : /hɪˈrɒʃɪmə/ , US : /hɪˈroʊʃɪmə/ , Japanese : [ çiɾoɕima ] ) is the capital of Hiroshima Prefecture in Japan . As of June 1 , 2019 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 2.089 million . The gross domestic product ( GDP ) in Greater Hiroshima , Hiroshima Urban Employment Area , was US $ 61.3 billion as of 2010 . Kazumi Matsui has been the city 's mayor since April 2011 . Hiroshima was founded in 1589 as a castle town on the Ōta River delta . Following the Meiji Restoration in 1868 , Hiroshima rapidly transformed into a major urban center and industrial hub . In 1889 , Hiroshima officially gained city status . The city was a center of military activities during the imperial era , playing significant roles such as the First Sino-Japanese War , the Russo-Japanese War , and the two world wars . Towards the end of World War II , Hiroshima is best remembered as the first city targeted by a nuclear weapon , when the United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) dropped an atomic bomb on the city at 8:15 a.m. on August 6 , 1945 . Most of the city was destroyed , and by the end of the year 90,000-166,000 had died as a result of the blast and its effects . The Hiroshima Peace Memorial ( a UNESCO World Heritage Site ) serves as a memorial of the bombing . Hiroshima was rebuilt after the war ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bloomsbury_Press", "text": "Bloomsbury Publishing plc ( formerly M.B.N.1 Limited and Bloomsbury Publishing Company Limited ) is a British worldwide publishing house of fiction and non-fiction . It is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index . Bloomsbury 's head office is located in Bloomsbury , an area of the London Borough of Camden . It has a US publishing office located in New York City , an India publishing office in New Delhi , an Australia sales office in Sydney CBD and other publishing offices in the UK including at Oxford . The company 's growth over the past two decades is primarily attributable to the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling and , from 2008 , to the development of its academic and professional publishing division . The Bloomsbury Academic & Professional division won the Bookseller Industry Award for Academic , Educational & Professional Publisher of the Year in both 2013 and 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Australian_Open", "text": "The 2006 Australian Open was played between 16 and 29 January 2006 . Marat Safin could not defend his 2005 title , due to an injury he suffered in late 2005 . Roger Federer won his second Australian Open title , defeating Marcos Baghdatis in the final in four sets . Serena Williams was unsuccessful in defending her 2005 title , losing in the third round against Daniela Hantuchová . Amélie Mauresmo won her first Australian Open title , defeating 2004 champion Justine Henin in the final ; Henin-Hardenne was forced to retire at 1-6 , 0-2 down due to a stomach virus . It began Henin-Hardenne 's run of reaching the final of all four Grand Slam events , winning the French Open ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yishun", "text": "Yishun , formerly known as Nee Soon , is a residential town located in the northeastern corner of the North Region of Singapore , bordering Simpang and Sembawang to the north , Mandai to the west , the Central Water Catchment to its southwest , Ang Mo Kio to its south , as well as Seletar and Sengkang to its east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/False_Hare", "text": "False Hare is a 1964 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short starring Bugs Bunny and the Big Bad Wolf ( with a special cameo appearance by Foghorn Leghorn ) . Released on July 18 , 1964 , the cartoon was written by John W. Dunn and directed by Robert McKimson . This cartoon was the last production completed by the original Warner Bros. Cartoons studio , and is also the last to feature the target opening and closing title cards , and the long-familiar version of The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down theme . This short is also well known for being the last Bugs Bunny cartoon released during the Golden Age of American animation . The next theatrical Bugs Bunny short , Box-Office Bunny , would be released in 1991 , 27 years later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herbert_Thaler", "text": "Herbert Thaler ( born 22 January 1940 in Imst ) is an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s . He won two medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with a gold in the men 's singles ( 1959 ) and a silver in the men 's doubles event ( 1960 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cienciano", "text": "Club Sportivo Cienciano is a professional football club based in Cusco , Peru . The club was founded in 1901 and was originally the team of the students of the Ciencias y Artes School ( Ciencias meaning science in Spanish ) , from which it takes its name . It gained worldwide recognition after defeating River Plate from Argentina in the finals of the 2003 Copa Sudamericana and Boca Juniors in the 2004 Recopa Sudamericana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1956_in_film", "text": "The following is an overview of 1956 in film , including significant events , a list of films released and notable births and deaths ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_USL_season", "text": "The 2016 USL season was the sixth season of the United Soccer League and the twenty-second season of USSF sanctioned Division III play organized by the United Soccer Leagues . On August 6 , 2015 , the league announced that the season would consist of 30 games rather than 28 games played from 2013-2015 . This was the first increase in the number of games since the league went from 24 games per season in 2012 to 28 games in 2013 . The league expanded from 24 to 29 teams in 2016 . Six franchises were officially announced by the league : Swope Park Rangers , Orlando City B , Rio Grande Valley FC , FC Cincinnati , Bethlehem Steel FC , and San Antonio FC . The Austin Aztex were on hiatus for the 2016 season , due to stadium availability issues , but planned to return in 2017 pending construction of a new , soccer-specific stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Totally_unimodular_matrix", "text": "In mathematics , a unimodular matrix M is a square integer matrix having determinant +1 or −1 . Equivalently , it is an integer matrix that is invertible over the integers : there is an integer matrix N which is its inverse ( these are equivalent under Cramer 's rule ) . Thus every equation Mx = b , where M and b are both integer , and M is unimodular , has an integer solution . The unimodular matrices of order n form a group , which is denoted G L n ( Z ) { \\displaystyle GL_ { n } ( \\mathbb { Z } ) } ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego_State_University", "text": "San Diego State University ( SDSU ) is a public research university in San Diego , California . Founded in 1897 as San Diego Normal School , it is the third-oldest university in the 23-member California State University ( CSU ) system . SDSU has a Fall 2019 student body of 35,081 and an alumni base of more than 300,000 . It is classified among Doctoral Universities : High Research Activity . In the 2015-16 fiscal year , the university obtained $ 130 million in public and private funding - a total of 707 awards - up from $ 120.6 million the previous fiscal year . As reported by the Faculty Scholarly Productivity Index released by the Academic Analytics organization of Stony Brook , New York , SDSU is the number one small research university in the United States in 2006 and 2007 . SDSU sponsors the second-highest number of Fulbright Scholars in the State of California , just behind UC Berkeley . Since 2005 , the university has produced over 65 Fulbright student scholars . The university generates over $ 2.4 billion annually for the San Diego economy , while 60 percent of SDSU graduates remain in San Diego , making SDSU a primary educator of the region 's work force . Committed to serving the diverse San Diego region , SDSU ranks among the top ten universities nationwide in terms of ethnic and racial diversity among its student body , as well as the number of bachelor 's degrees conferred upon minority students . San Diego State University consistently ranks in the top 500 universities in the world , and according to Forbes , is among the top 93rd percentile of public colleges in the United States . San Diego State University is a member of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges , the American Association of State Colleges and Universities , and the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mi_Persona_Favorita", "text": "Mi Persona Favorita ( English : My Favorite Person ) is a song by Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz and Cuban-American singer Camila Cabello , from Sanz 's 12th studio album # ElDisco . The single was released on 28 March 2019 , accompanied with its music video firstly premiering on Sanz 's official Vevo channel , which was directed by American director Gil Green . The composition and lyrics of the song were written by Sanz and Cabello . The track was produced by the former and music producers , Alfonso Pérez and Julio Reyes . The City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra played orchestra for the song , which was conducted by Czech conductor Adam Klemens , who also played the piano for the song . Spanish flamenco guitarist José Miguel Carmona , lead guitarist from Spanish new flamenco musical group Ketama , played the flamenco guitar . Twice Grammy Award-winning American drummer Larnell Lewis played drums for the song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalpitiya", "text": "Kalpitiya ( Sinhala : කල්පිටිය , romanized : Kalpiṭiya , Tamil : கற்பிட்டி , romanized : Kaṟpiṭṭi ) is located in Puttalam district , North Western province of Sri Lanka . It is known for its natural environment . [ citation needed ] It consists of 14 islands . It has a total area of 16.73 km2 . The people of Kalpitiya are mostly fishermen . It is now developing as a tourist destination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_King_(Aetherius_Society)", "text": "The Aetherius Society is a new religious movement founded by George King in the mid-1950s as the result of what King claimed were contacts with extraterrestrial intelligences , whom he referred to as Cosmic Masters . The main goal of the believer is to cooperate with these Cosmic Masters to help humanity solve its current Earthly problems and advance into the New Age . It is a syncretic religion , based primarily on Theosophy , but also incorporating millenarian , New Age , and UFO religion aspects . Emphases of the religion include altruism , community service , nature worship , spiritual healing , and physical exercise . Members meet in congregations not unlike a church . John A. Saliba states that unlike many other New Age or UFO religions , the Aetherius Society is for the most part considered uncontroversial , although its esoteric and millenarian aspects are sometimes ridiculed . The religion may be considered to have a relatively conventional praxis , and members come from mainstream society . The society 's membership , although international in composition , is not very large . David V. Barrett suggested in 2011 that the worldwide membership was now into the thousands , with the largest number of members being in the United Kingdom , United States ( particularly Southern California ) , and New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mega_Man_X3", "text": "Mega Man X3 , known as Rockman X3 ( ロックマンX3 ) in Japan , is a video game released by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) . The game was originally released in Japan on December 1 , 1995 and later in North American and PAL regions in 1996 . It is the third game in the Mega Man X series and the last to appear on the SNES . Mega Man X3 takes place in a fictional future in which the world is populated by humans and intelligent robots called Reploids . Like their human creators , some Reploids involve themselves in destructive crime and are labelled as Mavericks . After twice defeating the Maverick leader Sigma , the heroes Mega Man X and Zero must battle a Reploid scientist named Dr. Doppler and his utopia of Maverick followers . Mega Man X3 follows in the tradition of both the original Mega Man series and the Mega Man X series as a standard action-platform game . The player traverses a series of eight stages in any order while gaining various power-ups and taking the special weapon of each stage 's end boss . Mega Man X3 is the first game in the series in which Zero is a playable character ( albeit in limited form ) in addition to X . Like its predecessor , Mega Man X2 , X3 features the Cx4 chip to allow for some limited 3D vector graphics and transparency effects . A 32-bit version of Mega Man X3 was released on the PlayStation , Sega Saturn , and Windows in various countries . This version was included on the North American Mega Man X Collection in 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fastpoint_Games", "text": "Fastpoint Games was a developer of data-driven games for businesses in the fortune 500 , and was the parent company of fantasy sports developer , RotoHog . Under the Fastpoint Games banner , the company had applied RotoHog 's configurable game platform to use structured data to drive consumer engagement and help brands in markets like social media , entertainment , MMO , politics and regulated gaming to grow their audience , engage their users and monetize them . On 7 January 2011 , Fastpoint Games and Sony Online Entertainment announced the alpha launch of the Facebook game Fortune League . The casual strategy game is based on the world of EverQuest II ( EQII ) . In Fortune League , players assess quests , hero performance , situational threats and the actions of other players in a live trade market and compensates leaders with points , cosmetic upgrades and prizes that can be used in the free-to-play and subscription versions of EQII . Fortune League integrates real-time performance data such as damages , deaths and healings directly from the MMO environment and uses them to form Hero Stats that drive the game . Therefore , player actions inside EQII will affect what happens in Fortune League and prizes from Fortune League will help users advance back in the EQII environment . Fastpoint Games CEO , Kelly Perdew , positions Fortune League as a new category of snackable data-driven games that will help MMO franchises acquire users and tap new revenue streams . On 11 July 2011 , Fortune League was sunsetted . Between September 2009 and November 2010 , the company has leveraged its technology platform to power games outside of the fantasy sports segment and launched games in the entertainment and casual games space . They have partnered with social media platforms including hi5 , Facebook and MySpace , and released 58 games for 16 clients across 21 sports and entertainment seasons for marquee clients including US Weekly , NASCAR , ABC , Los Angeles Times , Go Daddy.com and Sports Illustrated online ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montgomery_Steele", "text": "Montgomery Steele is a Canadian country music artist . Steele 's 1997 album , First Time Out , became the first 100% Canadian content debut CD to chart five consecutive Top 30 singles on the RPM charts . Steele 's Top 30 singles include Indian Woman , In This Heart of Mine , The River Song , Red Wine Kisses and Debbie Darlene ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Ingo_Freed", "text": "James Ingo Freed ( June 23 , 1930 - December 15 , 2005 ) was an American architect born in Essen , Germany during the Weimar Republic . After coming to the United States at age nine with his sister Betty , followed later by their parents , he studied at the Illinois Institute of Technology , where he graduated with a degree in architecture . In the late 1970s , he was a member of the Chicago Seven and dean for three years of the School of Architecture at his alma mater . He worked for most of his career based in New York , and went beyond the Internationalist and modernist styles . In partnership with I.M . Pei , in their firm known as Pei Cobb Freed & Partners , he worked on major United States public buildings and museums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peromyscus", "text": "Peromyscus , or deer mouse , is a genus of rodents . They are New World mice only distantly related to the common house and laboratory mouse , Mus musculus . From this relative , Peromyscus species are distinguished by relatively larger eyes , and also often two-tone coloring , with darker colors over the dorsum ( back ) , and white abdominal and limb hair-coloring . In reference to the coloring , the word Peromyscus comes from Greek words meaning booted mouse . They are also accomplished jumpers and runners by comparison to house mice , and their common name of deer mouse ( coined in 1833 ) is in reference to this agility . The most common species of deer mice in the continental United States are two closely related species , P. maniculatus , and P. leucopus . In the United States , Peromyscus is the most populous mammalian genus overall , and has become notorious in the western United States as a carrier of hantaviruses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scuderia_Ferrari", "text": "Scuderia Ferrari S.p.A. ( Italian : [ skudeˈriːa ferˈraːri ] ) is the racing division of luxury Italian auto manufacturer Ferrari and the racing team that competes in Formula One racing . The team is also nicknamed The Prancing Horse , with reference to their logo . It is the oldest surviving and most successful Formula One team , having competed in every world championship since the 1950 Formula One season . The team was founded by Enzo Ferrari , initially to race cars produced by Alfa Romeo , though by 1947 Ferrari had begun building its own cars . Among its important achievements outside Formula One are winning the World Sportscar Championship , 24 Hours of Le Mans , 24 Hours of Spa , 24 Hours of Daytona , 12 Hours of Sebring , Bathurst 12 Hour , races for Grand tourer cars and racing on road courses of the Targa Florio , the Mille Miglia and the Carrera Panamericana . As a constructor , Ferrari has a record 16 Constructors ' Championships , the last of which was won in 2008 . Alberto Ascari , Juan Manuel Fangio , Mike Hawthorn , Phil Hill , John Surtees , Niki Lauda , Jody Scheckter , Michael Schumacher and Kimi Räikkönen have won a record 15 Drivers ' Championships for the team . Since Räikkönen 's title in 2007 the team narrowly lost out on the 2008 drivers ' title with Felipe Massa and the 2010 and 2012 drivers ' titles with Fernando Alonso . Michael Schumacher is the team 's most successful driver . Joining the team in 1996 and departing in 2006 he won five drivers ' titles and 72 Grands Prix for the team . His titles came consecutively between 2000 and 2004 , and the team won consecutive constructors ' title from 1999 until the end of 2004 ; this was the team 's most successful period . Currently , Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc are the two main race drivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HD_Radio", "text": "HD Radio ( HDR ) is a trademarked term for the in-band on-channel ( IBOC ) digital radio technology used by AM and FM radio stations mostly in the United States , Canada and Mexico ( with a few implementations outside North America ) to transmit audio and data by using a digital signal embedded on-frequency immediately above and below a station 's standard analog signal , providing the means to listen to the same program in either HD ( digital radio with less noise ) or as a standard broadcast ( analog radio with standard sound quality ) . The HD format also provides the means for a single radio station to simultaneously broadcast one or more different programs in addition to the program being transmitted on the radio station 's analog channel . iBiquity developed HD Radio , which was acquired by DTS in September 2015 bringing the HD Radio technology under the same banner as DTS ' eponymous theater surround sound systems . The HD Radio technology and trademarks were subsequently acquired by Xperi in 2016 . It was selected by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) in 2002 as a digital audio broadcasting method for the United States , and is the only digital system approved by the FCC for digital AM/FM broadcasts in the United States . It is officially known as NRSC-5 , with the latest version being NRSC-5-D. Other digital radio systems include FMeXtra , Digital Audio Broadcasting ( DAB ) ( Eureka 147 ) , Digital Radio Mondiale ( DRM30 and DRM+ configurations ) , and Compatible AM-Digital ( CAM-D ) . While HD Radio does allow for an all-digital mode , this system currently is used by some AM and FM radio stations to simulcast both digital and analog audio on the same frequency ( a hybridized digital-analog signal ) as well as to add new FM channels and text information . Although HD Radio broadcasting 's content is currently free-to-air , listeners must purchase new receivers in order to receive the digital portion of the signal . By May 2018 , HD Radio technology was claimed to be used by more than 3500 individual services , mostly in the United States . This compares with more than 2200 services operating with the DAB system . HD Radio increases the bandwidth required in the FM band to 400 kHz for the analog/digital hybrid version . This makes adoption outside the United States problematic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salma_Hayek", "text": "Salma Hayek Pinault ( /ˈhaɪɛk/ , Spanish : [ ˈsalma ˈxaʝek ] ; born Salma Valgarma Hayek Jiménez ; September 2 , 1966 ) is a Mexican and American film actress and producer . She began her career in Mexico starring in the telenovela Teresa and starred in the film El Callejón de los Milagros ( Miracle Alley ) for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award . In 1991 , Hayek moved to Hollywood and came to prominence with roles in films such as Desperado ( 1995 ) , From Dusk till Dawn ( 1996 ) , Wild Wild West , and Dogma ( both 1999 ) . Her breakthrough role was in the 2002 film Frida , as Mexican painter Frida Kahlo , for which she was nominated for Best Actress for the Academy Award , BAFTA Award , Golden Globe Award , and Screen Actors Guild Award , and which she also produced . This movie received widespread attention and was a critical and commercial success . She won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing in a Children/Youth/Family Special for The Maldonado Miracle in 2004 , and received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series after guest-starring in the ABC television comedy-drama Ugly Betty in 2007 . She also guest-starred on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock from 2009 to 2013 . In 2017 , she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for her role in Beatriz at Dinner . Hayek 's recent films include Grown Ups ( 2010 ) , Puss in Boots ( 2011 ) , Grown Ups 2 ( 2013 ) , Tale of Tales ( 2015 ) , The Hitman 's Bodyguard ( 2017 ) and Like a Boss ( 2020 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melville_Jacobs", "text": "Melville Jacobs ( July 3 , 1902 - July 31 , 1971 ) was an American anthropologist known for his extensive fieldwork on cultures of the Pacific Northwest . He was born in New York City . After studying with Franz Boas he became a member of the faculty of the University of Washington in 1928 and remained until his death in 1971 . Especially during the earlier part of his career , from 1928 until 1936 , he collected large amounts of linguistic data and text from a wide range of languages including Sahaptin , Molale , Kalapuya , Clackamas , Tillamook , Alsea , Upper Umpqua , Galice and Chinook Jargon . He left funds to establish the Jacobs Research Fund , which supports anthropological research in the Pacific Northwest . His papers , including extensive raw linguistic material that has provided the basis for subsequent research on now extinct languages , are held by the University of Washington in the Jacobs Archive . In 2019 , the Melville Jacobs Collection of Native Americans of the American Northwest ( 1929-1939 ) was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Recording Registry as culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . He was married to Elizabeth Jacobs ( anthropologist ) , also an anthropologist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guard_(American_and_Canadian_football)", "text": "In gridiron football , a guard ( G ) is a player who lines up between the center and the tackles on the offensive line of a football team on the line of scrimmage used primarily for blocking . Right guards ( RG ) is the term for the guards on the right of the offensive line , while left guards ( LG ) are on the left side . Guards are to the right or left of the center . The guard 's job is to protect the quarterback from the incoming linemen during pass plays , as well as creating openings ( holes ) for the running backs to head through . Guards are automatically considered ineligible receivers , so they can not intentionally touch a forward pass , unless it is to recover a fumble or is first touched by a defender or eligible receiver ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rab_Se_Sohna_Isshq", "text": "Rab Se Sohna Isshq ( English Title : Eternal Love ) was an Indian soap opera produced by Jay Mehta 's Jay Production , which aired on Zee TV from Monday to Friday . Ashish Sharma played the male lead along with Kanan Malhotra . Ekta Kaul made her debut as the female lead . The show revolves around the love triangle involving the characters played by the three actors with a large part of the story occurring in London . This was the first ever cross continental show in Indian Television . The series aired in Iran under the title به نام الهه عشق from 20 September 2014 to 12 February 2015 on the network Gem Bollywood . The show was dubbed into English as Eternal Love and broadcast on Zee World on DSTv channel 166 [ citation needed ] and was later also aired on Zee TV UK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Guerriere_(1814)", "text": "USS Guerriere was the first frigate built in the United States since 1801 . The name came from a fast 38-gun British frigate captured and destroyed in a half-hour battle by USS Constitution on 19 August 1812 . This victory was one of the United States ' first in the War of 1812 . She was built at the Philadelphia Navy Yard under the supervision of Joseph and Francis Grice . She was launched on 20 June 1814 under the command of Commodore John Rodgers and attached to the Delaware Flotilla . She served in the United States Navy during the Second Barbary War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governor_of_Victoria", "text": "The Governor of Victoria is the representative in the Australian state of Victoria of its monarch , Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia and is one of the Governors of the Australian states . The governor performs the same constitutional and ceremonial functions at the state level as does the Governor-General of Australia at the federal level . The governor 's office and official residence is Government House next to the Royal Botanic Gardens and surrounded by Kings Domain in Melbourne . The Governor of Victoria is appointed by the Queen of Australia on the advice of the Premier of Victoria . The current Governor of Victoria is former judge Linda Dessau , Victoria 's first female governor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Busan", "text": "Busan ( Korean pronunciation : [ pusan ] ) , formerly romanized as Pusan and now officially Busan Metropolitan City , is South Korea 's second most-populous city after Seoul , with a population of over 3.5 million inhabitants . It is the economic , cultural and educational center of southeastern South Korea , with its port - Korea 's busiest and the fifth-busiest in the world [ a ] - only about 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from the Japanese islands of Kyushu and Honshu . The surrounding Southeast Economic Zone ( including Ulsan and South Gyeongsang ) is South Korea 's largest industrial area . Busan is divided into 15 major administrative districts and a single county , together housing a population of approximately 3.6 million . The full metropolitan area , the Southeastern Maritime Industrial Region , has a population of approximately 8 million . The most densely built-up areas of the city are situated in a number of narrow valleys between the Nakdong and the Suyeong Rivers , with mountains separating most of the districts . The Nakdong is Korea 's longest river and Busan 's Haeundae Beach is also the country 's largest . Busan is a center for international conventions , hosting APEC in 2005 . It is also a center for sports tournaments in Korea , having hosted the 2002 Asian Games and FIFA World Cup . It is home to the world 's largest department store , the Shinsegae Centum City . Busan was added to the UNESCO Creative Cities Network as a City of Film in December 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elizabeth_Gutierrez", "text": "Elizabeth Gutiérrez Nevárez ( born April 1 , 1979 ) is an American actress and model of Mexican descent . She is best known for playing the leading roles in the telenovelas El rostro de Analía and El fantasma de Elena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AG_Weser", "text": "Aktien-Gesellschaft „ Weser ( abbreviated A.G. „ Weser ) was one of the major German shipbuilding companies , located at the Weser River in Bremen . Founded in 1872 it was finally closed in 1983 . Altogether , A.G. „ Weser built about 1,400 ships of different types , including many warships . A.G. „ Weser was the leading company in the Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau AG , a cooperation of eight German shipbuilding companies between 1926 and 1945 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1891_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1891 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1990", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1990 , the eighth Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum , Biloxi , Mississippi on July 16 , 1990 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Bridgette Wilson of Oregon was crowned by outgoing titleholder Brandi Sherwood of Idaho . 1990 marked the year that Oregon won the pageant for the second of three times in the history of the pageant . Oregon and Texas are the only states that have won more than two Miss Teen USA titles , Oregon : Mindy Duncan in 1988 , Bridgette Wilson in 1990 and Tami Farrell in 2003 . Texas : Christie Lee Woods in 1996 , Danielle Doty in 2011 , and Karlie Hay in 2016 . This was the first year the pageant was held at the Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum in Biloxi , where it would be held for the following four years . Sandy Duncan hosted the event for the only time , with color commentary by Leeza Gibbons and Miss Teen USA 1985 Kelly Hu . Music was provided by the Gulf Coast Teen Orchestra . Duncan was the first female host of an American beauty pageant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University-Cultural_Center_Multiple_Resource_Area", "text": "The University-Cultural Center MRA ( Multiple Resource Area ) is a pair of multiple property submissions to the National Register of Historic Places which were approved on April 29 and May 1 , 1986 . The structures included are all located in Midtown , near Woodward Avenue and Wayne State University in Detroit , Michigan . The two submissions are designated the University-Cultural Center MRA Phase I , containing five properties , and the University-Cultural Center MRA Phase II , containing three properties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics held in London , England , 26 athletics events were contested , all for men only . A total of 79 medals ( 27 gold , 27 silver , 25 bronze ) were awarded . Each nation was allowed to enter up to 12 competitors in most of the events . In the team races ( the medley relay and the 3 mile team race ) , each nation entered one team . The medley relay was run by four athletes , with four alternates allowed . In the 3 mile team race , five athletes from each nation ran with only three counting . The competition was restricted to amateurs , and was held under the rules of the British Amateur Athletic Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horam_railway_station", "text": "Horam railway station was on the Cuckoo Line between Hellingly and Heathfield , serving the village of Horam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Labadieville,_Louisiana", "text": "Labadieville is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Assumption Parish , Louisiana , United States . The population was 1,854 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Pierre Part Micropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WTTG", "text": "WTTG , virtual channel 5 ( UHF digital channel 36 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington , District of Columbia . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation , as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station WDCA ( channel 20 ) . The two stations share studios and transmitter facilities on Wisconsin Avenue in the Friendship Heights neighborhood in the northwest quadrant of Washington . On cable , WTTG is available on Comcast Xfinity channel 25 in Washington , D.C. ( cable channel 5 is occupied by an alternate feed of MASN ) and channel 5 in the Maryland and Virginia suburbs , and on Cox Communications , RCN and Verizon FiOS channel 5 . The station 's signal is rebroadcast on a low-powered digital translator station , W24ES-D , in Moorefield , West Virginia ( which is owned by Valley TV Cooperative , Inc. ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Choi_Hyeon-ju", "text": "Choi Hyeon-ju ( 최현주 , Korean pronunciation : [ tɕʰwe̞.ɦjʌn.dʑu ] ; born 6 August 1984 , in Jeonbuk ) is a South Korean archer . She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics where she won gold medal in the women 's team event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chang_Hye-jin", "text": "Chang Hye-jin ( Korean : 장혜진 ; Korean pronunciation : [ tɕɐŋ.çe.dʑin ] or [ tɕɐŋ ] [ çe.dʑin ] ; born 13 May 1987 in Daegu ) is a female South Korean archer who specialises in recurve archery . Chang is a two-time Olympic gold medalist , winning in both the women 's team and women 's individual archery events at the 2016 Summer Olympics . She has also been successful on the wider international scene , winning gold medals in the World Archery Championships , Archery World Cup , and the Asian Games , and between 2017 and 2019 held the number one spot for female recurve archers in the World Archery Rankings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricardo_Drubscky", "text": "Sebastião Ricardo Drubscky de Campos ( born 20 January 1962 ) , known as Ricardo Drubscky , is a Brazilian football manager , currently in charge of Tombense ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Joseph_Parle", "text": "John Joseph Parle ( May 26 , 1920 - July 10 , 1943 ) was a United States Naval Reserve officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration - the Medal of Honor - for his actions in World War II . Parle was a 1942 ROTC graduate of Creighton University in Omaha , Nebraska . On July 9 , 1943 , Parle was serving as an ensign and was involved in the preparations for the Allied invasion of Sicily . On that day , he noticed a fire aboard a small boat loaded with explosives and ammunition . Knowing that an explosion would alert the defenders on Sicily of the impending invasion , he rushed to put out the fire . Although successful in dousing the flames , he later died of smoke inhalation . Parle , aged 23 at his death , was buried at the Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in his birth city of Omaha , Nebraska ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bonifacio_Global_City", "text": "Bonifacio Global City ( also known as BGC , Global City , or The Fort ) is a financial and lifestyle district in Taguig , Metro Manila , Philippines . It is located 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) south-east of the center of Manila . The district experienced commercial growth following the sale of military land by the Bases Conversion and Development Authority ( BCDA ) . The entire district used to be the part of the main Philippine Army camp . It is under the administration of the city government of Taguig . The local governments of Makati and Pateros also claim jurisdiction . In February 7 , 1995 , Bonifacio Land Development Corporation ( BLDC ) started planning a major urban development - Bonifacio Global City . BLDC made a successful bid to become BCDA 's partner in the development of the district . The Ayala Corporation through Ayala Land , Inc. , and Evergreen Holdings , Inc. of the Campos Group purchased a controlling stake in BLDC from Metro Pacific in 2003 . BCDA and the two companies now control Fort Bonifacio Development Corporation , which oversees the master planning of Bonifacio Global City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosworth", "text": "Cosworth is a British automotive engineering company founded in London in 1958 ; 62 years ago ( 1958 ) , specialising in high-performance internal combustion engines , powertrain , and electronics ; for automobile racing ( motorsport ) and mainstream automotive industries . Cosworth is based in Northampton , England , with American facilities in Indianapolis , Shelby Charter Township , Michigan and Mooresville , North Carolina . Cosworth has collected 176 wins in Formula One ( F1 ) as engine supplier , ranking third with most wins , behind Ferrari and Mercedes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_insects", "text": "State insects are designated by 48 individual states of the fifty United States . Some states have more than one designated insect , or have multiple categories ( e.g. , state insect and state butterfly , etc. ) . More than half of the insects chosen are not native to North America , because of the inclusion of three European species ( European honey bee , European mantis , and 7-spotted ladybird ) , each having been chosen by multiple states ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottish_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The Scottish Open is a ranking professional snooker tournament held in Scotland . The tournament had many name changes in its history , as the tournament was formerly called International Open , Matchroom Trophy and Players Championship . Apart from a hiatus in the 1990/1991 and 1991/1992 seasons , the tournament remained a ranking event until 2003/2004 . In the 2012/2013 season the tournament was added back to the calendar as part of the Players Tour Championship minor-ranking series . The most recent champion is Mark Selby . On 29 April 2015 , Barry Hearn announced it would return to the main tour in 2016 at the Emirates Arena Glasgow , as part of a new Home Series with the existing Welsh Open and new English Open and Northern Ireland Open tournaments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biarritz_–_Anglet_–_Bayonne_Airport", "text": "Biarritz Pays Basque Airport ( IATA : BIQ , ICAO : LFBZ ) , also known as Biarritz Airport or Biarritz-Parme Airport , is an airport serving Biarritz , France . It is located 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) southeast of Biarritz , near Bayonne and Anglet . In 2017 , there were 1,190,991 passenger movements . The airport is served by numerous European hubs . The airport opened on 11 April 1954 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaguar_Racing", "text": "Jaguar Racing is the name given to Jaguar 's racing interests . It currently competes in Formula E under the name Panasonic Jaguar Racing . It was previously a Formula One constructor that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chame_District", "text": "Chame District is a district ( distrito ) of Panamá Oeste Province in Panama . The population according to the 2000 census was 19,625 ; the latest official estimate ( for 2019 ) is 31,373 . The district covers a total area of 377 km² . The capital lies at the city of Chame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Like_Minds", "text": "Like Minds is a 2006 Australian thriller film written and directed by Gregory J . Read . The film was produced by the South Australian Film Corporation . It debuted in Australia on 9 November 2006 . The psychological thriller is the first Australian/UK co-production to be set in the UK in over a decade . [ citation needed ] Like Minds was retitled Murderous Intent for its 2007 U.S. DVD release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TOSE", "text": "Tose Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社トーセ , Kabushiki-gaisha Tōse ) ( TYO : 4728 ) ( also called Tose Software ) is a video game development company based in Kyoto , Japan . It is mostly known for developing Nintendo 's Game & Watch Gallery series , various Dragon Ball games , as well as other Nintendo products . Tose has developed or co-developed over 1,000 games since the company 's inception in 1979 , but is virtually never credited in the games themselves ( an exception to this is Game & Watch Gallery 4 and The Legendary Starfy series , as Tose shares the copyright with Nintendo ) . We 're always behind the scenes , said Masa Agarida , Vice President of Tose 's U.S. division . Our policy is not to have a vision . Instead , we follow our customers ' visions . Most of the time we refuse to put our name on the games , not even staff names . As such , Tose has gained a reputation for being a ghost developer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xbox_One", "text": "The Xbox One is an eighth-generation home video game console developed by Microsoft . Announced in May 2013 , it is the successor to Xbox 360 and the third console in the Xbox series of video game consoles . It was first released in North America , parts of Europe , Australia , and South America in November 2013 , and in Japan , China , and other European countries in September 2014 . It is the first Xbox game console to be released in China , specifically in the Shanghai Free-Trade Zone . Microsoft marketed the device as an all-in-one entertainment system , hence the name 'Xbox One ' . The Xbox One mainly competes against Sony 's PlayStation 4 and Nintendo 's Wii U and Switch . Moving away from its predecessor 's PowerPC-based architecture , the Xbox One marks a shift back to the x86 architecture used in the original Xbox ; it features an AMD Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) built around the x86-64 instruction set . Xbox One 's controller was redesigned over the Xbox 360 's , with a redesigned body , D-pad , and triggers capable of delivering directional haptic feedback . The console places an increased emphasis on cloud computing , as well as social networking features , and the ability to record and share video clips or screenshots from gameplay , or live-stream directly to streaming services such as Mixer and Twitch . Games can also be played off-console via a local area network on supported Windows 10 devices . The console can play Blu-ray Disc , and overlay live television programming from an existing set-top box or a digital tuner for digital terrestrial television with an enhanced program guide . The console optionally included a redesigned Kinect sensor , marketed as the Kinect 2.0 , providing improved motion tracking and voice recognition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pigeon_Forge,_Tennessee", "text": "Pigeon Forge is a mountain resort city in Sevier County , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States . As of the 2010 census , the city had a total population of 5,875 . Situated just 5 miles ( 8 km ) north of Great Smoky Mountains National Park , Pigeon Forge is a tourist destination that caters primarily to Southern culture and country music fans . The city 's attractions include Dollywood and Dollywood 's Splash Country as well as numerous gift shops , outlet malls , amusement rides , and musical theaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMW_in_Formula_One", "text": "BMW has been involved in Formula One in a number of capacities since the inauguration of the World Drivers ' Championship in 1950 . The company entered occasional races in the 1950s and 1960s ( often under Formula Two regulations ) , before building the BMW M12/13 inline-four turbocharged engine in the 1980s . This engine was the result of a deal between BMW and Brabham , which resulted in the team 's chassis being powered by BMW engines from 1982 until 1987 , a period in which Nelson Piquet won the 1983 championship driving a Brabham BT52-BMW . BMW also supplied the M12/13 on a customer basis to the ATS , Arrows , Benetton and Ligier teams during this period , with various degrees of success . In 1988 , Brabham temporarily withdrew from the sport and BMW withdrew its official backing from the engines , which were still used by the Arrows team under the Megatron badge . Turbocharged engines were banned by the revised Formula One Technical Regulations for 1989 , rendering the M12/13 obsolete . BMW decided to return to Formula One in the late 1990s by signing an exclusive contract with the Williams team , which needed a new long-term engine supplier after the withdrawal of Renault in 1997 . The programme resulted in the creation of a new V10 engine which made its race début in the Williams FW22 in 2000 . The following year saw the partnership move from the midfield to challenging for race victories , but the desired championship remained elusive due to the dominance of Michael Schumacher and Ferrari in the first half of the 2000s . By 2005 , the relationship between BMW and Williams had deteriorated , and BMW chose to part company and buy the rival Sauber team outright . The BMW Sauber project lasted from 2006 until 2009 , and resulted in a substantial increase in competitiveness for the Swiss former privateer team . Two podium finishes in the first year were followed by a solid third in the Constructors ' Championship in 2007 ( which became second when McLaren was disqualified ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Son_Sen", "text": "Son Sen ( Khmer : សុន សេន pronounced [ son seːn ] ; 12 June 1930 - 15 June 1997 ) , alias Comrade Khieu ( សមមិត្តខៀវ ) , was a Cambodian Communist politician and soldier . A member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Kampuchea/Party of Democratic Kampuchea , the Khmer Rouge , from 1974 to 1992 , Sen oversaw the Party 's security apparatus , including the Santebal secret police and the notorious security prison S-21 at Tuol Sleng . Son Sen was responsible for ordering the massacre of more than 100,000 in the Eastern Zone of Cambodia during the last six months of 1978 . Sen was married to Yun Yat , who became the Party 's minister of education and information . Along with the rest of his family , he was killed on the orders of Pol Pot during a 1997 factional split in the Khmer Rouge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicola_Capocci", "text": "Nicola Capocci ( died 1368 ) was an Italian Cardinal . He studied law at the University of Perugia ; later , in 1362 , he founded there the Collegium Gregorianum ( later called the Sapienza vecchia ) . He was proposed as bishop of Utrecht in 1341 , but the appointment in a situation of conflict lasted only a year . He was in Spain as bishop of Urgel , 1348-1351 . [ citation needed ] He acted as papal legate in France , attempting to broker a peace with the English . In 1356 he was there with Hélie de Talleyrand-Périgord , just ahead of the battle of Poitiers . He quarreled with Talleyrand , later that year , and operated independently from Paris . He was in England in June 1357 , back again with Talleyrand . By mid-1358 the legates and Pope Innocent VI had despaired of an effective treaty : the complete failure of the longest papal peacemaking mission of the fourteenth century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Magan", "text": "Juan Manuel Magán González ( born 30 September 1978 ) is a Spanish producer , singer , remixer and DJ of electronic dance music , recognized internationally for his contributions to the Electro Latino category of music . As a remixer , he has worked with the following artists , among others : Selena , Don Omar , Paulina Rubio , Juanes , Nelly Furtado , Dulce María , Pitbull , Michael Gray , Milk & Sugar , Bob Sinclar , Gary Nesta Pine , Ian Oliver , Azzido da Bass , Jerry Ropero , E Smoove , Barbara Muñoz , Pier Bucci , Tara McDonald and INNA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phillip_Island_Grand_Prix_Circuit", "text": "The Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit is a motor racing circuit located near Ventnor , on Phillip Island , Victoria , Australia . The current circuit was first used in 1956 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baal,_Belgium", "text": "Baal is a village in the municipality of Tremelo , in the province of Flemish Brabant , Belgium . It is notable as the home of successful cyclo-cross competitor Sven Nys . He is sometimes called by the nickname the Kannibaal van Baal ( Dutch for Cannibal of Baal ) . The Grand Prix Sven Nys cyclo-cross race , named after Nys , is held annually in Baal . Fellow cyclo-cross competitor Niels Albert also lives in Baal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_Civil_Aviation_Organization_airport_code", "text": "The ICAO ( /ˌaɪˌkeɪˈoʊ/ , eye-KAY-oh ) airport code or location indicator is a four-letter code designating aerodromes around the world . These codes , as defined by the International Civil Aviation Organization and published in ICAO Document 7910 : Location Indicators , are used by air traffic control and airline operations such as flight planning . ICAO codes are also used to identify other aviation facilities such as weather stations , International Flight Service Stations or Area Control Centers , whether or not they are located at airports . Flight information regions are also identified by a unique ICAO-code ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Orioles", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Orioles are a minor league baseball team that plays in the Gulf Coast League . The Orioles were originally a team from 1991-2003 , but were reactivated in 2007 . The Orioles play their home games in Sarasota , Florida at Ed Smith Stadium , which became the spring training home to the Orioles at the start of the 2010 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tackle_(gridiron_football_position)", "text": "Tackle is a playing position in gridiron football . Historically , in the one-platoon system prevalent in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , a tackle played on both offense and defense . In the modern system of specialized units , offensive tackle and defensive tackle are separate positions , and the stand-alone term tackle refers to the offensive tackle position only . The offensive tackle ( OT , T ) is a position on the offensive line , left and right . Like other offensive linemen , their job is to block : to physically keep defenders away from the offensive player who has the football and enable him to advance the football and eventually score a touchdown . The term tackle is a vestige of an earlier era of football in which the same players played both offense and defense ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WGPB", "text": "WGPB FM 97.7 is a public radio station in Rome , Georgia . It is part of the Georgia Public Broadcasting radio network , a state network which in turn is a member of National Public Radio , Public Radio International , and American Public Media . Unlike most stations on the GPB network , WGPB does not completely simulcast with the network . WGPB also produces its own programs . The studios are located at Georgia Highlands College 's Heritage Hall campus in downtown Rome , from which locally produced programming originates . The station began broadcasting as WGPB at 5 AM on June 30 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puma_SE", "text": "Puma SE , branded as Puma , is a German multinational company that designs and manufactures athletic and casual footwear , apparel and accessories , which is headquartered in Herzogenaurach , Bavaria , Germany . Puma is the third largest sportswear manufacturer in the world . The company was founded in 1948 by Rudolf Dassler . In 1924 , Rudolf and his brother Adolf Dassler had jointly formed the company Gebrüder Dassler Schuhfabrik ( Dassler Brothers Shoe Factory ) . The relationship between the two brothers deteriorated until the two agreed to split in 1948 , forming two separate entities , Adidas and Puma . Both companies are currently based in Herzogenaurach , Germany . Puma has been a public company since 1986 , listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange . French luxury group Kering ( formerly known as Pinault-Printemps-Redoute or PPR ) holds 16% , Kering 's largest shareholder Artemis SA owns 29% of the share capital . Since 1 July 2013 , the company has been led by former football professional Bjørn Gulden ( CEO ) . As of 2017 , Puma SE employs more than 13,000 people worldwide and distributes its products in more than 120 countries . Following the split from his brother , Rudolf Dassler originally registered the new-established company as Ruda , but later changed the name to Puma . Puma 's earliest logo consisted of a square and beast jumping through a D , which was registered , along with the company 's name , in 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mattersburg", "text": "Mattersburg ( formerly Mattersdorf , Hungarian : Nagymarton , Croatian : Materštof ) is a town in Burgenland , Austria . It is the administrative center of the District of Mattersburg and home to a Bundesliga football team , SV Mattersburg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Roethlisberger", "text": "Benjamin Todd Roethlisberger Sr. ( /ˈrɒθlɪsbɜːrɡər/ ; born March 2 , 1982 ) , nicknamed Big Ben , is an American football quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at Miami University , and was drafted by the Steelers in the first round ( 11th overall ) of the 2004 NFL Draft . Roethlisberger earned the AP NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year Award in 2004 and his first Pro Bowl selection in 2007 . He became the youngest Super Bowl-winning quarterback in NFL history , leading the Steelers , in only his second professional season , to a 21-10 victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XL at the age of 23 . Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII , 27-23 , after completing a game-winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes with 35 seconds left in the game . He appeared in his third Super Bowl in Super Bowl XLV , but the team would lose by a score of 31-25 to the Green Bay Packers . Roethlisberger has been one of the most efficient passers in NFL history . He currently is ranked 6th all-time in NFL career passing yards , 9th all-time in passer rating ( 94.0 ) , tied for 6th in yards per attempt ( 7.93 ) , and tied for 10th in completion percentage ( 63.85% ) among quarterbacks with a minimum of 1,500 career attempts . He also has the fourth-highest career winning percentage ( .710 ) as a starter in the regular season among quarterbacks with a minimum of 100 starts . He is even one of six quarterbacks in NFL history to have beaten at least 31 of the current NFL teams . Known for playing outside the pocket in what he calls backyard football , Roethlisberger grew up idolizing John Elway , and has often been compared to him . Roethlisberger wears number 7 in Elway 's honor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Siamese_fireback", "text": "The Siamese fireback ( Lophura diardi ) also known as Diard 's fireback , is a fairly large , approximately 80 cm long , pheasant . The male has a grey plumage with an extensive facial caruncle , crimson legs and feet , ornamental black crest feathers , reddish brown iris and long curved blackish tail . The female is a brown bird with blackish wing and tail feathers . The Siamese fireback is distributed to the lowland and evergreen forests of Cambodia , Laos , Thailand and Vietnam in Southeast Asia . This species is also designated as the national bird of Thailand . The female usually lays between four and eight rosy eggs . The scientific name commemorates the French naturalist Pierre-Médard Diard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_100_kilometres", "text": "The men 's 100 kilometres was one of seven track cycling events on the Cycling at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . Its distance was the longest of the individual event distances . The time limit for the race was 3 hours and 15 minutes . A challenge cup was presented by the Prince of Wales to the winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seogwipo", "text": "Seogwipo ( Korean pronunciation : [ sʌ.ɡɥi.pʰo ] ) is the second-largest city on Jeju Island , settled on a rocky volcanic coastline in the southern part of Jeju Province , South Korea . In July 2006 , Seogwipo 's boundaries were expanded to include the entire southern half of Jeju island . A UNESCO World Heritage site and 2002 FIFA World Cup host , it had a population of 155,691 as of December 31 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds are an American professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . They were a charter member of the American Association in 1882 and joined the NL in 1890 . The Reds played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993 , before joining the Central division in 1994 . They have won five World Series championships , nine NL pennants , one AA pennant , and 10 division titles . The team plays its home games at Great American Ball Park , which opened in 2003 replacing Riverfront Stadium . Bob Castellini has been chief executive officer since 2006 . From 1882 to 2019 , the Reds ' overall win-loss record is 10,599-10,393 ( a 0.505 winning percentage ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barbara_Boyd_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Barbara Boyd ( born April 24 , 1942 ) is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving the 9th District from 2007 to 2014 , and the same district from 1993 until 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia", "text": "The University of Northern British Columbia ( UNBC ) is a small , research-intensive university . The main campus is located in Prince George , British Columbia . UNBC also has regional campuses in northern British Columbia in Prince Rupert , Terrace , Quesnel , and Fort St. John . The enabling legislation is the University of Northern British Columbia Act 1996 . In the 2019-20 academic year , 3,570 students were enrolled at UNBC . In 2015 and , 2016 UNBC was ranked as the number one university of its size in Canada in the Primarily Undergraduate category by Maclean 's Magazine . As of 2019 , UNBC was ranked in the top three in its category for 12 straight years . In 2007 , the university obtained the trademark for Canada 's Green University . Because of its northern latitude , UNBC is a member of the University of the Arctic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGPX-TV", "text": "KGPX-TV , virtual and UHF digital channel 34 , is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station licensed to Spokane , Washington , United States and also serving Coeur d'Alene , Idaho . The station is owned by Ion Media Networks . KGPX 's studios are co-located with NBC affiliate KHQ-TV ( channel 6 ) on West Sprague Avenue in Spokane , and its transmitter is on Krell Hill southeast of Spokane ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morningside_Australian_Football_Club", "text": "The Morningside Australian Football Club , also known as the Morningside Panthers , is an Australian rules football club based at Jack Esplen Oval in the suburb of Hawthorne in Brisbane . The club consists of Masters , Amateurs , Women 's , Junior and Senior football sections . Its senior team competed in the North East Australian Football League ( NEAFL ) competition in 2011-14 and now is a member club of the Queensland Australian Football League . Its junior sides compete in the AFL Brisbane Juniors ( AFLBJ ) competition . The club also caters for young girls and boys by running Auskick skills clinics , which are held at the beginning of the season and do not involve competitive games . Morningside Football Club has operated successfully as a football club in Brisbane for over 50 years and is one of the most widely recognised Queensland based AFL clubs within Australia . It developed from the Hawthorne Juniors club which was founded in 1931 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Club_Universitario_de_Deportes", "text": "Club Universitario de Deportes , also popularly known as Universitario and La U , is a Peruvian football club located in Lima . The club was founded in 1924 under the name Federación Universitaria by students of the National University of San Marcos but was forced to rename in 1931 . Since 1928 , the club competes in the top tier of Peruvian football , the Torneo Descentralizado . In 2000 , they opened the 80,000-capacity stadium Estadio Monumental , currently the largest stadium in Peru and South America , retiring their smaller Estadio Teodoro Lolo Fernandez . Universitario and Alianza Lima are involved in the derby el Clásico , which has its roots in the club 's first participation in the Primera División in 1928 . It also has rivalries with Sporting Cristal , Deportivo Municipal , and Sport Boys . Universitario has won twenty-six first division titles , it was the first Peruvian club to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores . The club won its first Peruvian title in 1929 , one year after its debut in the first division . The club won its first double in the seasons of 1945 and 1946 and won its only treble after conquering the 2000 season . Universitario is one of the two most popular teams in Peru . Universitario 's youth team is U América FC which currently participates in the Copa Perú . According to the International Federation of Football History and Statistics , an international organization recognized by FIFA , Universitario was the best Peruvian club of the 20th century and the 28th most successful in South America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wolverhampton_Wanderers_F.C.", "text": "Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club /ˌwʊlvərˈhæmptən/ ( listen ) , commonly known as Wolves , is an English professional football club based in Wolverhampton , West Midlands . Formed as St. Luke 's FC in 1877 , the club has played at Molineux Stadium since 1889 and competes in the Premier League , the top division of English football , after winning the 2017-18 EFL Championship . The Wolves also compete in the 2019-20 UEFA Europa League : this is the first time the club has qualified for a European tournament for 39 years , by virtue of finishing in seventh place in the 2018-19 Premier League , their first season in the top tier since the 2011-12 season . Wolves was one of the founding members of the Football League in 1888 . The club in 2019-20 is enjoying its 65th season of top flight football ; Wolves 's longest continuous period in the top tier was 26 consecutive seasons in the 33 years between 1932 and 1965 ( n.b . there was no league football between 1939 and 1946 due to World War II ) . In the 1950s , Wolves were English League champions three times ( 1953-54 , 1957-58 and 1958-59 ) , under the management of Stan Cullis . Wolves have also finished League runners-up on five occasions , most recently in 1959-60 . Wolves have won the FA Cup four times , most recently in 1960 , and finished runners-up on a further four occasions . The club has also won the Football League Cup twice , in 1974 and 1980 . In 1953 , Wolves was one of the first British clubs to install floodlights , taking part in televised floodlit friendlies against leading overseas club sides between 1953 and 1956 in the run-up to the creation of the European Cup in 1955 and the first participation of an English club side in that competition in 1956 . Wolves reached the quarter-finals of the 1959-60 European Cup and the semi-finals of the 1960-61 European Cup Winners ' Cup , and were runners-up to Tottenham Hotspur in the inaugural UEFA Cup Final in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990–91_Pittsburgh_Penguins_season", "text": "The 1990-91 Pittsburgh Penguins season was the Penguins 24th season in the NHL , and they were coming off of a disappointing 1989-90 season , having finished one point behind the New York Islanders for the final playoff spot in the Patrick Division , failing to qualify for post-season play for the seventh time in eight seasons . The Penguins placed first in their division , third-overall in the Wales Conference , on the way to the first-ever Stanley Cup championship for the team . Seven players and three off-ice staff members from the 1990-91 team have been elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/101_Reykjavík", "text": "101 Reykjavík ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is a 2000 Icelandic comedy film directed by Baltasar Kormákur and starring Victoria Abril and Hilmir Snær Guðnason . It is based on an eponymous 1996 novel by Hallgrímur Helgason , and both are set in Reykjavík , Iceland . The title is taken from the Íslandspóstur postal code for the Miðborg district of central Reykjavík . The film won nine B-class film awards and received ten nominations most notably winning the Discovery Film Award at the Toronto International Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martina_Zellner", "text": "Martina Zellner-Seidl ( born February 26 , 1974 in Traunstein ) is a former German biathlete . By the end of her career she had won one Olympic gold and six world championship medals , ( 2 gold , 1 silver and 3 bronze ) . In the World Cup she achieved 14 podium places with three victories . The best overall placing she achieved was in the 1997/98 season when she finished third ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Art_school", "text": "An art school is an educational institution with a primary focus on the visual arts , including fine art , especially illustration , painting , photography , sculpture , and graphic design . Art schools can offer elementary , secondary , post-secondary , or undergraduate programs , and can also offer a broad-based range of programs ( such as the liberal arts and sciences ) . There have been six major periods of art school curricula , and each one has had its own hand in developing modern institutions worldwide throughout all levels of education . Art schools have also created a variety of non-academic skills for many students as well ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brig,_Switzerland", "text": "Brig , officially Brig-Glis ( French : Brigue-Glis , Italian : Briga-Glis ) is a historic town and a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland . The current municipality was formed in 1972 through the merger of Brig ( city ) , Brigerbad and Glis . Together with other Alpine towns Brig-Glis engages in the Alpine Town of the Year Association for the implementation of the Alpine Convention to achieve sustainable development in the Alpine Arc . Brig-Glis was awarded Alpine Town of the Year 2008 . The official language of Brig is ( the Swiss variety of Standard ) German , but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Beaux_Stratagem", "text": "The Beaux ' Stratagem is a comedy by George Farquhar , first produced at the Theatre Royal , now the site of Her Majesty 's Theatre , in the Haymarket , London , on March 8 , 1707 . In the play , Archer and Aimwell , two young gentlemen who have fallen on hard times , plan to travel through small towns , entrap young heiresses , steal their money and move on . In the first town , Lichfield , they set their sights on Dorinda . Aimwell falls truly in love , and comedy ensues . Foigard , a priest and chaplain to the French officer , is actually an Irish priest called MacShane ( a sombre version of the stage-Irish stereotype ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1952_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1952 Summer Olympics ( Finnish : Kesäolympialaiset 1952 ; Swedish : Olympiska sommarspelen 1952 ) , officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event held in Helsinki , Finland , from July 19 to August 3 , 1952 . Helsinki had been earlier selected to host the 1940 Summer Olympics , which were cancelled due to World War II . It is the northernmost city at which a summer Olympic Games have been held . These were the first games to be held in a non-Indo-European language speaking country . It was also the Olympic Games at which the most number of world records were broken until it was surpassed by the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing . The Soviet Union , the People 's Republic of China , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Israel , Thailand , and Saarland made their Olympic debuts in Helsinki 1952 . The United States won the most gold and overall medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Derry_City_F.C.", "text": "Derry City Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Chathair Dhoire ) is a professional football club based in Derry , County Londonderry , Northern Ireland . It plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division , the top tier of league football in the Republic of Ireland , and is the League of Ireland 's only participant from Northern Ireland . The club 's home ground is the Brandywell Stadium and the players wear red and white striped shirts from which its nickname , the Candystripes , derives . The club is also known as the Red and White Army , Derry or City . The club , founded in 1928 , initially played in the Irish League , the domestic league in Northern Ireland , and won a title in 1964-65 . In 1971 , security concerns related to the Troubles meant matches could not be played at the Brandywell . The team played home fixtures 30 miles ( 48 km ) away in Coleraine . The security forces withdrew their objections to the use of the Brandywell the following year , but in the face of insistence from the Irish League that the unsustainable arrangement continue , the club withdrew from the league . After 13 years in junior football , it joined the League of Ireland 's new First Division for 1985-86 . Derry won the First Division title and achieved promotion to the Premier Division in 1987 , and remained there until an administrative relegation in 2009 . The club won a domestic treble in 1988-89 , the only League of Ireland club so far to do so . After spending the majority of its time in the League of Ireland in the Premier Division , the club was expelled in November 2009 when it was discovered there were secondary , unofficial contracts with players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Orleans,_Louisiana", "text": "New Orleans ( /ˈɔːrl ( i ) ənz , ɔːrˈliːnz/ , locally /ˈɔːrlənz/ ; French : La Nouvelle-Orléans [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ] ( listen ) ) is a consolidated city-parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Louisiana . With an estimated population of 391,006 in 2018 , it is the most populous city in Louisiana . Serving as a major port , New Orleans is considered an economic and commercial hub for the broader Gulf Coast region of the United States . New Orleans is world-renowned for its distinct music , Creole cuisine , unique dialect , and its annual celebrations and festivals , most notably Mardi Gras . The historic heart of the city is the French Quarter , known for its French and Spanish Creole architecture and vibrant nightlife along Bourbon Street . The city has been described as the most unique in the United States , owing in large part to its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage . Founded in 1718 by French colonists , New Orleans was once the territorial capital of French Louisiana before being traded to the United States in the Louisiana Purchase of 1803 . New Orleans in 1840 was the third-most populous city in the United States , and it was the largest city in the American South from the Antebellum era until after World War II . The city has historically been very vulnerable to flooding , due to such factors as high rainfall , low lying elevation , poor natural drainage and location next to multiple bodies of water . State and federal authorities have installed a complex system of levees and drainage pumps in an effort to protect the city . New Orleans was severely affected by Hurricane Katrina on August 29 , 2005 , which resulted in flooding more than 80% of the city , thousands of deaths , and so much displacement because of damaged communities and lost housing as to cause a population decline of over 50% . Since Katrina , major redevelopment efforts have led to a rebound in the city 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oscar_McBride", "text": "Oscar Bernard McBride ( born July 23 , 1972 ) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League who played for the Arizona Cardinals . He played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saitama_Prefecture", "text": "Saitama Prefecture ( 埼玉県 , Saitama-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kantō region . The capital is the city of Saitama . This prefecture is part of the Greater Tokyo Area , and many of Saitama 's cities can be described as suburbs of Tokyo , to which many residents commute each day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alvah_Crocker", "text": "Alvah Crocker ( October 14 , 1801 - December 26 , 1874 ) was an American manufacturer and railroad promoter . He served in the Massachusetts General Court and was U.S. Representative from Massachusetts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anaheim,_California", "text": "Anaheim ( /ˈænəhaɪm/ ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th-most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second-largest city in Orange County in terms of land area , and is known for being the home of the Disneyland Resort , the Anaheim Convention Center , and two major sports teams : the Anaheim Ducks ice hockey club and the Los Angeles Angels baseball team . Anaheim was founded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on March 18 , 1876 ; Orange County was split off from Los Angeles County in 1889 . Anaheim remained largely an agricultural community until Disneyland opened in 1955 . This led to the construction of several hotels and motels around the area , and residential districts in Anaheim soon followed . The city also developed into an industrial center , producing electronics , aircraft parts and canned fruit . Anaheim is a charter city . Anaheim 's city limits extend almost the full width of Orange County , from Cypress in the west , twenty miles east to the Riverside County line in the east , encompass a diverse range of neighborhoods . In the west , mid-20th-century tract houses predominate . Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts , the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony . South of downtown , a center of commercial activity of regional importance begins , the Anaheim-Santa Ana edge city , which stretches east and south into the cities of Orange , Santa Ana and Garden Grove ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Titanic_(musical)", "text": "Titanic is a musical with music and lyrics by Maury Yeston and a book by Peter Stone that opened on Broadway in 1997 . It swept the 1997 musical Tony Awards winning all five it was nominated for including the award for Best Musical and Best Score ( Yeston 's second for both ) . Titanic is set on the ocean liner RMS Titanic which sank on its maiden voyage on April 15 , 1912 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romelu_Lukaku", "text": "Romelu Menama Lukaku Bolingoli ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈroːmeːlu luˈkaːku ] ; born 13 May 1993 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Inter Milan and the Belgium national team . Born in Antwerp , he began his professional career at Belgian Pro League club Anderlecht in 2009 , where he made his senior debut , at age 16 . He won the league 's top goalscorer , the league championship and the Belgian Ebony Shoe there . He signed for English side Chelsea in 2011 , but featured sparingly in his first season and joined West Bromwich Albion on loan in 2012 . He helped them to an unexpected eighth-place finish in the 2012-13 season and ahead of the 2013-14 season , he joined Everton on loan . After helping Everton reach a club-record points tally , he joined the team in a permanent deal worth a club-record fee of £28 million in 2014 . He was named in the 2016-17 PFA Team of the Year , Lukaku signed for Manchester United in 2017 , for an initial fee of £75 million . A Belgian international , Lukaku has played 84 games for his country , and scored 52 goals , making him Belgium 's all-time top goalscorer . [ N1 ] Lukaku made his senior international debut for Belgium in 2010 , at age 17 , and has since represented his country at three major tournaments , including two FIFA World Cups and one UEFA European Championship . At the 2018 World Cup , Lukaku led Belgium to a third-place finish by finishing as the joint second-highest goalscorer , and won the Bronze Boot ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woman_Reading_a_Letter_(Vermeer)", "text": "Woman Reading a Letter ( Dutch : Brieflezende vrouw ) is a painting by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer , produced in around 1663 . It has been part of the collection of the City of Amsterdam since the Van der Hoop bequest in 1854 , and in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam since it opened in 1885 , the first Vermeer it acquired ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eugene_McCarthy", "text": "Eugene Joseph McCarthy ( March 29 , 1916 - December 10 , 2005 ) was an American politician and poet from Minnesota . He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1949 to 1959 and the United States Senate from 1959 to 1971 . McCarthy sought the Democratic nomination in the 1968 presidential election , challenging incumbent Lyndon B. Johnson on an anti-Vietnam War platform . McCarthy sought the presidency five times , but never won . Born in Watkins , Minnesota , McCarthy became an economics professor after earning a graduate degree from the University of Minnesota . He served as a codebreaker for the United States Department of War during World War II . McCarthy became a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party ( the state affiliate of the Democratic Party ) and won election to the House of Representatives in 1948 . He served until winning election to the Senate in 1958 . McCarthy was a prominent supporter of Adlai Stevenson II for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1960 and was himself a candidate for the Democratic vice presidential nomination in 1964 . He co-sponsored the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 , though he later expressed regret about the impact of the bill and became a member of the Federation for American Immigration Reform . As the 1960s progressed , McCarthy emerged as a prominent opponent of President Johnson 's handling of the Vietnam War . After Robert Kennedy declined the request of a group of anti-war Democrats to challenge Johnson in the 1968 Democratic primaries , McCarthy entered the race on an anti-war platform ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northwest_Territories", "text": "The Northwest Territories ( abbr . NT or NWT ; French : les Territoires du Nord-Ouest , abbr . TNO ; Athapascan languages : Denendeh ; Inuvialuk : Nunatsiaq ; Inuktitut : ᓄᓇᑦᓯᐊᖅ ) is a federal territory of Canada . At a land area of approximately 1,144,000 km2 ( 442,000 sq mi ) and a 2016 census population of 41,786 , it is the second-largest and the most populous of the three territories in Northern Canada . Its estimated population as of 2019 is 44,895 . Yellowknife became the territorial capital in 1967 , following recommendations by the Carrothers Commission . The Northwest Territories , a portion of the old North-Western Territory , entered the Canadian Confederation on July 15 , 1870 . Since then , the territory has been divided several times to create new provinces and territories or enlarge existing ones . Its current borders date from April 1 , 1999 , when the territory was divided to create Nunavut to the east , via the Nunavut Act and the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement . While Nunavut is mostly Arctic tundra , the Northwest Territories has a slightly warmer climate and is both boreal forest ( taiga ) and tundra , and its most northern regions form part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago . The Northwest Territories is bordered by Canada 's two other territories , Nunavut to the east and Yukon to the west , and by the provinces of British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan to the south , and may touch Manitoba at a quadripoint to the southeast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Heart_of_Me", "text": "The Heart of Me is a 2002 British period drama film directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan and starring Helena Bonham Carter , Paul Bettany and Olivia Williams . Set in London before and after World War II , it depicts the consequences of a woman 's torrid affair with her sister 's husband . The film is an adaptation of Rosamond Lehmann 's novel The Echoing Grove ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dove_Creek_Baptist_Church", "text": "The Dove Creek Baptist Church , in Elbert County , Georgia , was built in 1880 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 . It was deemed significant as one of few remaining examples of small rural black churches built in the late 19th century in northeast Georgia . Founded by a small group of rural blacks who wanted their own church after the Civil War , Dove Creek Baptist Church is similar to other late 19th century rural black churches in Georgia in its simple frame construction and rectangular shape with gabled roof and little architectural detailing . Other characteristic features are the central entrance , rear extension , and weatherboard siding . In 1987 it was located on the south side of Georgia State Route 72 about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) west of Elberton , Georgia . Its location was a wooded rural one ; its original location about .25 miles ( 0.40 km ) to the southeast is similar ; it was moved to the northwest in 1979 towards addressing issues of vandalism and access . The historic church may no longer exist , because a New Cove Creek Baptist Church exists , at Cove Creek Church Road and highway 72 , as seen in Google Streetview with image capture December 2018 and by Google Satellite view , while the historic building is not visible . Google Satellite view indicates the apparent former site of the church , with a graveyard , further to the southeast along Dove Creek Church Road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_baseman", "text": "First base , or 1B , is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner to score a run for that player 's team . A first baseman is the player on the team playing defense who fields the area nearest first base , and is responsible for the majority of plays made at that base . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the first baseman is assigned the number 3 . Also called first sacker or cornerman , the first baseman is ideally a tall player who throws left-handed and possesses good flexibility and quick reflexes . Flexibility is needed because the first baseman receives throws from the other infielders , the catcher and the pitcher after they have fielded ground balls . In order for the runner to be called out , the first baseman must be able to stretch towards the throw and catch it before the runner reaches first base . First base is often referred to as the other hot corner - the hot corner being third base - and therefore , like the third baseman , he must have quick reflexes to field the hardest hit balls down the foul line , mainly by left-handed pull hitters and right-handed hitters hitting to the opposite field . They often are power hitters who have a substantial number of home runs and extra base hits while maintaining a .270 plus batting average . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Ghaydah", "text": "Al Ghaydah ( Arabic : الغيظة ) is the capital city of Al Mahrah Governorate in south-eastern Yemen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/34th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 34th Academy Awards , honoring the best in film for 1961 , were held on April 9 , 1962 , at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica , California . They were hosted by Bob Hope ; this was the 13th time Hope hosted the Oscars . Legendary filmmaker Federico Fellini received his first Best Director nomination for his film La Dolce Vita , though the movie itself failed to garner a nomination for Best Picture . Sophia Loren became the first thespian to win an acting Oscar for a non-English-speaking role as well as only the seventh person ever to win the Best Actress for a film with singular nomination , a feat that would n't occur again until 1989 , when Jodie Foster won Best Actress for her performance in The Accused ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013–14_Iraqi_Premier_League", "text": "The 2013-14 Iraqi Premier League was the 40th season of the competition since its establishment in 1974 . The name of the league was changed from Iraqi Elite League to Iraqi Premier League , and the season began on 29 October 2013 . The tournament reached round 23 out of 30 , but due to the worsening war situation and increased unrest in the country , the Iraq Football Association ( IFA ) ended the season on 18 June 2014 , with the standings on that date being considered as final . At the time , the IFA made a number of differing comments regarding the end of the competition , leading to a dispute among sources as to whether a champion had been named for the season . On 24 July 2019 , the IFA vice-president confirmed to Al-Maalomah agency that Al-Shorta were the champions of the 2013-14 season , stating : The Competitions Committee had cancelled the Iraqi Football Premier League for the season 2014 because of the occupation of the terrorist group ISIS over a number of Iraqi cities . The Iraqi League was nearing completion and Al-Shorta were leading the tournament at the time , therefore Al-Shorta are the champions of the Iraqi League for the season 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glorious_Godfrey", "text": "Glorious Godfrey is a DC Comics supervillain who is part of The Fourth World series of comic books in the early 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1908_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The 1908 Major League Baseball season . The Chicago Cubs defeated the Detroit Tigers 4-1 to win the World Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canon_d'Infanterie_de_37_modèle_1916_TRP", "text": "The Canon d'Infanterie de 37 modèle 1916 TRP ( 37mm mle.1916 ) was a French infantry support gun , first used during World War I. TRP stands for tir rapide , Puteaux ( fast-firing , designed by the Atelier de Puteaux ) . The tactical purpose of this gun was the destruction of machine gun nests . It was also used on aircraft such as the Beardmore W.B.V and the Salmson-Moineau . Fighter ace René Fonck used a 37mm mle.1916 on a SPAD S.XII ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_1996_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Boxing at the 1996 Summer Olympics took place in the Alexander Memorial Coliseum in Atlanta . The boxing schedule began on 20 July and ended on 4 August . Twelve boxing events were contested , with the participation of 355 athletes from 97 countries . There was significant controversy surrounding judging of the fight between Floyd Mayweather of the US and Serafim Todorov of Bulgaria , with Todorov winning the semi-final bout which , according to many observers , was won by Mayweather ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gangjin", "text": "Gangjin County ( Gangjin-gun ) is a county in South Jeolla Province , South Korea . Gangjin county proper was established in 1895 . The county office is located in Gangjin-eup . The Gangjin Kiln Sites are a noted area for the production of traditional Goryeo celadon , and annually a big festival and symposium on celadon porcelain at the Goryeo Celadon Museum with participants from all over the world takes place in Gangjin city . Additionally , it is the birthplace of Korean poet Yeongrang Kim Yun-sik , famous for his work in the 1930s and 1940s in the Jeolla dialect . The county bird is the magpie . The county flower is the camellia , and the county tree is the ginkgo . There are also two mascots , Gang and Jin , who represent fire and water , respectively , and who appear throughout the county on signs and sidewalks . A small portion of Wolchulsan National Park is located in Gangjin County . There is a monument to 17th-century Dutch explorer Hendrick Hamel , the first westerner to experience and write about Korea 's Joseon Dynasty era . Hamel and his men were shipwrecked on Jeju island , and they remained captives in Korea for 13 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1984", "text": "The 1st women 's Biathlon World Championships were held in 1984 in Chamonix , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacques-Désiré_Périatambée", "text": "Jacques-Désiré Périatambée ( born 15 October 1975 ) is a Mauritian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder . He represented Mauritius internationally with the Mauritius national team . His previous clubs include AJ Auxerre , Troyes AC , Grenoble Foot 38 , Le Mans UC 72 , Chamois Niortais , Dijon FCO , SC Bastia all in the French football league system . With Bastia Periatambee won the French third-tier in the 2010-11 season and the Ligue 2 in the 2011-12 season before retiring from professional football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Singapore", "text": "Singapore ( /ˈsɪŋ ( ɡ ) əpɔːr/ ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Singapore , is a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia . Singapore is located about one degree ( 137 kilometres or 85 miles ) north of the equator , and is situated off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , and by extension , the southernmost extremity of continental Asia . The island country shares its southern maritime border with Indonesia 's Riau Islands , its northern , western , and eastern maritime borders with the Johor state of Peninsular Malaysia , and is in the vicinity of Sumatra to its west and Borneo to its east . It is enveloped by the littoral waters of the Johore Strait to its north and the Singapore Strait to its south , and is geographically positioned within the confluence of the Indian and Pacific Oceans , being bounded by the Malacca Strait to its west and the South China Sea to its east . The country 's territory is composed of one main island and 58 smaller islets , the combined area of which has increased by almost 25% since the country 's independence as a result of extensive land reclamation projects . Although Singapore has been a constituent part of several Hindu-Buddhist thalassocratic empires and Islamic sultanates throughout its millennia-long history , modern Singapore , then part of the erstwhile Johor Sultanate , was founded in 1819 when Stamford Raffles , a British colonial officer , established a trading post of the East India Company on the island . In 1824 , the island and its satellite islets were fully ceded by the Johor Sultanate , and in 1826 , Singapore was incorporated into the Straits Settlements , a group of East India Company territories in the Malay peninsula . From 1830 to 1858 , the Straits Settlements were administered as a Malayan subdivision of the East India Company 's Bengal Presidency ; following the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , the Presidency and its constituent Settlements were reorganised into the British Raj . In 1867 , Britain 's colonial holdings in the Malay archipelago were separated from British India , and the administration of the Straits Settlements was transferred from Calcutta to London , bringing the Straits Settlements under the direct control of the British Crown as a crown colony . From 1867 to the 1940s , Singapore grew into a successful entrepôt that attracted settlers and sojourners from the region and beyond . During the Second World War , Imperial Japan successfully invaded Singapore , resulting in an interregnum of British rule corresponding with a brief Japanese occupation from 1942 to 1945 . Following Japan 's surrender in 1945 , the Straits Settlements were dissolved , with Singapore being returned to British control as a standalone crown colony in 1946 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tight_end", "text": "The tight end ( TE ) is a position in American football , arena football , and formerly Canadian football , on the offense . The tight end is often seen as a hybrid position with the characteristics and roles of both an offensive lineman and a wide receiver . Like offensive linemen , they are usually lined up on the offensive line and are large enough to be effective blockers . On the other hand , unlike offensive linemen , they are eligible receivers adept enough to warrant a defense 's attention when running pass patterns . Because of the hybrid nature of the position , the tight end 's role in any given offense depends on the tactical preferences and philosophy of the head coach . In some systems , the tight end will merely act as a sixth offensive lineman , rarely going out for passes . Other systems use the tight end primarily as a receiver , frequently taking advantage of the tight end 's size to create mismatches in the defensive secondary . Many coaches will often have one tight end who specializes in blocking on running plays while using a tight end with better pass-catching skills in obvious passing situations . Offensive formations may have as few as zero or as many as three tight ends at one time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Louis_Blues", "text": "The St. Louis Blues are a professional ice hockey team based in St. Louis . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Central Division of the Western Conference . The franchise was founded in 1967 as one of the six teams from the 1967 NHL expansion and is named after the W. C. Handy song Saint Louis Blues . The Blues play their home games at the 19,150-seat Enterprise Center in downtown St. Louis , which has been their arena since moving from St. Louis Arena in 1994 . The Blues qualified for the playoffs in all but nine of their 52 seasons , appeared in the Stanley Cup Finals four times , and won the Stanley Cup in 2019 . Their 42 playoff appearances are the most for any NHL team outside of the Original Six , although the franchise struggled in the postseason throughout much of their history . While they made the Stanley Cup Finals in each of their first three seasons , they were swept each time . With the Blues ' victory in their fourth Stanley Cup Final , 49 years after their last appearance and in their 52nd year of existence , they became the final active team from the 1967 expansion to win their first Stanley Cup . The Blues have a rivalry with the Chicago Blackhawks , with both teams having played in the same division since 1970 . The San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) and the Tulsa Oilers of the ECHL are the two minor league affiliates of the Blues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/C.D._Universidad_Privada_Antenor_Orrego", "text": "Universidad Privada Antenor Orrego is a Peruvian football club , based in the city of Trujillo , La Libertad . It was founded on August 30 , 1995 . The club changed its name to Sport Coopsol Trujillo in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrea_Bargnani", "text": "Andrea Bargnani ( Italian pronunciation : [ anˈdrɛːa barˈɲaːni ] ; born 26 October 1985 ) is an Italian former professional basketball player . The 213-centimeter ( 7 ft 0 in ) power forward-center played for Benetton Treviso in the Italian LBA and the EuroLeague before being selected first overall in the 2006 NBA draft by the Toronto Raptors . He spent 10 seasons in the NBA before ending his career with a stint in Spain during the 2016-17 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Channel_One_Russia", "text": "Channel One ( Russian : Первый канал , tr . Pervyy kanal , IPA : [ ˈpʲervɨj kɐˈnaɫ ] , literally First Channel ) is the first television channel to broadcast in the Russian Federation . Its headquarters are located at Ostankino Technical Center near the Ostankino Tower in Moscow . First among Russia 's country-wide channels , Channel One has more than 250 million viewers worldwide . From 1995 to 2002 the channel was known as Public Russian Television ( Russian : Общественное Российское Телевидение , tr . Obshchestvennoye Rossiyskoye Televideniye , ORT ) or Russian Public Television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Marino", "text": "San Marino ( /ˌsæn məˈriːnoʊ/ ( listen ) , Italian : [ sam maˈriːno ] ) , officially the Republic of San Marino ( Italian : Repubblica di San Marino ) , also known as the Most Serene Republic of San Marino ( Italian : Serenissima Repubblica di San Marino ) , is an enclave microstate in Southern Europe , on the northeastern side of the Apennine Mountains , completely surrounded by Italy . It is just over 61 km2 ( 24 sq mi ) , with a population of 33,562 . Its capital is the City of San Marino and its largest settlement is Dogana in the municipality of Serravalle . San Marino has the smallest population of any member of the Council of Europe . The official language is Italian , and San Marino maintains strong financial and ethno-cultural connections to its much larger neighbour . It is located close to the riviera of Rimini , one of Italy 's main coastal resort areas . The country derives its name from Saint Marinus , a stonemason from the Roman colony on the island of Rab , in modern-day Croatia . In AD 257 , [ clarification needed ] Marinus , according to legend , participated in the reconstruction of Rimini 's city walls after their destruction by Liburnian pirates . Marinus then went on to found an independent monastic community on Monte Titano in AD 301 ; thus , San Marino lays claim to be the oldest extant sovereign state as well as the oldest constitutional republic . The nation is governed by the Constitution of San Marino ( Leges Statutae Republicae Sancti Marini ) , a series of six books written in Latin in the late 16th century , that dictate the country 's political system , among other matters . San Marino is considered to have the earliest written governing documents still in effect . The country 's economy mainly relies on finance , industry , [ which ? ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Linda_Lewis", "text": "Linda Lewis ( born Linda Ann Fredericks , 27 September 1950 ) is an English vocalist , songwriter and guitarist . She is the eldest of six children , three of whom also had singing careers . She is best known for the singles Rock-a-Doodle-Doo ( 1972 ) , Sideway Shuffle ( 1973 ) and her version of Betty Everett 's Shoop Shoop Song ( It 's in His Kiss ) ( 1975 ) , and for albums such as Lark ( 1972 ) , Not a Little Girl Anymore ( 1975 ) , Woman Overboard ( 1977 ) and the later Second Nature ( 1995 ) , which became successful in countries such as Japan . Lewis also provided vocals for others such as David Bowie , Al Kooper , Cat Stevens , Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel , Rick Wakeman , Rod Stewart , Peter Bardens , Hummingbird , Joan Armatrading and Jamiroquai . Lewis is a self-taught guitarist and keyboard player , influenced by Harry Nilsson , Billie Holiday and Smokey Robinson , also drawing inspiration from others such as Joni Mitchell . Her music blends folk , funk and soul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WJBK", "text": "WJBK , virtual channel 2 ( VHF digital channel 7 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Detroit , Michigan , United States . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation . WJBK 's studios and transmitter are located on West 9 Mile Road in the Detroit suburb of Southfield . WJBK 's over-the-air signal covers all of Metro Detroit , along with Southwestern Ontario , Canada , surrounding the city of Windsor . On cable , the station is available on channel 12 on Comcast Xfinity 's Detroit city and South Oakland County systems , channel 2 in other suburbs and outlying areas and on AT & T U-verse , and channel 7 on Cogeco 's Windsor system . The station is also carried on most cable systems in southeast Michigan , southwestern Ontario and northwest Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vida_Arena", "text": "Vida Arena ( branded as VIDA Arena ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in Växjö , Sweden . The arena opened in September 2011 and is best known as the home arena for the ice hockey team Växjö Lakers . It seats 5,750 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Les_Oubliées", "text": "Les Oubliées ( The forgotten women ) is a 1996 documentary film directed by Anne-Laure Folly of Togo and shot in Angola ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erison_da_Silva_Santos", "text": "Erison Da Silva Santos Carnietto , known as Baiano , ( born January 19 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian footballer who is currently unattached , having last played for Terengganu FA in the Malaysia Super League . He is a defensive midfielder and right defender . Baiano previously played for Slavia Sofia in Bulgaria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tegera_Arena", "text": "Tegera Arena is an arena in Leksand , Sweden primarily used for ice hockey , and is the home arena of Leksands IF . It opened in October 2005 and holds 7,650 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nadderud_Stadion", "text": "Nadderud stadion is a multi-purpose stadium at Nadderud near Bekkestua , in Bærum , Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Warawa", "text": "Mark Warawa ( May 7 , 1950 - June 20 , 2019 ) was a Canadian politician . Formerly a businessman and loss prevention officer as well as a city councillor in Abbotsford , British Columbia from 1990 to 2004 , Warawa was the Member of Parliament for Langley - Aldergrove ( originally called Langley ) from 2004 until his death in 2019 . On February 10 , 2006 , Warawa was named parliamentary secretary to the Minister of the Environment . Less recently , he served as a member of the Standing Committee on Justice , Human Rights , Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness . Warawa introduced a private member 's bill in the House of Commons , condemning discrimination against females in sex-selective abortion . He and his wife , Diane , lived in Langley and had five children . His son Ryan was the Conservative candidate in Vancouver East in the 2008 election , losing to Libby Davies of the NDP . Warawa died of pancreatic cancer on June 20 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nantes", "text": "Nantes ( /nɒ̃t/ , also US : /nænts , nɑːnt ( s ) / , French : [ nɑ̃t ] ( listen ) ; Gallo : Naunnt or Nantt [ nɑ̃ ( ː ) t ] ; Breton : Naoned [ ˈnãunət ] ) is a city in Loire-Atlantique on the Loire , 50 km ( 31 mi ) from the Atlantic coast . The city is the sixth-largest in France , with a population of 303,382 in Nantes and a metropolitan area of nearly 950,000 inhabitants . With Saint-Nazaire , a seaport on the Loire estuary , Nantes forms the main north-western French metropolis . It is the administrative seat of the Loire-Atlantique department and the Pays de la Loire région , one of 18 regions of France . Nantes belongs historically and culturally to Brittany , a former duchy and province , and its omission from the modern administrative region of Brittany is controversial . Nantes was identified during classical antiquity as a port on the Loire . It was the seat of a bishopric at the end of the Roman era before it was conquered by the Bretons in 851 . Although Nantes was the primary residence of the 15th-century dukes of Brittany , Rennes became the provincial capital after the 1532 union of Brittany and France . During the 17th century , after the establishment of the French colonial empire , Nantes gradually became the largest port in France and was responsible for nearly half of the 18th-century French Atlantic slave trade . The French Revolution resulted in an economic decline , but Nantes developed robust industries after 1850 ( chiefly in shipbuilding and food processing ) . Deindustrialisation in the second half of the 20th century spurred the city to adopt a service economy . In 2012 , the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ranked Nantes as a Gamma world city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Dancing_on_Ice_professional_skaters", "text": "Professional skaters from the British television show Dancing on Ice are figure skaters who appear with celebrities in front of a panel of judges . Most of the professionals on the series are former ice dancers or pair skaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pontianak", "text": "Pontianak is the capital of the Indonesian province of West Kalimantan , founded by Syarif Abdurrahman Alkadrie as a capital of Sultanate of Kadriyah on 23 October 1771 / 14 Rajab 1185 AH . Syarif Abdurrahman Alkadrie developed Pontianak as a trading port on the island of Borneo , occupying an area of 107.82 km² in the delta of the Kapuas River . It is located on the equator , hence it is widely known as Kota Khatulistiwa ( Equatorial City ) . The city center is less than 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south of the equator . Pontianak is the 26th largest city in Indonesia in terms of population , as well as the fifth largest city on the island of Borneo ( Kalimantan ) in terms of population after Samarinda , Banjarmasin , Kuching and Balikpapan . The city was founded as a small Malay fishing village at the bank of the Kapuas River . It then became the seat of the Pontianak Sultanate for several centuries . Pontianak was then incorporated into the Dutch East Indies after an agreement between the Pontianak Sultanate and the Dutch Government . During the colonial era , Pontianak was the seat of the Residentie Westerafdeeling van Borneo , one of the residencies of the Dutch East Indies . When the Japanese occupied the Dutch East Indies , Pontianak became the site of the Pontianak massacre , in which many Malay aristocrats and sultans as well as people from other ethnic groups were massacred by the Imperial Japanese Army , especially in the Massacre of Mandor ( Holocaust of Mandor ) . After the Japanese surrendered , Pontianak became part of the Republic of Indonesia and was designated as the capital city of the province of West Kalimantan . Pontianak is a multicultural city , as different ethnic groups such as the Dayak , Malay , Bugis people , and Chinese live in the city , with some transmigrant such as Javanese , Madura people , Bataks , Ambon people , Papuan transmigrants , Manado people , etc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gore_District_Council", "text": "Gore District is a municipality in the Southland region of the South Island of New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Country_music", "text": "Country music , also known as country and western ( or simply country ) , and hillbilly music , is a genre of popular music that takes its roots from genres such as American folk music ( especially Appalachian and Western music ) and blues . Its popularized roots originate in the Southern United States of the early 1920s . Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms , folk lyrics , and harmonies mostly accompanied by string instruments such as banjos , electric and acoustic guitars , steel guitars ( such as pedal steels and dobros ) , and fiddles as well as harmonicas . Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history . According to Lindsey Starnes , the term country music gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term hillbilly music ; it came to encompass Western music , which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots , in the mid-20th century . In 2009 in the United States , country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute , and second most popular in the morning commute . The term country music is used today to describe many styles and subgenres . The origins of country music are found in the folk music of working class Americans and/or blue-collar American life , who blended popular songs , Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes , traditional English ballads , cowboy songs , and the musical traditions of various groups of European immigrants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BBVA_Compass", "text": "BBVA USA ( formerly BBVA Compass ) is a bank holding company headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama . It has been a subsidiary of the Spanish multinational Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria since 2007 and operates chiefly in Alabama , Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , New Mexico , and Texas . The company is the 30th largest bank in the United States . BBVA USA holds naming rights to BBVA Stadium , a soccer venue in Houston , Texas . From 2011 to 2014 , BBVA USA was the title sponsor of the Birmingham Bowl ( then called the BBVA Compass Bowl ) , a college football bowl game played annually in Birmingham ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dabiri_Tabriz_FSC", "text": "Dabiri Tabriz Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال دبیری تبریز ) is an Iranian futsal club based in Tabriz . The team plays in the Iranian Futsal Super League a professional futsal league competition for clubs located at the highest level of the Iranian futsal league system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Wars", "text": "Star Wars is an American epic space-opera media franchise created by George Lucas , which began with the eponymous 1977 film and quickly became a worldwide pop-culture phenomenon . The franchise has been expanded into various films and other media , including television series , video games , novels , comic books , theme park attractions , and themed areas , comprising an all-encompassing fictional universe . [ b ] The franchise holds a Guinness World Records title for the Most successful film merchandising franchise . In 2020 , the total value of the Star Wars franchise was estimated at US $ 70 billion , and it is currently the fifth-highest-grossing media franchise of all time . The original film , retroactively subtitled Episode IV : A New Hope , was followed by the sequels Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) and Episode VI : Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) , forming the original Star Wars trilogy . A prequel trilogy was later released , consisting of Episode I : The Phantom Menace ( 1999 ) , Episode II : Attack of the Clones ( 2002 ) , and Episode III : Revenge of the Sith ( 2005 ) . In 2012 , Lucas sold his production company to Disney , relinquishing his ownership of the franchise . The subsequently-produced sequel trilogy consists of Episode VII : The Force Awakens ( 2015 ) , Episode VIII : The Last Jedi ( 2017 ) , and Episode IX : The Rise of Skywalker ( 2019 ) . Together , the three trilogies form what has been referred to as the Skywalker saga . All nine films were nominated for Academy Awards ( with wins going to the first two released ) and were commercially successful . Together with the theatrical spin-off films Rogue One ( 2016 ) and Solo : A Star Wars Story ( 2018 ) , the combined box office revenue of the films equates to over US $ 10 billion , and it is currently the second-highest-grossing film franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lebensborn", "text": "Lebensborn e.V . ( literally : Fount of Life ) was an SS-initiated , state-supported , registered association in Nazi Germany with the goal of raising the birth rate of Aryan children of persons classified as 'racially pure ' and 'healthy ' based on Nazi racial hygiene and health ideology . Lebensborn provided welfare to its mostly unmarried mothers , encouraged anonymous births by unmarried women at their maternity homes , and mediated adoption of these children by likewise 'racially pure ' and 'healthy ' parents , particularly SS members and their families . The Cross of Honour of the German Mother was given to the women who bore the most Aryan children . Abortion was legalised by the Nazis for disabled children , but strictly punished otherwise . Initially set up in Germany in 1935 , Lebensborn expanded into several occupied European countries with Germanic populations during the Second World War . It included the selection of 'racially worthy ' orphans for adoption and care for children born from Aryan women who had been in relationships with SS members . It originally excluded children born from unions between common soldiers and foreign women , because there was no proof of 'racial purity ' on both sides . During the war , many children were kidnapped from their parents and judged by Aryan criteria for their suitability to be raised in Lebensborn homes , and fostering by German families . At the Nuremberg Trials , much direct evidence was found of the kidnapping of children by Nazi Germany , across Greater Germany during the period 1939-1945 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBAF-FM-5", "text": "CBAF-FM-5 is a French-language public radio station located in Halifax , Nova Scotia . It is part of the Ici Radio-Canada Première Network . Owned and operated by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , it broadcasts at 92.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 91,000 watts , using horizontal polarization . It is a Class C station using a non-directional antenna . The broadcast tower is located on Washmill Lake Drive in Clayton Park . The studios and offices are located on Chebucto Road in Halifax . The station also serves as the Première outlet for the Island of Newfoundland , by way of two repeaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mall_of_Mysore", "text": "Mall of Mysore is a shopping mall which is one of the largest and the first of its kind in the Indian city of Mysore , Karnataka . It is located next to the Mysore Race Course with the Chamundi hills as a backdrop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tianjin", "text": "Tianjin ( [ tʰjɛ́n.tɕín ] ( listen ) ) , alternatively romanized as Tientsin , is a municipality and a coastal metropolis in Northern China on the shore of the Bohai Sea . It is one of the nine national central cities in Mainland China , with a total population estimated at 15,621,200 in 2016 . Its built-up ( or metro ) area , made up of 12 central districts ( all but Baodi , Jizhou , Jinghai and Ninghe ) , was home to 12,491,300 inhabitants in 2016 and is also the world 's 29th-largest agglomeration ( between Chengdu and Rio de Janeiro ) and 11th-most populous city proper . It is governed as one of the four municipalities under the direct administration of central government of the PRC and is thus under direct administration of the central government . Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality , bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea . Part of the Bohai Economic Rim , it is the largest coastal city in northern China . In terms of urban population , Tianjin is the fourth largest in China , after Shanghai , Beijing , and Guangzhou . In terms of administrative area population , Tianjin ranks fifth in Mainland China . The walled city of Tianjin was built in 1404 . As a treaty port since 1860 , Tianjin has been a major seaport and gateway to Beijing . During the Boxer Rebellion the city was the seat of the Tianjin Provisional Government . Under the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China , Tianjin became one of the largest cities in the region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heidi_Klum", "text": "Heidi Klum ( German pronunciation : [ ˈhaɪ̯diː ˈklʊm ] ; born 1 June 1973 ) is a German-American model , television personality , businesswoman , fashion designer , singer , television producer , author , and actress . She appeared on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in 1998 and was the first German model to become a Victoria 's Secret Angel . Following a successful modeling career , Klum became the host and a judge of Germany 's Next Topmodel and the reality show Project Runway , which earned her an Emmy nomination in 2008 and a win in 2013 for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program ( shared with co-host Tim Gunn ) ; Klum has been nominated for six Emmy Awards . She has worked as a spokesmodel for Dannon and H & M , and has appeared in numerous commercials for McDonald 's , Volkswagen and others . In 2009 , Klum became Barbie 's official ambassador on Barbie 's 50th anniversary . As an occasional actress , she had supporting roles in movies including Blow Dry ( 2001 ) , Ella Enchanted ( 2004 ) , and made cameo appearances in The Devil Wears Prada ( 2006 ) and Perfect Stranger ( 2007 ) . She has also appeared on TV shows including Sex and the City , How I Met Your Mother , Desperate Housewives and Parks and Recreation . From 2013 until February 2019 , Klum was a judge on NBC reality show , America 's Got Talent . In May 2011 , Forbes magazine estimated Klum 's total earnings for that year as US $ 20 million . She was ranked second on Forbes ' list of the World 's Top-Earning Models . Forbes noted that since ending her 13-year run as a Victoria 's Secret Angel , Klum has become more of a businesswoman than a model . In 2008 , she became an American citizen while maintaining her native German citizenship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Florida", "text": "Florida was admitted to the Union on March 3 , 1845 and elects its U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 3 . Florida 's U.S. Senate seats were declared vacant in March 1861 , due to its secession from the Union . They were filled again in July 1868 . The state is currently represented by Republicans Marco Rubio ( serving since 2011 ) and Rick Scott ( serving since 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Density", "text": "The density ( more precisely , the volumetric mass density ; also known as specific mass ) , of a substance is its mass per unit volume . The symbol most often used for density is ρ ( the lower case Greek letter rho ) , although the Latin letter D can also be used . Mathematically , density is defined as mass divided by volume :"}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_at_the_2014_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The United States competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , from February 7 to 23 , 2014 . Team USA consisted of 230 athletes competing in all 15 sports . After winning an Olympic record 37 medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , the United States had a somewhat disappointing performance during these games . Although the delegation ranked second in overall medals with 28 , it ranked out of the top three in gold medals ( with a total of nine ) for the first time since Nagano in 1998 when it placed 6th in overall medals and 5th in gold medals . In long track speedskating , the U.S. matched its medal-less results from 1984 and 1956 . In figure skating , the U.S. won no medals in the men 's or women 's singles events for the first time since 1936 . Conversely , at the Sanki Sliding Center , the United States won more medals ( seven ) than any other nation . Steven Holcomb and Steven Langton won the first U.S. medal ( a silver ) in two-man bobsled in 62 years , while Erin Hamlin earned the first singles luge medal ever for the United States ( also bronze ) . In skeleton , Noelle Pikus-Pace and Matthew Antoine won silver and bronze respectively , the first U.S. medals in that sport since 2002 . Overall , the U.S. won four medals in bobsled events , two in skeleton , and one in luge . Of the nine gold medals won by Team USA , seven were won by first-time Olympians . In snowboarding , Sage Kotsenburg and Jamie Anderson won gold in the inaugural slopestyle events , and Kaitlyn Farrington won the women 's halfpipe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_League_(video_game)", "text": "Rugby League is a sports game video game developed by Sidhe Interactive and published by Try Blu Entertainment . It was released in 2003 for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 2 , and Xbox . It is the first rugby league video game in the series . It is followed by Rugby League 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_State_University", "text": "Cleveland State University ( CSU ) is a public research university in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States . It was established in 1964 , and opened for classes in 1965 after acquiring the entirety of Fenn College , a private school that had been in operation since 1923 . CSU absorbed the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1969 . Today it is part of the University System of Ohio , has more than 120,000 alumni , and offers over 200 academic programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oyster_Burns", "text": "Thomas P. Oyster Burns ( September 6 , 1864 - November 11 , 1928 ) was a professional baseball player whose career spanned 15 seasons , 11 of which were spent with the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) Wilmington Quicksteps ( 1884 ) , Baltimore Orioles ( 1884-85 , 1887-88 ) , Brooklyn Bridegrooms ( 1888-95 ) , and New York Giants ( 1895 ) . Burns , who predominately played as an outfielder , also played as a shortstop , second baseman , third baseman and as a pitcher . Over his career , Burns compiled a career batting average of .300 with 870 runs scored , 1,392 hits , 224 doubles , 129 triples , 65 home runs , and 834 runs batted in ( RBI ) in 1,188 games played . Although the majority of his career was spent in the major leagues , Burns also played in minor league baseball . He made his MLB debut at the age of 19 and was listed as standing 5 feet 8 inches ( 173 cm ) and weighing 183 pounds ( 83 kg ) . Burns , nicknamed Oyster because he sold shellfish in the off-season , was described as a loudmouth and having an irritating voice and personality . Nevertheless , Burns led the Bridegrooms to an American Association championship in 1889 and a National League pennant in 1890 . After retiring from baseball , Burns died on November 11 , 1928 , in Brooklyn , New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emma_Frost", "text": "Emma Grace Frost is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , most commonly in association with the X-Men . The character first appeared in The Uncanny X-Men # 129 ( January 1980 ) , and was created by writer Chris Claremont and artist/co-writer John Byrne . Emma Frost , also known as the White Queen , has evolved from a supervillain and foe of the X-Men , to becoming a superhero and one of the X-Men 's most central members and leaders . Frost belongs to a subspecies of humanity called mutants , who are born with superhuman abilities . She is an urbane telepath with a well-noted dry wit . The character appears in many adaptations of the X-Men properties , such as video games , animated programs , and the live-action film X-Men : First Class by January Jones ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nuclear_weapons_and_the_United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom was the third country ( after the United States and the Soviet Union ) to develop and test nuclear weapons , and is one of the five nuclear-weapon states under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons . The UK initiated a nuclear weapons programme , codenamed Tube Alloys , during the Second World War . At the Quebec Conference in August 1943 , it was merged with the American Manhattan Project . The British contribution to the Manhattan Project saw British scientists participate in most of its work . The British government considered nuclear weapons to be a joint discovery , but the American Atomic Energy Act of 1946 ( McMahon Act ) restricted other countries , including the UK , from access to information about nuclear weapons . Fearing the loss of Britain 's great power status , the UK resumed its own project , now codenamed High Explosive Research . On 3 October 1952 , it detonated an atomic bomb in the Monte Bello Islands of Western Australia in Operation Hurricane . Eleven more British nuclear weapons tests in Australia were carried out over the following decade , including seven British nuclear tests at Maralinga in 1956 and 1957 . The British hydrogen bomb programme demonstrated Britain 's ability to produce thermonuclear weapons in the Operation Grapple nuclear tests in the Pacific , and led to the amendment of the McMahon Act . Since the 1958 US-UK Mutual Defence Agreement , the US and the UK have cooperated extensively on nuclear security matters . The nuclear Special Relationship between the two countries has involved the exchange of classified scientific data and fissile materials such as uranium-235 and plutonium . The UK has not had a programme to develop an independent delivery system since the cancellation of the Blue Streak in 1960 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frederick_Hall_House", "text": "The Hall-Fowler Memorial Library , also known as the Frederick Hall House , is a former mansion located at 126 East Main Street in Ionia , Michigan . It now houses the Ionia Community Library . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 , and is part of the Historic American Buildings Survey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brisbane", "text": "Brisbane ( /ˈbrɪzbən/ ( listen ) ) is the capital of and the most populated city in the Australian state of Queensland , and the third most populous city in Australia . Brisbane 's metropolitan area has a population of approximately 2.5 million , and the South East Queensland metropolitan region , centred on Brisbane , encompasses a population of more than 3.6 million . [ failed verification ] The Brisbane central business district stands on the historic European settlement and is situated inside a peninsula of the Brisbane River , about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from its mouth at Moreton Bay , a bay of the Coral Sea . The metropolitan area extends in all directions along the hilly floodplain of the Brisbane River Valley between Moreton Bay and the Taylor and D'Aguilar mountain ranges . It sprawls across several of Australia 's most populous local government areas ( LGAs ) - most centrally the City of Brisbane , which is by far the most populous LGA in the nation . The demonym of Brisbane is Brisbanite , whilst common nicknames include Brissy , River City and Brisvegas . One of the oldest cities in Australia , Brisbane was founded upon the ancient homelands of the indigenous Turrbal and Jagera peoples . Named after the Brisbane River on which it is located - which in turn takes its name from Sir Thomas Brisbane , the Governor of New South Wales at the time of the city 's founding - the area was chosen as a place for secondary offenders from the Sydney Colony . A penal settlement was founded in 1824 at Redcliffe , 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north of the central business district , but was soon abandoned and moved to North Quay in 1825 , opening to free settlement in 1842 . Brisbane was chosen as the capital when Queensland was proclaimed a separate colony from New South Wales in 1859 . During World War II , Brisbane played a central role in the Allied campaign and served as the South West Pacific headquarters for United States Army General Douglas MacArthur . A diverse city with 32.2% of its metropolitan population being foreign born , Brisbane is ranked as a world city , and ranks highly in ratings of livable cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Reader's_Digest_Association", "text": "Trusted Media Brands , Inc. ( TMBI ) , formerly known as the Reader 's Digest Association , Inc. ( RDA ) , is an [ American multi-platform media and publishing company that is co-headquartered in New York City and White Plains , New York . The company was founded by husband and wife DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace in New York City in 1922 with the first publication of the magazine Reader 's Digest . The company 's brands include Reader 's Digest , Taste of Home , The Family Handyman , Simple & Delicious , Birds & Blooms , Reminisce , Country , EnrichU , and others . At its peak in 1973 , the flagship magazine had over 30 million subscribers and continues to be published in 30 countries . As of 2016 , its portfolio of brands garners 53 million unique online visitors and 40 million print readers per month ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southeastern_Conference", "text": "The Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) is an American college athletic conference whose member institutions are located primarily in the South Central and Southeastern United States . Its fourteen members include the flagship public universities of ten states , three additional public land grant universities , and one private research university . The conference is headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama . The SEC participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I in sports competitions ; for football , it is part of the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A . The SEC is regarded as one of the most accomplished sports conferences in terms of its winning reputation , with 43 national football championships , 21 basketball championships , 41 indoor track championships , 42 outdoor track championships , 24 swimming championships , 20 gymnastics championships , and 13 College World Series . The conference is also highly successful financially , as it consistently leads most others in revenue distribution to its members , including an SEC record $ 455.8 million for the 2014-15 fiscal year , which was a sizable increase over the $ 292.8 million for the 2013-14 fiscal year , largely due to the revenue from the introduction of the SEC Network . The SEC was also the first NCAA Division I conference to hold a championship game ( and award a subsequent title ) for college football and was one of the founding members of the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) . The current SEC commissioner is Greg Sankey . The conference sponsors team championships in nine men 's sports and twelve women 's sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stamullen", "text": "Stamullen ( Irish : Steach Maoilín , meaning Mullen 's house ) is a village in County Meath , Ireland on the border with County Dublin . It lies just off the M1 motorway some 35 km north of Dublin City and beside the Delvin River . In the late 1990s and early 21st century , it expanded significantly with the development of numerous housing estates in the area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Ryan_(baseball)", "text": "James Edward Ryan ( February 11 , 1863 - October 29 , 1923 ) , nicknamed Pony , was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who played eighteen seasons between 1885 and 1903 , primarily for the Chicago White Stockings/Colts/Orphans ( 1885-89 , 1891-1900 ) . He held the major league record for career assists by an outfielder ( 375 ) from 1900 to 1924 . A native of Clinton , Massachusetts , Ryan enjoyed his best season in 1888 , leading the National League ( NL ) in home runs ( 16 ) , hits ( 182 ) , doubles ( 33 ) , total bases ( 283 ) and slugging percentage ( .515 ) , and also was second in batting average ( .332 ) , runs ( 115 ) and extra base hits ( 59 ) . In that season , he also hit for the cycle on July 28 . Ryan also appeared in that game as a pitcher , becoming the only player in major league history to hit for the cycle and pitch in the same game . The White Stockings beat the Detroit Wolverines 21-17 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_(basketball)", "text": "The center ( C ) , also known as the five position , or the big man , is one of the five positions in a basketball game . The center is normally the tallest player on the team , and often has a great deal of strength and body mass as well . In the NBA , the center is usually 6 feet 10 inches ( 2.08 m ) or taller and usually weighs 240 pounds ( 110 kg ) or more . They traditionally have played close to the basket in the low post . Centers are valued for their ability to protect their own goal while scoring with high efficiency . In the 1950s and 1960s , George Mikan and Bill Russell were centerpieces of championship dynasties and defined early prototypical centers . With the addition of a three-point field goal for the 1979-80 season , however , NBA basketball gradually became more perimeter-oriented and saw the importance of the center position diminished . A center with the ability to shoot outside from three-point range is known as stretch five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1989_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1989 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 5 , after the conclusion of the 1988-89 NHL season . This was the final year that all of the Division Semifinals began with teams playing the first four games in a span of five days . The playoffs concluded on May 25 with the champion Calgary Flames defeating the Montreal Canadiens 4-2 to win the Stanley Cup Final series four games to two . It remains the last time that the Cup Finals was contested between two Canadian hockey teams . Montreal finished the regular season with 115 points , only two behind the league leader Calgary . They had last faced each other in 1986 , with Montreal winning in five games . Calgary was only the second opposing team in NHL history to win a Stanley Cup at the Montreal Forum ( the New York Rangers defeated the Montreal Maroons in 1928 ) and the first and only to do so against the Canadiens . Flames defenceman Al MacInnis won the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP , while Lanny McDonald , who ended the regular season with exactly 500 goals , got his name on the Cup in his last ever NHL game . Flames co-owner Sonia Scurfield became the first Canadian woman to have her name inscribed on the Stanley Cup . Wayne Gretzky and the Los Angeles Kings met the defending champion Oilers in the first round . Gretzky and the Kings defeated the defending Stanley Cup champions after falling behind 3 games to 1 . In the second round the Kings were swept by the eventual champion Calgary Flames in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastern_Command_(India)", "text": "The Eastern Command is one of the six operational commands of the Indian Army . It is headquartered in Fort William in the city of Kolkata in the state of West Bengal . The Command 's Area Of Responsibility ( AOR ) extends from Bengal to Sikkim and then across the entire Northeast India . The Command shares international boundaries with the countries of Nepal , Bhutan , China , Myanmar and Bangladesh . The Eastern Command was formed on 01 November 1920 . The Command is commanded by a Three Star General Officer of the rank of Lieutenant General with the title General Officer Commanding-in-Chief Eastern Command ( GOC-in-C ) . Lieutenant General Anil Chauhan is the current GOC-in-C , who took over on 1 September 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_New_York_Herald_Tribune", "text": "The New York Herald Tribune was a newspaper published between 1924 and 1966 . It was created in 1924 when Ogden Mills Reid of the New-York Tribune acquired the New York Herald . It was widely regarded as a writer 's newspaper and competed with The New York Times in the daily morning market . The paper won at least nine Pulitzer Prizes during its lifetime . [ a ] A Republican paper , a Protestant paper and a paper more representative of the suburbs than the ethnic mix of the city , according to one later reporter , the Tribune generally did not match the comprehensiveness of The New York Times ' coverage . Its national , international and business coverage , however , was generally viewed as among the best in the industry , as was its overall style . At one time or another , the paper was home to such writers as Dorothy Thompson , Red Smith , Roger Kahn , Richard Watts , Jr. , Homer Bigart , Walter Kerr , Walter Lippmann , St. Clair McKelway , Judith Crist , Dick Schaap , Tom Wolfe , John Steinbeck , and Jimmy Breslin . Editorially , the newspaper was the voice for eastern Republicans , later referred to as Rockefeller Republicans , and espoused a pro-business , internationalist viewpoint . The paper , first owned by the Reid family , struggled financially for most of its life and rarely generated enough profit for growth or capital improvements ; the Reids subsidized the Herald Tribune through the paper 's early years . However , it enjoyed prosperity during World War II and by the end of the conflict had pulled close to the Times in ad revenue . A series of disastrous business decisions , combined with aggressive competition from the Times and poor leadership from the Reid family , left the Herald Tribune far behind its rival . In 1958 , the Reids sold the Herald Tribune to John Hay Whitney , a multimillionaire Wall Street investor who was serving as ambassador to the United Kingdom at the time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pervez_Hoodbhoy", "text": "Pervez Amirali Hoodbhoy ( Urdu : پرویز ہودبھائی ; born 11 July 1950 ) is a Pakistani nuclear physicist and activist who serves as Zohra and ZZ Ahmed Foundation distinguished professor at the Forman Christian College and previously taught physics at the Quaid-e-Azam University . Hoodbhoy is also a prominent activist in particular concerned with promotion of freedom of speech , secularism and education in Pakistan . Born and raised in Karachi , Hoodbhoy studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for nine years , where he received degrees in electrical engineering , mathematics and solid-state physics , eventually leading to a PhD in nuclear physics . In 1981 , Hoodbhoy went on to conduct post-doctoral research at the University of Washington , before leaving to serve as a visiting professor at the Carnegie Mellon University in 1985 . While still a professor at the Quaid-e-Azam University , Hoodbhoy worked as a guest scientist at the International Centre for Theoretical Physics between 1986 until 1994 . He remained with the Quaid-e-Azam University until 2010 , throughout which he held visiting professorships at MIT , University of Maryland and Stanford Linear Collider . In 2011 , Hoodbhoy joined LUMS while simultaneously working as a researcher with the Princeton University and a columnist with the Express Tribune . His contract with LUMS was terminated in 2013 which resulted in a controversy . He is a sponsor of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , and a member of the monitoring panel on terrorism of the World Federation of Scientists . Hoodbhoy has won several awards including the Abdus Salam Prize for Mathematics ( 1984 ) ; the Kalinga Prize for the popularization of science ( 2003 ) ; the Burton Award ( 2010 ) from the American Physical Society . In 2011 , he was included in the list of 100 most influential global thinkers by Foreign Policy . In 2013 , he was made a member of the UN Secretary General 's Advisory Board on Disarmament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Renaissance_(2006_film)", "text": "Renaissance , also known as Paris 2054 : Renaissance , is a 2006 animated tech noir science fiction film . The film , which was co-produced in France , the United Kingdom and Luxembourg , was directed by Christian Volckman . It was released on 15 March 2006 in France and 28 July 2006 in the UK by Miramax Films . In the English language version , some of the main characters are voiced by Daniel Craig , Jonathan Pryce and Ian Holm . Renaissance uses a style of motion capture animation in which almost all images are exclusively black-and-white ; only occasional colour is used for detail . The film concerns a French policeman investigating the kidnapping of a scientist who may hold the key to eternal life in a futuristic and slightly dystopian Paris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercury_(astrology)", "text": "Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is . Before the age of telescopes , the night sky was thought to consist of two very similar components : fixed stars , which remained motionless in relation to each other , and wandering stars ( Ancient Greek : ἀστέρες πλανῆται asteres planetai ) , which moved relative to the fixed stars over the course of the year . To the Greeks and the other earliest astronomers , this group consisted of the five planets visible to the naked eye and excluded Earth . Although strictly , the term planet applied only to those five objects , the term was latterly broadened , particularly in the Middle Ages , to include the Sun and the Moon ( sometimes referred to as Lights ) , making a total of seven planets . Astrologers retain this definition today . To ancient astrologers , the planets represented the will of the gods and their direct influence upon human affairs . To modern astrologers , the planets can represent basic drives or urges in the unconscious , or energy flow regulators representing dimensions of experience . They express themselves with different qualities in the twelve signs of the zodiac and in the twelve houses . The planets are also related to each other in the form of aspects . Modern astrologers differ on the source of the correlations between planetary positions and configurations , on the one hand , and characteristics and destinies of the natives , on the other . Hone writes that the planets exert it directly through gravitation or another , unknown influence . Others hold that the planets have no direct influence in themselves , but are mirrors of basic organizing principles in the universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blue_Ribbon_Awards", "text": "The Blue Ribbon Awards ( ブルーリボン賞 , Burū Ribon Shō ) are film-specific prizes awarded solely by movie critics and writers in Tokyo , Japan . The awards were established in 1950 by The Association of Tokyo Film Journalists ( 東京映画記者会 , Tōkyō Eiga Kishakai ) which is composed of film correspondents from seven Tokyo-based sports newspapers . In 1961 , the six major Japanese newspapers ( Yomiuri Shimbun , Asahi Shimbun , Mainichi Shimbun , Sankei Shimbun , Tokyo Shimbun and Nihon Keizai Shinbun ) as well as the Japanese Associated Press withdrew their support for the Blue Ribbon Awards and established the Association of Japanese Film Journalists Awards ( 日本映画記者会賞 , Nihon Eiga Kishakai Shō ) , ( which were held a mere six times ) . In 1967 , the awards were cancelled as a result of the Black Mist Scandal . In 1975 , the awards were revived , and have continued until the present day . The annual award ceremony is held in a variety of places in Tokyo every February . Although the award is not acclaimed highly on an international level , the Blue Ribbon Awards have become one of the most prestigious national cinema awards in Japan , along with the Kinema Junpo Awards ( キネマ旬報賞 , Kinema Junpō Shō ) and the Mainichi Film Concours ( 毎日映画コンクール , Mainichi Eiga Konkūru ) . Winning one of these awards is considered to be a great honour . In addition , the winning films themselves have a tendency to receive high distinctions in other film festivals around the world . Recent acclaimed nominations include films like Nobody Knows ( 2004 ) , Tasogare Seibei ( 2002 ) , Spirited Away ( 2001 ) , and Battle Royale ( 2001 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds_(1876–80)", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds , also known as the Cincinnati Red Stockings , were a professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio that played from 1875-1879 . The club predated the National League of which it became a charter member ."}
{"title": "/wiki/25th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 25th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 23 , 1983 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Album of the Year went to Toto for Toto IV , and Song of the Year went to Johnny Christopher , Mark James and Wayne Carson for Always on My Mind ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Airbus_A380", "text": "The Airbus A380 is the world 's largest passenger airliner , a wide-body aircraft manufactured by Airbus . Airbus studies started in 1988 and the project was announced in 1990 to challenge the dominance of the Boeing 747 in the long haul market . The A3XX project was presented in 1994 ; Airbus launched the €9.5 billion ( $ 10.7 billion ) A380 programme on 19 December 2000 . The first prototype was unveiled in Toulouse on 18 January 2005 , with its first flight on 27 April 2005 . Difficulties in electrical wiring caused a two-year delay and the development cost ballooned to €18 billion . It obtained its EASA and FAA type certificates on 12 December 2006 . It was first delivered to Singapore Airlines on 15 October 2007 and entered service on 25 October . Production peaked at 30 per year in 2012 and 2014 . However , Airbus concedes that its $ 25 billion investment for the aircraft can not be recouped . On 14 February 2019 , after Emirates reduced its last orders in favour of the A350 and the A330neo , Airbus announced that A380 production would end by 2021 . The full-length double-deck aircraft has a typical seating capacity of 525 , though it is certified for up to 853 passengers . It is powered by four Engine Alliance GP7200 or Rolls-Royce Trent 900 turbofans providing a range of 8,000 nmi ( 14,800 km ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Goorjian", "text": "Michael Antranig Goorjian ( born February 4 , 1971 ) is an American actor , filmmaker , and writer . Goorjian won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Special for his role as David Goodson in the television film David 's Mother ( 1994 ) . He is also known for his role as Justin , Neve Campbells love interest on the Golden Globe-winning series Party of Five ( 1994-2000 ) , as well as Heroin Bob in the film SLC Punk ! ( 1998 ) and its sequel , Punk 's Dead ( 2016 ) . As a director , Goorjian achieved recognition for his first major independent film , Illusion ( 2004 ) , which he wrote , directed and starred in alongside Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maharajganj,_Siwan", "text": "Maharajganj City Council ( Maharajganj Nagar Panchayat ) is a Nagar Panchayat ( City council ) located in Siwan district of the Indian state of Bihar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Maryland_College", "text": "McDaniel College is a private liberal arts college in Westminster , Maryland . Established in 1867 , it was known as Western Maryland College until 2002 when it was renamed McDaniel College in honor of an alumnus who gave a lifetime of service to the college . The college also has a satellite campus , McDaniel College Budapest , in Budapest , Hungary . McDaniel College is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . The college owns and manages a shopping center and residential properties through its for-profit arm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greenland", "text": "Greenland ( Greenlandic : Kalaallit Nunaat , pronounced [ kalaːɬit nunaːt ] ; Danish : Grønland , pronounced [ ˈkʁɶnˌlænˀ ] ) is the world 's largest island , [ d ] located between the Arctic and Atlantic oceans , east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago . It is an autonomous territory within the Kingdom of Denmark . Though physiographically a part of the continent of North America , Greenland has been politically and culturally associated with Europe ( specifically Norway and Denmark , the colonial powers , as well as the nearby island of Iceland ) for more than a millennium . The majority of its residents are Inuit , whose ancestors migrated from Alaska through Northern Canada , gradually settling across the island by the 13th century . Nowadays , the population is largely concentrated on the southwest coast , while the rest of the island is sparsely populated . Greenland is divided into five municipalities - Sermersooq , Kujalleq , Qeqertalik , Qeqqata , and Avannaata . It has two unincorporated areas - the Northeast Greenland National Park and the Thule Air Base . The last one , even if under Danish control , is administered by the United States Air Force . Three-quarters of Greenland is covered by the only permanent ice sheet outside Antarctica . With a population of about 56,480 ( 2013 ) , it is the least densely populated territory in the world . About a third of the population lives in Nuuk , the capital and largest city . The Arctic Umiaq Line ferry acts as a lifeline for western Greenland , connecting the various cities and settlements ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kabul_River", "text": "The Kabul River ( Pashto : د کابل سیند ; Persian : دریای کابل ) , the classical Cophes /ˈkoʊfiːz/ , is a 700-kilometre ( 430 mi ) long river that emerges in Maidan Wardak Province in the Sanglakh Range of the Hindu Kush mountains in Afghanistan , and is separated from the watershed of the Helmand River by the Unai Pass . The Kabul River empties into the Indus River near Attock , Pakistan . It is the main river in eastern Afghanistan and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBC_Sports", "text": "NBC Sports is an American programming division of the broadcast network NBC , owned and operated by NBC Sports Group division of NBCUniversal and subsidiary of Comcast , that is responsible for sports broadcasts on the network , and its dedicated national sports cable channels . Formerly operating as a service of NBC News , it broadcasts a diverse array of sports events , including the French Open , the IndyCar Series , NASCAR , the NFL , the NHL , Notre Dame football , Olympic Games , the PGA Tour , the Premier League , the Tour de France and the Triple Crown , among others . Other programming from outside producers - such as coverage of the Ironman Triathlon - is also presented on the network through NBC Sports . With Comcast 's acquisition of NBCUniversal in 2011 , its own cable sports networks were aligned with NBC Sports into a part of the division known as the NBC Sports Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pope_Clement_VI", "text": "Pope Clement VI ( Latin : Clemens VI ; 1291 - 6 December 1352 ) , born Pierre Roger , was Pope from 7 May 1342 to his death in 1352 . He was the fourth Avignon pope . Clement reigned during the first visitation of the Black Death ( 1348-1350 ) , during which he granted remission of sins to all who died of the plague . Roger steadfastly resisted temporal encroachments on the Church 's ecclesiastical jurisdiction and , as Clement VI , entrenched French dominance of the Church and opened its coffers to enhance the regal splendour of the Papacy . He recruited composers and music theorists for his court , including figures associated with the then-innovative Ars Nova style of France and the Low Countries . His nepotism was ultimately reflected in the 44 statues of relatives which surrounded his sarcophagus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hadhramaut_Governorate", "text": "Hadhramaut or Hadramawt or Hadramout ( Arabic : حضرموت Ḥaḍramawt ) is a governorate of Yemen . Lying within the large historical region of Hadhramaut , it is the country 's largest governorate . The capital of Hadhramut is the city of Mukalla . Other cities in Hadhramaut include the historical towns of Shibam , Sena , Seiyun , Tarim , and Ash Shihr . It was badly hit by rainfall during the 2008 Yemen floods , which left thousands homeless and many buildings shattered . The Socotra archipelago was transferred from the Adan Governorate to the Hadhramaut Governorate in 2004 . It was subsequently separated to form the newly created Soqatra Governorate in December 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chenderoh_Dam", "text": "The power station is a hydroelectric power station , using 4 turbines of 10.7 MW and one of 8.4 MW , totaling 40.5 MW installed capacity . The station is operated by Tenaga Nasional ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarawak_state_election,_2011", "text": "The tenth Sarawak state election was held on Saturday , 16 April 2011 after nomination for candidates on Wednesday , 6 April 2011 . The purpose of the election was to elect 71 representatives to the Sarawak State Assembly . The ninth state assembly was dissolved by Yang di-Pertua Negeri Sarawak , Tun Abang Muhammad Salahuddin Abang Barieng on the advice of Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud on 21 March 2011 . The previous state election in Sarawak was held in 2006 . The election resulted in Barisan Nasional ( BN ) retaining its two-thirds majority , albeit by a reduced margin . BN lost eight seats , mainly through the Sarawak United People 's Party ( SUPP ) . SUPP leader and deputy chief minister George Chan Hong Nam lost his seat . The opposition Pakatan Rakyat made gains , but fell short of its goal to deny a two-thirds majority for BN . The party with the single biggest gain on the day was the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) , which doubled its seats to 12 . Taib , who had served as Chief Minister for 30 years , was sworn in for his eighth term on the same night . Wong Ho Leng was reappointed as opposition leader after his party ( DAP ) won the most seats for the opposition bench . Before this , Baru Bian was being nominated as chief minister-in-waiting by Pakatan Rakyat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukraine", "text": "Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Україна , romanized : Ukrayina , pronounced [ ʊkrɐˈjinɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Eastern Europe . It is bordered by Russia to the north-east ; Belarus to the north ; Poland , Slovakia and Hungary to the west ; and Romania , Moldova , and the Black Sea to the south . Ukraine is currently in a territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula , which Russia annexed in 2014 . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603,628 km2 ( 233,062 sq mi ) , making it both the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world . Its capital and largest city is Kiev . Ukrainian is the official language and its alphabet is Cyrillic . The dominant religion in the country is Eastern Orthodoxy . The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC . During the Middle Ages , the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture , with the powerful state of Kievan Rus ' forming the basis of Ukrainian identity . Following its fragmentation in the 13th century , the territory was contested , ruled and divided by a variety of powers , including the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Russia . A Cossack republic emerged and prospered during the 17th and 18th centuries , but its territory was eventually split between Poland and the Russian Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jurong_FC", "text": "Jurong Football Club was a professional football club , based in the Jurong area of Singapore . The club played in Singapore 's S.League from 1997 to 2003 . The team 's best league finishes in this period were fifth place in both 1998 and 2001 . The club was founded in 1975 , and prior to 1997 was known as Jurong Town Football Club . The team won Singapore 's President 's Cup ( now known as the Singapore Cup ) in 1988 and 1989 , and were runners-up in the Singapore Cup in 1999 and 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vyjayanthimala", "text": "Vyjayanthimala ( born 13 August 1936 ) is an Indian film actress , Bharathanatyam dancer , Carnatic singer , dance choreographer and parliamentarian . She was the highest paid actress of her time . Regarded as the first female superstar of Indian cinema , She made her debut in the Tamil language film Vaazhkai in 1949 and in the Telugu film Jeevitham in 1950 . She later became one of the most prominent actresses of South Indian cinema and in the golden era of Bollywood and was known as one of the iconic leading actresses of all time.Vyjayanthimala was one of the biggest Bollywood stars with a career lasting almost two decades . She was the first star to completely change the standard and style of dancing in Indian cinema . It was because of her that Indian film actresses later on were expected to know classical dance . She was the first South Indian actress to become a Bollywood star and paved a way for other south Indian actresses to foray into Bollywood . Vyjayanthimala is an accomplished dancer and was one of those who introduced semi-classical dance to Bollywood . Her subsequent dance numbers in her films had earned her the title of twinkle toes . Vyjayanthimala made her screen debut at the age of 13 through the Tamil film Vaazhkai ( 1949 ) and Telugu film Jeevitham in 1950 and acted in Bollywood movies Bahar and Ladki . Following the success of Nagin , Vyjayanthimala established herself as one of Bollywood 's leading actresses while making inroads in successful Tamil and Telugu films . After successfully establishing herself as a commercial actress , Vyjayanthimala appeared in Devdas , playing Chandramukhi , the hooker with a heart of gold , in 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princess_Mononoke", "text": "Princess Mononoke ( Japanese : もののけ姫 , Hepburn : Mononoke-hime , Spirit/Monster Princess ) is a 1997 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki , animated by Studio Ghibli for Tokuma Shoten , Nippon Television Network and Dentsu , and distributed by Toho . The film stars the voices of Yōji Matsuda , Yuriko Ishida , Yūko Tanaka , Kaoru Kobayashi , Masahiko Nishimura , Tsunehiko Kamijo , Akihiro Miwa , Mitsuko Mori and Hisaya Morishige . Princess Mononoke is set in the late Muromachi period ( approximately 1336 to 1573 ) of Japan with fantasy elements . The story follows the young Emishi prince Ashitaka 's involvement in a struggle between the gods of a forest and the humans who consume its resources . The term Mononoke ( 物の怪 ) or もののけ is not a name , but a Japanese word for a spirit or monster : supernatural , shape-shifting beings . The film was released in Japan on July 12 , 1997 , and in the United States on October 29 , 1999 . It was a critical and commercial blockbuster , becoming the highest-grossing film in Japan of 1997 , and also held Japan 's box office record for domestic films until 2001 's Spirited Away , another Miyazaki film . It was dubbed into English and distributed in North America by Miramax , and despite a poor box office performance there , it sold well on DVD and video , greatly increasing Ghibli 's popularity and influence outside Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Manitoba", "text": "The University of Manitoba ( U of M , UManitoba , or UM ) is a public research university in the province of Manitoba , Canada . Its main campus is located in the Fort Garry neighbourhood of southern Winnipeg with other campuses throughout the city . Founded in 1877 , it is the first university of western Canada . The university maintains a reputation as a top research-intensive post-secondary educational institution and conducts more research annually than any other university in the region . The U of M is the largest university both by total student enrollment and campus area in the province of Manitoba , and the 17th-largest in all of Canada . The campus boasts dozens of faculties and hundreds of degree programs . The U of M is a member of the U15 and of Universities Canada , while its global affiliations include the International Association of Universities and the Association of Commonwealth Universities . Its increased global outreach has resulted in one of the most internationally diverse student bodies in Canada , while its competitive academic and research programs have consistently ranked among the top in the Canadian Prairies . The Manitoba Bisons represent the team in athletics as a member of U Sports and Canada West Universities Athletic Association ( CWUAA ) . University of Manitoba alumni include Nobel Prize recipients , Academy Award winners , Order of Merit recipients , and Olympic medalists , among many others . As of 2019 [ update ] , there have been 99 Rhodes Scholarship recipients from the University of Manitoba , more than that of any other university in western Canada . Likewise , the university has produced countless government figures , including provincial premiers , Supreme Court justices , and Members of Parliament ( MPs ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barefoot_in_the_Park_(TV_series)", "text": "Barefoot in the Park is an American sitcom that aired in 1970 on ABC . Based on the Neil Simon 's Broadway play of the same name , the series cast members are predominantly black , making it the first American television sitcom since Amos ' n ' Andy to have a predominantly black cast ( Vito Scotti is the sole major white character ) . Barefoot in the Park had been a 1967 film starring Robert Redford and Jane Fonda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norway_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Norway national under-19 football team , controlled by the Football Association of Norway , is the national football team of Norway for players of 19 years of age or under at the start of a UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship campaign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethan_Wragge", "text": "Ethan Donald Wragge ( born October 1 , 1990 ) is an American basketball player who last played for the Gießen 46ers of Germany 's Basketball Bundesliga . Wragge played college basketball at Creighton University . Wragge , a 6 ' 7 small forward from Eden Prairie , Minnesota , played for Creighton from 2009 to 2014 . For most of his time there he played with All-American Doug McDermott . As a senior , Wragge was one of the top three-point shooters in the NCAA , finishing the season at 47% from three , good for fifth in the country . Following his graduation from Creighton , Wragge went undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft . He signed with Bilbao Basket in Spain 's top league . After spending one season with them , he signed with the Giessen 46ers in Germany 's Basketball Bundesliga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Sansaridou", "text": "Maria Sansaridou ( Greek : Μαρία Σανσαρίδου , born March 31 , 1977 , Thessaloniki ) is a retired Greek rhythmic gymnast . She competed for Greece in the rhythmic gymnastics all-around competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona . She was 10th in the qualification round and advanced to the final , placing 11th overall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Gazette", "text": "La Gazette ( French pronunciation : ​ [ la ɡazɛt ] ) , originally Gazette de France , was the first weekly magazine published in France . It was founded by Théophraste Renaudot and published its first edition on 30 May 1631 . It progressively became the mouthpiece of one royalist faction , the Legitimists . With the rise of modern news media and specialized and localized newspapers throughout the country in the early 20th century , La Gazette was finally discontinued in 1915 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tours_VB", "text": "Tours VB is a French volleyball club which is playing their home matches at the Salle Robert Grenon in Tours . Tours VB plays in Pro A , top volleyball league in France . The team also participates in the Men 's CEV Champions League 2010-11 . Tours is ranked 16th ( as of October 2019 ) in the Men 's European clubs ranking ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northeast-10_Conference", "text": "The Northeast-10 Conference is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) s Division II level . Member institutions are located in the northeastern United States in the states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York , and Vermont . It is the only Division II collegiate hockey conference in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2012 Summer Olympics , formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad and commonly known as London 2012 , was an international multi-sport event that was held from 27 July to 12 August 2012 in London , United Kingdom . The first event , the group stage in women 's football , began on 25 July at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , followed by the opening ceremony on 27 July . 10,768 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) participated . Following a bid headed by former Olympic champion Sebastian Coe and then-Mayor of London Ken Livingstone , London was selected as the host city on 6 July 2005 during the 117th IOC Session in Singapore , defeating bids from Moscow , New York City , Madrid , and Paris . London became the first city to host the modern Olympics three times , having previously hosted the Summer Games in 1908 and in 1948 . Construction for the Games involved considerable redevelopment , with an emphasis on sustainability . The main focus was a new 200-hectare ( 490-acre ) Olympic Park , constructed on a former industrial site at Stratford , East London . The Games also made use of venues that already existed before the bid . The Games received general praise for their organisation , with the volunteers , the British military and public enthusiasm praised particularly highly . The opening ceremony , directed by Danny Boyle , received widespread acclaim throughout the world , particular praise from the British public and a minority of widely ranging criticisms from some social media sites . During the Games , Michael Phelps became the most decorated Olympic athlete of all time , winning his 22nd medal . Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and Brunei entered female athletes for the first time , so that every currently eligible country has sent a female competitor to at least one Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boonville,_Missouri", "text": "Boonville is a city in Cooper County , Missouri , United States . The population was 8,319 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Cooper County . The city was the site of a skirmish early in the Civil War , on July 17 , 1861 . Union forces defeated a small and poorly equipped force of the Missouri State Guard in the first Battle of Boonville . It is part of the Columbia , Missouri metropolitan area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caddyshack", "text": "Caddyshack is a 1980 American sports comedy film directed by Harold Ramis , written by Brian Doyle-Murray , Ramis , and Douglas Kenney , and starring Chevy Chase , Rodney Dangerfield , Ted Knight , Michael O'Keefe , and Bill Murray . Doyle-Murray also has a supporting role . Caddyshack was Ramis 's directorial debut and boosted the career of Dangerfield , who was previously known mostly for his stand-up comedy . Grossing nearly $ 40 million at the domestic box office ( the 17th-highest of the year ) , it was the first of a series of similar comedies . A sequel , Caddyshack II ( 1988 ) , followed , although only Chase reprised his role and the film was poorly received . The film has a cult following and was described by ESPN as perhaps the funniest sports movie ever made ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenneth_McKenzie_(Manitoba_politician)", "text": "Kenneth McKenzie ( January 5 , 1822 - April 5 , 1911 ) was a Scottish-born rancher and political figure in Manitoba . He represented Portage la Prairie from 1874 to 1878 , Burnside from 1878 to 1879 and Lakeside from 1886 to 1892 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal . He was born in Inverness-shire , the son of John McKenzie , and was educated in Ross-shire and at Dunfermline Academy . McKenzie came to Puslinch township , Ontario as a young man and married Jane Condy in 1844 . He came to the Red River Colony around 1867 and settled near Portage la Prairie in 1869 . McKenzie represented St. Mary 's in Riel 's Convention of Forty in 1870 . With Walter Lynch , he is credited with bringing the first registered shorthorn cattle into the province . McKenzie was president of the Provincial Agricultural and Arts Society of Manitoba and of the Marquette Agricultural Society . He was also the first postmaster at Burnside . He helped form the Portage Mutual Insurance Company and served as its first president . His son James also served in the Manitoba assembly and his daughter Jean married James Daniel Gillies . McKenzie was named to the Manitoba Agricultural Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murphy_Brown", "text": "Murphy Brown is an American sitcom created by Diane English that premiered on November 14 , 1988 , on CBS . The series stars Candice Bergen as the eponymous Murphy Brown , a famous investigative journalist and news anchor for FYI , a fictional CBS television newsmagazine , and later for Murphy in the Morning , a cable morning news show . The series originally ran until May 18 , 1998 , after airing a total of 247 episodes over ten seasons . In January 2018 , it was announced that CBS ordered a 13-episode revival of Murphy Brown , which premiered on September 27 , 2018 . CBS canceled the revival series after a single season on May 10 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samba_(ballroom_dance)", "text": "The international ballroom version of samba is a lively , rhythmical dance with elements from Brazilian samba . It differs considerably from the original samba styles of Brazil ; in particular , it differs from Samba de Gafieira , a partner type of Samba in that country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Olympics_in_Mexico", "text": "The Olympics in Mexico ( Spanish : Olimpiada en México ) is a 1969 Mexican documentary film directed by Alberto Isaac . It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature . [ dead link ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Anatolian_Eagles_(film)", "text": "Anadolu Kartalları ( Anatolian Eagle ) is a Turkish film directed by Ömer Vargi and released in 2011 . It is produced by the production company Fida Film , and stars Engin Altan Düzyatan , Özge Özpirinçci and Çağatay Ulusoy . The film , commissioned for the centenary of the Turkish Air Force , was filmed in collaboration with the Turkish Air Force in the air base in Konya . Some aerial scenes were notably performed by Türk Yıldızları and Solo Türk , the aerobatic team of the Turkish Air Force . The film is the sixth-biggest hit of 2011 Turkish box office , with a total of 1,179,190 entries and grossing 10,217,302 Turkish liras ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthew_Bode", "text": "Matthew Bode ( born 29 June 1979 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Port Adelaide Football Club and the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . Recruited from Glenelg Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) , Bode made his AFL debut in 1998 with Port Adelaide Football Club , playing as a small forward before moving to the Adelaide Football Club in 2001 . Bode played just one game that year due to injury before having what was easily his best season in 2002 , which saw him kick 22 goals and play all 25 games . He followed this with another solid year in 2003 . Bode had an injury-affected season in 2004 , while in 2005 AFL season he had shoulder surgery which sidelined him after Round 2 . In 2006 he found a niche in the side as Adelaide 's main small forward at the start of the premiership season , kicking 9 goals in the first 5 rounds . Bode played 23 games for the year , scoring a total of 32 goals . In 2007 , Bode managed just one game , against the Western Bulldogs in Round 2 . In this match , he suffered a knee injury that forced him to miss the rest of the season . He was delisted at the end of the season . Bode returned to play for Glenelg in the 2008 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Lucy_Show", "text": "The Lucy Show is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from 1962 to 1968 . It was Lucille Ball 's follow-up to I Love Lucy . A significant change in cast and premise for the fourth season ( 1965-1966 ) divides the program into two distinct eras ; aside from Ball , only Gale Gordon , who joined the program for its second season , remained . For the first three seasons , Vivian Vance was the co-star . The earliest scripts were entitled The Lucille Ball Show , but when this title was rejected by CBS , producers thought of calling the show This Is Lucy or The New Adventures of Lucy , before deciding on the title The Lucy Show . Ball won consecutive Emmy Awards as Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for the series ' final two seasons , 1966-67 and 1967-68 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nickelodeon_(Australia)", "text": "Nickelodeon is an Australian children 's television channel operated by a joint venture of Foxtel Networks and ViacomCBS Networks UK & Australia . Being a version of the namesake television channel in the United States , the channel broadcasts Nickelodeon 's original series , as well as shows from third-party companies . The Australian version also offers a timeshift schedule to viewers in New Zealand since 1 December 2010 ; the New Zealand-specific version of Nickelodeon ceased broadcasting a day before ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Władysław_Żmuda", "text": "Władysław Antoni Żmuda ( Polish pronunciation : [ vwaˈdɨswav ˈʐmuda ] ; [ a ] born 6 June 1954 ) is a Polish former professional footballer , who played as a defender for Śląsk Wrocław , Widzew Łódź , Hellas Verona , New York Cosmos and US Cremonese . He earned 91 caps for the Poland national team and is a four-time FIFA World Cup participant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hot_Pockets", "text": "Hot Pockets is an American brand of microwaveable turnovers generally containing one or more types of cheese , meat , or vegetables . Hot Pockets was founded by the Chef America Inc. company . Since April 20 , 2002 , they have been produced by Nestlé ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freetime_(album)", "text": "Freetime is the fifth album by Spyro Gyra , released in 1981 . At Billboard magazine , the album reached No . 41 on the Top 200 albums chart and No . 1 on that magazine 's Jazz Albums chart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Chicago_White_Sox_season", "text": "The 2013 Chicago White Sox season was the club 's 114th season in Chicago and 113th in the American League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Igor_Cassina", "text": "Igor Cassina ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈiɡor kasˈsina ] ; born August 15 , 1977 in Seregno , at the time Province of Milan ) is an Italian gymnast who won gold in the men 's horizontal bar at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahad", "text": "Mahad pronunciation ( help·info ) is a city in Raigad district ( formerly Kulaba district ) situated in the North Konkan region of Maharashtra state , India . It is located 108.5km from District 's Headquarter Alibag , and 167km from Mumbai state capital of Maharashtra and Economic capital of India , towards Western Coast . The city is well-known historically due to its Raigad fort Capital of Maratha Empire in Shivaji Maharaj 's Era and Revolutionary Mahad Satyagraha launched by Dr.Babasaheb Ambedkar at Chavdar Tale in the wake of Modern India.Also the pale caves which are one of pandava era"}
{"title": "/wiki/Hammersmith_North_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Hammersmith North was a borough constituency in the Metropolitan Borough of Hammersmith in West London . It returned one Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , elected by the first past the post system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Park_square_mall", "text": "International Tech Park commonly called ITPL and ITPB is a tech park located in Whitefield , Bangalore , 18 km from the city centre . It is managed by Ascendas . It includes the 450,000 square foot Park Square Mall , several sporting arenas and the Vivanta by Taj hotel . It is the oldest tech park of Bengaluru and is located in Whitefield cluster . It was created as a result of a joint venture between India and Singapore in January 1994 . It is a large facility , comprising 10 buildings - Discoverer , Innovator , Creator , Explorer , Inventor , Navigator , Voyager , Aviator , Pioneer Maadar and Victor . This park provides campus facilities for multi national giants like IPsoft , General Motors , Société Générale , Mu Sigma , Xerox , Conduent , AT & T , Soais , Sharp , Scientific Games , Medtronic , iGATE , IBM , GE , Airtel , Vodafone , Moving Picture Company , TCS , Startek , Gyansys Infotech , Technicolor , Atos , Unisys , Delphi , Huawei , Oracle , Perot Systems , Applied Materials , GalaxE Solutions , First American ( India ) and other medium and small sized companies . Outside ITPB , numerous companies have come up like Dell , Tesco , Shell , Aviva , GM , Schneider Electric , Sapient , Goodrich / UTC aerospace and DaimlerChrysler , Symphony Teleca Corp and Tangoe are also located in Whitefield ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glasgow", "text": "Glasgow ( /ˈɡlæzɡoʊ/ , also UK : /ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ , ˈɡlɑːsɡoʊ/ , US : /ˈɡlæsɡoʊ , ˈɡlæskoʊ/ ; Scots : Glesga [ ˈɡlezɡə ] ; Scottish Gaelic : Glaschu [ ˈkl̪ˠas̪əxu ] ) is the most populous city in Scotland , and the third most populous city in the United Kingdom , as of the 2017 estimated city population of 621,020 . Historically part of Lanarkshire , the city now forms the Glasgow City council area , one of the 32 council areas of Scotland ; the local authority is Glasgow City Council . Glasgow is situated on the River Clyde in the country 's West Central Lowlands . It is the fifth most visited city in the UK . Inhabitants of the city are referred to as Glaswegians or , informally , as Weegies . Glasgow is also known for the Glasgow patter , a distinct dialect of the Scots language that is noted for being difficult to understand by those from outside the city . Glasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the River Clyde to become the largest seaport in Scotland , and tenth largest by tonnage in Britain . Expanding from the medieval bishopric and royal burgh , and the later establishment of the University of Glasgow in the fifteenth century , it became a major centre of the Scottish Enlightenment in the eighteenth century . From the eighteenth century onwards , the city also grew as one of Great Britain 's main hubs of transatlantic trade with North America and the West Indies . With the onset of the Industrial Revolution , the population and economy of Glasgow and the surrounding region expanded rapidly to become one of the world 's pre-eminent centres of chemicals , textiles and engineering ; most notably in the shipbuilding and marine engineering industry , which produced many innovative and famous vessels . Glasgow was the Second City of the British Empire for much of the Victorian era and Edwardian period , although many cities argue the title was theirs . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Glasgow 's population grew rapidly , reaching a peak of 1,127,825 people in 1938 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shanti_Dope", "text": "Sean Patrick Ramos ( born April 15 , 2001 ) , known professionally as Shanti Dope , is a Filipino rapper and songwriter . He is known for his songs Nadarang , Shantidope , MAU , and Amatz . Shanti Dope started writing verses in 2013 following the footsteps of local rappers who use songwriting as a way to tell stories . Influenced by the idea of storytelling through rap , his first long verse got him into rapper Smugglaz ' 2015 album Walking Distance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Neuchâtel", "text": "The Republic and Canton of Neuchâtel ( French : la République et Canton de Neuchâtel , IPA : [ kɑ̃tɔ̃ də nøʃɑtɛl ] ) is a French-speaking canton in western Switzerland . In 2007 , its population was 169,782 , of whom 39,654 ( or 23.4% ) were foreigners . The capital is Neuchâtel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carriers_(film)", "text": "Carriers is a 2009 American post-apocalyptic body horror film written and directed by Àlex and David Pastor . It stars Lou Taylor Pucci , Chris Pine , Piper Perabo , and Emily VanCamp as four survivors of a viral pandemic attempting to avoid the looming threat of becoming infected . Filmed in 2006 , it received a limited release in the United States on September 4 , 2009 , following Pine 's breakout performance in Star Trek earlier that year . It grossed over $ 5.8 million worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Gunn", "text": "Timothy MacKenzie Gunn ( born July 29 , 1953 ) is an American fashion consultant , television personality , actor , voice actor and author . He served on the faculty of Parsons The New School for Design from 1982 to 2007 and was chair of fashion design at the school from August 2000 to March 2007 , after which he joined Liz Claiborne as its chief creative officer . Over 16 seasons Gunn has become well known as the on-air mentor to designers on the reality television program Project Runway . Gunn 's popularity on Project Runway led to two spin-off shows , Bravo 's Tim Gunn 's Guide to Style and Lifetime 's Under the Gunn , as well as five books . In addition to being an executive producer , Gunn has served as mentor for the teen designers on Project Runway : Junior . He also provides the voice of Baileywick , the castle steward in the Disney Junior television show Sofia the First and narrated the sitcom Mixology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toft,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Toft is a small village in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated approximately 2 miles ( 3 km ) south-west from Bourne on the A6121 . Toft is part of the civil parish of Toft with Lound and Manthorpe . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 333 . The village gave its name to the Toft Tunnel on the former Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway ( closed in 1959 ) , which ran about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) to the north . This was the only tunnel on that railway , which ran for the most part over the Fens . The tunnel is actually in Lound , though still in the parish . It is now managed as a nature reserve Toft Hotel Golf Course is on the southern edge of the village . The East Glen river flows through the village , also to the south . The north of the parish includes the Deserted medieval village of Bowthorpe , now a single farm , which gives its name to the Bowthorpe Oak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nigel_Winterburn", "text": "Nigel Winterburn ( born 11 December 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer and current pundit for BT Sport , who played primarily as a left back from 1981 to 2003 . He is best known for his role alongside the likes of Tony Adams , Steve Bould , Martin Keown and Lee Dixon , forming a celebrated defensive line for Arsenal in the Premier League and European football during the 1990s . He also played in the Premier League for West Ham United and in the Football League for Wimbledon . He also earned two caps for England between 1989 and 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_West_Florida", "text": "The University of West Florida ( West Florida or UWF ) is a public university in Pensacola , Florida . Established in 1963 as a member institution of the State University System of Florida , the University of West Florida is a comprehensive research university without faculties of law or medicine , a space-grant institution , and the third largest campus in the State University System , at 1,600 acres ( 6.5 km2 ) . The main campus is a natural preserve that is bordered by two rivers and Escambia Bay . The university 's mascot is an argonaut and its logo is the chambered nautilus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Symphony_Orchestra", "text": "The Detroit Symphony Orchestra ( DSO ) is an American orchestra based in Detroit , Michigan . Its primary performance venue is Orchestra Hall at the Max M. Fisher Music Center in Detroit 's Midtown neighborhood . The orchestra 's current president and chief executive officer is Anne Parsons , since 2004 . The orchestra 's most recent music director , Leonard Slatkin , is its music director laureate . Jader Bignamini is the designated next music director of the orchestra , effective with the 2020-2021 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ye_Olden_Days", "text": "Ye Olden Days is a 1933 animated short film , released as part of the Mickey Mouse film series . It was directed by Burt Gillett and produced by Walt Disney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taba,_Egypt", "text": "Taba ( Arabic : طابا Ṭāba , IPA : [ ˈtˤɑːbɑ ] ) is an Egyptian town near the northern tip of the Gulf of Aqaba . Taba is the location of Egypt 's busiest border crossing with neighbouring Eilat , Israel . Taba is a frequent vacation spot for Egyptians and tourists , especially those from Israel on their way to other destinations in Egypt or as a weekend getaway . It is the northernmost resort of Egypt 's Red Sea Riviera ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Left_Behind_(series)", "text": "Left Behind is a series of 16 best-selling religious novels by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins , dealing with Christian dispensationalist End Times : the pretribulation , premillennial , Christian eschatological interpretation of the Biblical apocalypse . The primary conflict of the series is the members of the Tribulation Force , an underground network of converts , against the NWO-esque organization Global Community and its leader , Nicolae Carpathia , who is also the Antichrist . The series has been adapted into four films to date . The original series of three films are Left Behind : The Movie ( 2000 ) , Left Behind II : Tribulation Force ( 2002 ) , and Left Behind : World at War ( 2005 ) . A reboot starring Nicolas Cage , entitled simply Left Behind , was released in 2014 through Cloud Ten Pictures . The series inspired an audio drama as well as the PC game Left Behind : Eternal Forces ( 2006 ) and its several sequels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1991", "text": "The 26th Biathlon World Championships were held in 1991 for the second time in Lahti , Finland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stingray_Digital_Group_Inc.", "text": "Stingray Group , Inc. ( formerly Stingray Digital and Stingray Digital Group ) is a publicly traded Canadian media and entertainment company based in Montreal , Quebec , with offices in the United States , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , Switzerland , France , Israel , Australia and South Korea . The company broadcasts music and video content on platforms including cable and satellite television , IPTV , Internet , mobile devices and game consoles , and develops customized audio and digital services for retailers , hotels and other commercial clients . In 2018 , the company entered the terrestrial radio market by acquiring Canadian radio station group Newcap Radio for $ 506 million . Newcap 's owner , the family of Harold R. Steele , became Stingray 's largest outside shareholder as a result ."}
{"title": "/wiki/49th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 49th Academy Awards were presented Monday , March 28 , 1977 , at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles , California . The ceremonies were presided over by Richard Pryor , Ellen Burstyn , Jane Fonda , and Warren Beatty . This Academy Awards ceremony is notable for Peter Finch becoming the first posthumous winner of an Oscar for acting , a feat matched only by fellow Australian Heath Ledger 32 years later ; Finch had suffered a fatal heart attack in mid-January . Beatrice Straight set another record by becoming the actor with the shortest performance ever in a film to win an acting Oscar , with only five minutes and two seconds of screen-time in Network . Network , along with All the President 's Men , were the two biggest champs of the ceremony with four Oscars each , but Best Picture and Best Director ultimately went to Rocky . Piper Laurie was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Carrie ( 1976 ) , her first role since her Best Actress-nominated performance in The Hustler ( 1961 ) , thus being nominated for two consecutive roles , fifteen years apart . Network became the second film ( after A Streetcar Named Desire ) to win three acting Oscars , and the last , as of the 90th Academy Awards , to receive five acting nominations . It was also the eleventh of fifteen films ( to date ) to receive nominations in all four acting categories . This year 's Academy Awards is also notable for the first ever female nominee for Best Director , Lina Wertmüller for Seven Beauties . Barbra Streisand received her second Academy Award , composing music for the love theme Evergreen , the first woman to be honored as a composer , and as of the 90th Academy Awards , the only person to win Academy Awards for both acting and songwriting . No honorary awards were given this year . ABC had the Oscars from 1960-70 and had regained them for 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Almería_Airport", "text": "Almería Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Almería ) ( IATA : LEI , ICAO : LEAM ) is located 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) east of Almería city centre , in the province of Almería in south-eastern Spain . It is close to the main tourist centers of the province such as the Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park , El Ejido , Mojácar , Roquetas de Mar or Vera ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Cassidy_(artist)", "text": "John Cassidy ( 1860-1939 ) was an Irish sculptor and painter who worked in Manchester , England , and created many public sculptures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panamá_Province", "text": "Panamá is a province of Panama . It is the location of the national capital Panama City , which also serves as its provincial capital . The governor of the province is Rafael Pino Pinto , appointed by President Varela and sworn in on 4 July 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film)", "text": "The Portrait of a Lady is a 1996 film adaptation of Henry James 's novel The Portrait of a Lady directed by Jane Campion . The film stars Nicole Kidman , Barbara Hershey , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Martin Donovan , Shelley Duvall , Richard E. Grant , Shelley Winters , Viggo Mortensen , Valentina Cervi , Christian Bale , and John Gielgud ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Orleans_Pelicans", "text": "The New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team based in New Orleans . The Pelicans compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Western Conference Southwest Division . The team plays their home games in the Smoothie King Center . The Pelicans were established as the New Orleans Hornets in the 2002-03 season when then-owner of the Charlotte Hornets , George Shinn , relocated the franchise to New Orleans . Due to the damage caused by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , the franchise temporarily relocated to Oklahoma City , where they spent two seasons officially known as the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets . The team returned to New Orleans full-time for the 2007-08 season . On January 24 , 2013 , the franchise announced it would rename itself the Pelicans , effective after the conclusion of the 2012-13 season . The Charlotte Hornets ' name , history , and records from 1988 to 2002 were returned to its original city to be used by the then Charlotte Bobcats franchise , which subsequently became the Charlotte Hornets , starting May 20 , 2014 . In 16 seasons of play since the original franchise relocated from North Carolina , the Louisiana franchise has achieved an overall regular season record of 610-686 , and has qualified for the playoffs seven times . Their achievements include two playoff series victories and one division title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sultan_Ismail_Nasiruddin_Shah_Stadium", "text": "The Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah ) is a multipurpose stadium in Kuala Terengganu , Terengganu , Malaysia . The stadium is named after the fourth Sultan of Terengganu . The stadium holds 15,000 people . It is used mainly for football matches and serves as the home ground of Terengganu FC II , a feeder team of Terengganu FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix", "text": "Jordan Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor that competed from 1991 to 2005 . The team is named after Irish businessman and founder Eddie Jordan . Jordan and his team were well known for an easygoing attitude which added colour and character to Formula One in the 1990s . The team was based at Silverstone , UK but raced with the Irish licence . In early 2005 , the team was sold to Midland Group , who competed for one final season as 'Jordan ' , before renaming the team as MF1 Racing for the 2006 season , before being sold later in 2006 to Dutch car manufacturer Spyker to become Spyker F1 for 2007 , and then sold again to become Force India in 2008 . In 2018 , as a result of the financial collapse of the Force India team , and its subsequent buyout by a consortium led by Lawrence Stroll , the team 's FIA entry was not transferred , and the Jordan Grand Prix 's original entry was finally excluded from the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1992_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's downhill competition of the Albertville 1992 Olympics was held at Meribel on Saturday , 15 February . The defending world champion was Petra Kronberger of Austria , while Switzerland 's Chantal Bournissen was the defending World Cup downhill champion and Germany 's Katja Seizinger led the current season . Kerrin Lee-Gartner of Canada won the gold medal , Hilary Lindh of the United States took the silver , and Veronika Wallinger of Austria was the bronze medalist . Seizinger and Kronberger were close behind and just off the podium , while Bournissen failed to finish . ( Seizinger won the next two editions in 1994 and 1998 . ) The Roc de Fer ( iron rock ) course started at an elevation of 2,260 m ( 7,415 ft ) above sea level with a vertical drop of 828 m ( 2,717 ft ) and a course length of 2.770 km ( 1.72 mi ) . Lee-Gartner 's winning time was 112.55 seconds , yielding an average course speed of 88.601 km/h ( 55.1 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 7.357 m/s ( 24.1 ft/s ) . Lee-Gartner was the first from outside the Alps to win a women 's speed event ( downhill , super-G ) at the Olympics ; through 2018 , she remains the only Canadian to win an Olympic speed event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bodie_Island_Lifesaving_and_Coast_Guard_Station", "text": "The Bodie Island Lifesaving Station , also known as the Bodie Island Coast Guard Station , is located on the Outer Banks of North Carolina at the southern end of Bodie Island , within Cape Hatteras National Seashore . The 10-acre ( 4.0 ha ) district includes a residence , the lifesaving station , the Coast Guard station , and an observation tower , as well as a number of utility buildings . The facility was turned over to the National Park Service in 1953 , with the establishment of the national seashore . The primary structure , the lifesaving station , was built in 1878 , and was converted to a residence when the Coast Guard station was built in 1925 . It was moved to its present location in 1955 , as it was threatened by shoreline erosion . The Coast Guard station was altered the same year to provide housing and office space for the National Park Service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No_Bed_of_Roses", "text": "No Bed of Roses ( Doob as the Bengali version ) is a 2017 Bangladesh-India co-production drama film written and directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki . It was produced by Abdul Aziz , Himanshu Dhanuka and Irrfan Khan under the banner of Jaaz Multimedia and Eskay Movies along with Irrfan Khan Films . It stars Irrfan Khan , Nusrat Imrose Tisha , Rokeya Prachy and Parno Mittra . The story builds up around the members of two families discovering the finer fabric of love when the headman of a family dies . The theme is that death does n't always take things away : Sometimes it gives back . It was selected as the Bangladeshi entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 91st Academy Awards , but it was not nominated ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976_Washington_Redskins_season", "text": "The 1976 Washington Redskins season was the franchises 45th overall and 40th in Washington , D.C . The season began with the team trying to improve on their 8-6 record from 1975 , which they did , finishing 10-4 , second in the NFC East behind the Dallas Cowboys . They would be eliminated from the NFL playoffs by the Minnesota Vikings . This was the first season as a Redskin for Hall of Fame running back John Riggins , signed as a free agent after spending the first five seasons of his career with the New York Jets . This was also the last season in which the Redskins would make the playoffs under Hall of Fame head coach George Allen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balaclava_(clothing)", "text": "A balaclava , also known as a balaclava helmet or Bally ( UK slang ) or ski mask ( US slang ) , is a form of cloth headgear designed to expose only part of the face , usually the eyes and mouth . Depending on style and how it is worn , only the eyes , mouth and nose , or just the front of the face are unprotected . Versions with a full face opening may be rolled into a hat to cover the crown of the head or folded down as a collar around the neck . The name comes from their use at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War , referring to the town near Sevastopol in the Crimea , where British troops there wore knitted headgear to keep warm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penang_FA", "text": "Football Association of Penang ( or simply known as FA Penang ) is a Malaysian association football club based in George Town , Penang that currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League . Unofficially founded in 1920 , officially as Football Association of Penang on 21 October 1921 , the club represents the state of Penang in football tournaments . The team has traditionally worn a blue home kit . They have a long-standing rivalry with Kedah ; the two teams from the northern region of Malaysia being engaged in what has been collectively known as the Northern Region Derby . The state football team play their home matches at the 20,000 capacity City Stadium in George Town . Penang had established itself as a major force in Malaysian football between the 1950s to the 1970s . Domestically , Penang has won a record of 3 Division 1 titles , 4 Malaysia Cup titles , 5 Malaysia FAM League titles , 1 Malaysia FA Cup title and 1 Malaysia Charity Shield . At present , it is one of the 12 teams competing in the Malaysian Premier League and the first club from Malaysia won Asian title Aga Khan Gold Cup unofficial Asian Champions ' Cup 1976"}
{"title": "/wiki/Qixia_District", "text": "Qixia District ( simplified Chinese : 栖霞区 ; traditional Chinese : 棲霞區 ; pinyin : Qīxiá Qū ) is one of 11 districts of Nanjing , the capital of Jiangsu province , China , straddling both sides of the Yangtze River . It has an area of 80 km2 and a population of 400,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulysses_Mercur", "text": "Ulysses Mercur ( August 12 , 1818 - June 6 , 1887 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea", "text": "South Korea ( Korean : 한국/韓國 ; RR : Hanguk or literally 남한/南韓 ; RR : Namhan ) , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국/大韓民國 ; RR : Daehan Minguk ) is a country in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea . The name Korea is derived from Goguryeo , which was one of the great powers in East Asia during its time , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula , Manchuria , parts of the Russian Far East and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Its capital , Seoul , is a major global city and half of South Korea 's over 51 million people live in the Seoul Capital Area , the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world . The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period . Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BC . Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century , Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty ( 918-1392 ) and the Joseon dynasty ( 1392-1897 ) . The succeeding Korean Empire was annexed into the Empire of Japan in 1910 . After World War II , Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S.-administered zones , with the latter becoming the Republic of Korea in August 1948 . In 1950 , a North Korean invasion began the Korean War and after its end in 1953 , the country 's economy began to soar , recording the fastest rise in average GDP per capita in the world between 1980 and 1990 . Authoritarian rule ended in 1987 and the country is now the most advanced democracy with the highest level of press freedom in Asia . South Korea is a member of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , the G20 and the Paris Club . South Korea is a highly developed country and the world 's 12th-largest economy by nominal GDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_200_metres", "text": "The women 's 200 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium from August 24 to 26 . The top four runners in each of the initial seven heats automatically qualified for the second round . The next four fastest runners from across the heats also qualified . Those 32 runners competed in four heats in the second round , with the top three from each heat and the four next fastest overall advancing to the semifinals . In two semifinal heats , only the top four runners from each heat moved on to the final . Leading up to the Olympic final , Jamaica 's Veronica Campbell was considered a pre-race favorite of this event , as she had previously managed to beat her own world leading time in the semifinals . She was also expected to challenge the youngster Allyson Felix , who had quickly become the top medal contender for the Americans . From the blocks , Campbell took a commanding lead with a strong curve and kept her form in the last few strides of the track to hold off a charge from Felix for the Olympic title at 22.05 seconds . Felix closed the race quickly to get the silver medal and set the world junior record . On the outside , Bahamian sprinter Debbie Ferguson was immediately chased by Campbell 's teammate Aleen Bailey , but the places were clearly decided ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Forseth", "text": "Paul Eugene Forseth ( born December 10 , 1946 ) is a Canadian politician , who was a Member of Parliament for British Columbia from 1993 to 2006 . He was first elected as the Member of Parliament for New Westminster - Burnaby in the 1993 federal election , as a member of the Reform Party of Canada , defeating New Democrat Member of Parliament ( MP ) Dawn Black . He won reelection in 1997 as a Reform Party Member , in 2000 as a member of the Canadian Alliance and in 2004 as a member of the Conservative Party , until Black defeated him in the 2006 election . During his 12 years of elected office , he was not part of the government , but served from the 'Opposition Benches ' . In the Reform Party , he was instrumental to sponsor major planks of the Reform Party platform published in the Reform Blue Sheet concerning 'Justice ' and 'Environment ' policy , and led House of Commons debates on those subjects . During his Canadian Alliance tenure , he was part of the 'shadow cabinet ' under Stockwell Day , leader of the Official Opposition . During the Conservative Party term , he was his Partys lead representative on the Government Operations and Estimates Committee , which investigated the administrative record of Privacy Commissioner George Radwanski . Forseth co-chaired the sub-committee which held in-camera investigative hearings . Radwanski was accused of falsifying documents and other administrative excesses by the Auditor General , ( Ottawa Citizen Oct. 01 , 2003 ) After Parliamentary hearings , the G.O.E.Committee tabled a report in the House of Commons . ( 37th PARLIAMENT , 2nd SESSION HANSARD • NUMBER 150 Tuesday , November 4 , 2003 ) As a consequence , the House of Commons declared George Radwanski to be in contempt of Parliament . ( 37th PARLIAMENT , 2nd SESSION HANSARD • NUMBER 152 Thursday , November 6 , 2003 ) That this House find George Radwanski to have been in contempt of this House , and acknowledge receipt of his letter of apology , tabled and read to the House earlier today . Paul Forseth was also among the very few MPs in Parliamentary history to ever have his Private Members Bill , coming from the Opposition side of the House , cooperatively taken over by the government and incorporated into a larger piece Government Legislation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pretty_Boy_Floyd", "text": "Charles Arthur Floyd ( February 3 , 1904 - October 22 , 1934 ) , nicknamed Pretty Boy Floyd , was an American bank robber . He operated in the West and Central states , and his criminal exploits gained widespread press coverage in the 1930s . He was pursued and killed by a group of Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) agents led by Melvin Purvis . Historians have speculated as to which officers were at the event , but accounts document that local officers Robert Pete Pyle and George Curran were present at his fatal shooting and also at his embalming . Floyd has continued to be a familiar figure in American popular culture , sometimes seen as notorious , other times portrayed as a tragic figure , even a victim of the hard times of the Great Depression in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China", "text": "China ( Chinese : 中国 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó ) , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a country in East Asia and is the world 's most populous country , with a population of around 1.428 billion in 2017 . Covering approximately 9,600,000 square kilometers ( 3,700,000 sq mi ) , it is the third largest country by area . [ j ] Governed by the Communist Party of China , the state exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , [ k ] five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau . China emerged as one of the world 's first civilizations , in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain . For millennia , China 's political system was based on hereditary monarchies , or dynasties , beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty in 21st century BCE . Since then , China has expanded , fractured , and re-unified numerous times . In the 3rd century BCE , the Qin reunited core China and established the first Chinese empire . The succeeding Han dynasty , which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE , saw some of the most advanced technology at that time , including papermaking and the compass , along with agricultural and medical improvements . The invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) and Northern Song ( 960-1127 ) completed the Four Great Inventions . Tang culture spread widely in Asia , as the new Silk Route brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa . Dynastic rule ended in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution , when the Republic of China ( ROC ) replaced the Qing dynasty . China , as a whole , was ravaged by feudal warlordism and Japan during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rome", "text": "Rome ( Latin and Italian : Roma [ ˈroːma ] ( listen ) ) is the capital city and a special comune of Italy ( named Comune di Roma Capitale ) . Rome also serves as the capital of the Lazio region . With 2,879,728 residents in 1,285 km2 ( 496.1 sq mi ) , it is also the country 's most populated comune . It is the third most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . It is the centre of the Metropolitan City of Rome , which has a population of 4,355,725 residents , thus making it the second or third most populous metropolitan city in Italy depending on definition . Rome is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of the Tiber . Vatican City ( the smallest country in the world ) is an independent country inside the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city ; for this reason Rome has sometimes been defined as the capital of two states . Rome 's history spans 28 centuries . While Roman mythology dates the founding of Rome at around 753 BC , the site has been inhabited for much longer , making it one of the oldest continuously occupied cities in Europe . The city 's early population originated from a mix of Latins , Etruscans , and Sabines . Eventually , the city successively became the capital of the Roman Kingdom , the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire , and is regarded by many as the first ever Imperial City and metropolis . It was first called The Eternal City ( Latin : Urbs Aeterna ; Italian : La Città Eterna ) by the Roman poet Tibullus in the 1st century BC , and the expression was also taken up by Ovid , Virgil , and Livy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mongol_Empire", "text": "The Mongol Empire existed during the 13th and 14th centuries , and was the largest contiguous land empire in history . Originating in Mongolia , the Mongol Empire eventually stretched from Eastern Europe and parts of Central Europe to the Sea of Japan , extending northward into parts of Siberia ; eastward and southward into the Indian subcontinent , Mainland Southeast Asia and the Iranian Plateau ; and westward as far as the Levant and the Carpathian Mountains . The Mongol Empire emerged from the unification of several nomadic tribes in the Mongol homeland under the leadership of Genghis Khan ( c. 1162-1227 ) , whom a council proclaimed ruler of all the Mongols in 1206 . The empire grew rapidly under his rule and that of his descendants , who sent out invading armies in every direction . The vast transcontinental empire connected the East with the West in an enforced Pax Mongolica , allowing the dissemination and exchange of trade , technologies , commodities and ideologies across Eurasia . The empire began to split due to wars over succession , as the grandchildren of Genghis Khan disputed whether the royal line should follow from his son and initial heir Ögedei or from one of his other sons , such as Tolui , Chagatai , or Jochi . The Toluids prevailed after a bloody purge of Ögedeid and Chagataid factions , but disputes continued among the descendants of Tolui . A key reason for the split was the dispute over whether the Mongol Empire would become a sedentary , cosmopolitan empire , or would stay true to the Mongol nomadic and steppe-based lifestyle . After Möngke Khan died ( 1259 ) , rival kurultai councils simultaneously elected different successors , the brothers Ariq Böke and Kublai Khan , who fought each other in the Toluid Civil War ( 1260-1264 ) and also dealt with challenges from the descendants of other sons of Genghis . Kublai successfully took power , but civil war ensued as he sought unsuccessfully to regain control of the Chagatayid and Ögedeid families . During the reigns of Genghis and Ögedei , the Mongols suffered the occasional defeat when a less skilled general received a command . The Siberian Tumeds defeated the Mongol forces under Borokhula around 1215-1217 ; Jalal al-Din defeated Shigi-Qutugu at the Battle of Parwan in 1221 ; and the Jin generals Heda and Pu ' a defeated Dolqolqu in 1230 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stockholm", "text": "Stockholm ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈstɔ̂kː ( h ) ɔlm ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous urban area of Sweden . 972,647 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.6 million in the urban area , and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area . The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea . Outside the city to the east , and along the coast , is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago . The area has been settled since the Stone Age , in the 6th millennium BC , and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl . It is also the county seat of Stockholm County . Stockholm is the cultural , media , political , and economic centre of Sweden . The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country 's GDP , and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita . It is an important global city , and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region . The city is home to some of Europe 's top ranking universities , such as the Stockholm School of Economics , Karolinska Institute and KTH Royal Institute of Technology . It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall . One of the city 's most prized museums , the Vasa Museum , is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greek_language", "text": "Greek ( Modern Greek : ελληνικά , elliniká ) is an independent branch of the Indo-European family of languages , native to Greece , Cyprus , Albania and other parts of the Eastern Mediterranean and the Black Sea . It has the longest documented history of any living Indo-European language , spanning at least 3,500 years of written records . Its writing system has been the Greek alphabet for the major part of its history ; other systems , such as Linear B and the Cypriot syllabary , were used previously . The alphabet arose from the Phoenician script and was in turn the basis of the Latin , Cyrillic , Armenian , Coptic , Gothic , and many other writing systems . The Greek language holds an important place in the history of the Western world and Christianity ; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes works in the Western canon such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey . Greek is also the language in which many of the foundational texts in science , especially astronomy , mathematics and logic and Western philosophy , such as the Platonic dialogues and the works of Aristotle , are composed ; the New Testament of the Christian Bible was written in Koiné Greek . Together with the Latin texts and traditions of the Roman world , the study of the Greek texts and society of antiquity constitutes the discipline of Classics . During antiquity , Greek was a widely spoken lingua franca in the Mediterranean world , West Asia and many places beyond . It would eventually become the official parlance of the Byzantine Empire and develop into Medieval Greek . In its modern form , Greek is the official language in two countries , Greece and Cyprus , a recognised minority language in seven other countries , and is one of the 24 official languages of the European Union . The language is spoken by at least 13.2 million people today in Greece , Cyprus , Italy , Albania , and Turkey and by the Greek diaspora . Greek roots are often used to coin new words for other languages ; Greek and Latin are the predominant sources of international scientific vocabulary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Okeechobee_station_(Metrorail)", "text": "Okeechobee station is a Metrorail station in Hialeah , Florida . The station is located at the intersection of West 20th Street and Okeechobee Road ( US 27 ) , one block south of the Hialeah Expressway ( SR 934 ) . It opened to passenger service on May 19 , 1985 , and was previously the northwestern terminus of the Metrorail system until Palmetto station opened in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/82nd_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 82nd Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2009 and took place on March 7 , 2010 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . The ceremony was scheduled after its usual late-February date to avoid conflicting with the 2010 Winter Olympics . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and was produced by Bill Mechanic and Adam Shankman and directed by Hamish Hamilton . Actors Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin hosted the show . Martin hosted for the third time ; he first presided over the 73rd ceremony held in 2001 and last hosted the 75th ceremony held in 2003 . Meanwhile , this was Baldwin 's first Oscars hosting stint . This was also the first telecast to have multiple hosts since the 59th ceremony held in 1987 . On June 24 , 2009 , Academy president Sid Ganis announced at a press conference that , in an attempt to revitalize interest surrounding the awards , the 2010 ceremony would feature ten Best Picture nominees instead of five , a practice that was discontinued after the 16th ceremony in 1944 . On February 20 , 2010 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Elizabeth Banks . The Hurt Locker won six awards , including Best Picture and Best Director for Kathryn Bigelow , the first woman to win an Academy Award for Best Director . Other winners were Avatar with three awards , Crazy Heart , Precious : Based on the Novel 'Push ' by Sapphire , and Up , with two awards , and The Cove , Inglourious Basterds , The Blind Side , Logorama , Music by Prudence , The New Tenants , The Secret in Their Eyes , Star Trek , and The Young Victoria with one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent", "text": "Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north-west , Surrey to the west and East Sussex to the south-west . The county also shares borders with Essex along the estuary of the River Thames ( connected by land via High Speed 1 and the Dartford Crossing ) , and with the French department of Pas-de-Calais through the Channel Tunnel . The county town is Maidstone . Kent was among the first British territories conquered and settled by Anglo-Saxons . Canterbury Cathedral in Kent has been the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury , leader of the Church of England , since the Reformation . Prior to that it was built by Catholics , dating back to the conversion of England to Catholicism by Saint Augustine that began in the 6th century . Before the English Reformation the cathedral was part of a Benedictine monastic community known as Christ Church , Canterbury , as well as being the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury . The last Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury was Reginald Pole . Rochester Cathedral is also in Kent , in Medway . It is the second-oldest cathedral in England , with Canterbury Cathedral being the oldest . Between London and the Strait of Dover , which separates it from mainland Europe , Kent has seen both diplomacy and conflict , ranging from the Leeds Castle peace talks of 1978 and 2004 to the Battle of Britain in World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drug_possession", "text": "Drug possession is the crime of having one or more illegal drugs in one 's possession , either for personal use , distribution , sale or otherwise . Illegal drugs fall into different categories and sentences vary depending on the amount , type of drug , circumstances , and jurisdiction . A person has possession of drugs if they have actual physical control of the drugs ( they have the drugs in their hands ) or if the drugs are on that person . A person also has possession of drugs if they have the power and intent to control their disposition and use . In the United States , the penalty for illegal drug possession and sale can vary from a small fine to a prison sentence . In some states , marijuana possession is considered to be a petty offense , with the penalty being comparable to that of a speeding violation . [ disputed - discuss ] Generally , however , drug possession is an arrestable offense , with repercussions including large fines and possible incarceration or probation . In Singapore , 70% of executions are for drug-related offenses , which encompasses drug possession . There is a national drug control law known as the Misuse of Drugs Act used to assess and determine drug trafficking . Drug possession can account for imprisonment , caning and capital punishment , based on the amount of controlled drugs a person possesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelantan_FA", "text": "Kelantan Football Association , also known as The Red Warriors , is a professional association football club based in Kota Bharu , in the Malaysian state of Kelantan . The football team has played in the second tier of Malaysian football , Malaysia Premier League since 2019 . Founded in 1946 , they have a long-standing rivalry with Terengganu , the two east coast teams involved in what is known as the East Coast Derby . Their home is the 22,000-seat Sultan Muhammad IV Stadium . Kelantan 's regular kit colours are red shirt and shorts with a white pattern on the side . The team had their first major success in the 2012 season , when they have won treble which is Malaysia Super League championship , Malaysia FA Cup and Malaysia Cup . Domestically , Kelantan have won the Malaysia Super League Championship on 2 occasions , most recently in the 2012 season , 2 Malaysia Cup titles , 2 Malaysia FA Cup titles , 1 Charity Shield and 1 Malaysia Premier League title . 2012 was their debut playing in the AFC Cup . They played well in the group stage to gain first place . However , the team lost in the quarter final to Erbil SC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada", "text": "Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/InfiLaw_System", "text": "The InfiLaw System is a for-profit consortium of three independent law schools in the United States , consisting of Arizona Summit Law School in Phoenix , Arizona ( which recently lost accreditation by the ABA ) , Florida Coastal School of Law in Jacksonville , Florida , and the ( recently closed ) Charlotte School of Law . It is owned by Sterling Partners , a Chicago-based private equity firm , and is headquartered in Naples , Florida . In November 2016 , the ABA placed Charlotte School of Law on probation for violating ABA admissions standards . The next month , the Department of Education terminated it from the Federal Student Loan program . Charlotte graduates take on a median debt of $ 162,000 . However , only 45.2% of graduates passed the North Carolina bar in July 2016 . And only 26% of graduates from the class of 2015 obtained full-time , long term , bar passage required employment . On August 15 , 2017 , WSOC-TV in Charlotte reported that the Charlotte School of Law Alumni Association had reported that the school was closing immediately . More than 150 students and former students have filed lawsuits against Charlotte School of Law alleging fraud , violations of the North Carolina Deceptive Trade Practices Act , and other claims . The students claim that money ruled , not education . And they left a lot of poor folks holding the bag . Faculty recently laid off by the school are also considering wrongful termination lawsuits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boksburg", "text": "Boksburg is a city on the East Rand of Gauteng province of South Africa . Gold was discovered in Boksburg in 1887 . Boksburg was named after the State Secretary of the South African Republic , W. Eduard Bok . The Main Reef Road linked Boksburg to all the other major mining towns on the Witwatersrand and the Angelo Hotel ( 1887 ) was used as a staging post . Boksburg is part of the City of Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality , that forms the local government of most of the East Rand . The Mining Commissioner Montague White built a large dam which , empty for years , was dubbed White 's Folly until a flash flood in 1889 silenced detractors . The 150,000 square metre dam is now the Boksburg Lake , and is surrounded by lawns , trees , and terraces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003_Minnesota_Golden_Gophers_football_team", "text": "The 2003 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team represented the University of Minnesota in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season . In their seventh year under head coach Glen Mason , the Golden Gophers compiled a 10-3 record and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 503 to 285 . The team made an appearance in the Sun Bowl . The 2003 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team was ranked 17th in the final USA Today/AFCA Coaches poll and 20th in the final Associated Press poll . This was the most recent season in which Minnesota defeated the Wisconsin Badgers and received Paul Bunyan 's Axe until 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duele_el_Corazón", "text": "Duele el Corazón ( English : The Heart Hurts ) is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias featuring vocals from Puerto Rican rapper Wisin . It was released on 18 April 2016 under his new record company Sony Music Latin . The song was produced by Carlos Paucar , co-produced by Juan Carlos Yepez Jr ( JY El De La J ) Francisco Saldaña ( Luny ) . The Peruvian composer Patrick Ingunza wrote the song along with Venezuelan singer Servando Primera and the Ecuadorian American record producer and songwriter Juan Carlos Yepez Jr ( JY El De La J ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fairfield,_Connecticut", "text": "Fairfield is a town in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States . It borders the city of Bridgeport and towns of Trumbull , Easton , Weston , and Westport along the Gold Coast of Connecticut . As of the 2010 census , the town had a population of 59,404 . In September 2014 , Money magazine ranked Fairfield the 44th best place to live in the United States and the best place to live in Connecticut ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1967", "text": "Miss World 1967 , the 17th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 16 November 1967 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , UK . 54 contestants competed for the Miss World . The winner was Madeline Hartog-Bel represented Peru . She was crowned by Miss World 1966 , Reita Faria of India . Bell was a semi-finalist of Miss Universe 1966 represented Peru ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enoch_Lincoln", "text": "Enoch Lincoln ( December 28 , 1788 - October 8 , 1829 ) was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts and from Maine , son of Levi Lincoln Sr. and brother of Levi Lincoln Jr. Born in Worcester , Massachusetts , Lincoln graduated from Harvard College in 1807 . He also served as Governor of Maine from 1827 until his death in October 1829 . He studied law , was admitted to the bar and commenced the practice of his profession in Salem in 1811 . He served as United States district attorney 1815-1818 , and moved to Paris , Maine ( then a district of Massachusetts ) , in 1819 and continued the practice of law . In November 1818 , Lincoln was elected as a Democratic-Republican , representing the Maine district , to the Fifteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Albion K. Parris . He was reelected to the Sixteenth Congress and served from November 4 , 1818 , to March 3 , 1821 . Lincoln was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1819 . A portion of his business and personal papers resides in the manuscript collections of the AAS within the Lincoln Family Papers . Upon the admission of Maine as a state , he was again elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Seventeenth Congress , and reelected as an Adams-Clay Republican to the Eighteenth Congress , and elected as a Pro-Adams candidate to the Nineteenth Congress and served from March 4 , 1821 , until his resignation some time in 1826 . He served as Governor of Maine from 1827 until his death . He won three terms , all with over 90% of the vote . He did not run for a fourth term ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bas_van_Dooren", "text": "Bas van Dooren ( born 25 August 1973 in Oss ) is a Dutch mountain biker . He competed in the Men 's cross-country at the 2000 Summer Olympics , finishing 11th . In 1998 he finished second in the cross-country at the European Mountain Bike Championships . In 2000 he finished second overall of the 2000 UCI Mountain Bike World Cup Van Dooren tested positive for EPO in 2002 from a test two days before the 2002 UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships , where he finished 11th . He bought it in Germany via internet and replied that 'it was a gamble ' . He was suspended for one year and ended his career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Dakota_State_Jackrabbits", "text": "The South Dakota State Jackrabbits are the 19 intercollegiate teams representing South Dakota State University that compete in the U.S. National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I ( for football : Football Championship Subdivision ) . SDSU is currently a member of the Summit League , the Missouri Valley Football Conference , the Big 12 Conference and Varsity Equestrian . The university won numerous conference championships and several national titles including the NCAA College Division national title in men 's basketball in 1963 and the NCAA Division II national title in women 's basketball in 2003 . The Jackrabbit football team qualified for the NCAA Football Championship Series playoffs in 2009 ( losing to Montana I in the first round ) , the school 's second year of FCS post-season eligibility since moving from NCAA Division II to NCAA Division I . The Jackrabbits qualified for the FCS playoffs in 2012 , winning their first game against Ohio Valley Conference champs Eastern Illinois before falling to Missouri Valley Football Conference rival North Dakota State , the eventual national champion . The 2011-2012 season marked the fifth-consecutive trip to the NCAA National Tourney for the Jackrabbit women 's basketball team , capping a season in which the Jackrabbits won the regular-season Summit League title and their fifth consecutive Summit League Tourney title . The Jackrabbit men qualified for its first NCAA Division I National Tourney last season ( 2012-2013 ) following a second-place regular season finish in the Summit League and winning the Summit League Tourney title . The Jackrabbit baseball team qualified for the 2013 NCAA Tourney and traveled to Eugene , OR , losing the first game to eventual regional champ Oregon and then being eliminated by the University of San Francisco in a 13-inning defensive battle . In 2018 , the school had its first Division I championship wrestler with Seth Gross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_Heights,_Ohio", "text": "Cleveland Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States , and an inner-ring suburb of Cleveland . The city 's population was 46,238 at the 2010 census . As of the 2010 census , Cleveland Heights was ranked the 8th largest city by population in the Greater Cleveland metropolitan area and ranked 20th in Ohio . It was founded as a village in 1903 and a city in 1921 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miguel_Martinez_(cyclist)", "text": "Miguel Martinez ( born 17 January 1976 in Fourchambault , Nièvre ) is a French cyclist specializing in competitive cross-country mountain biking . He won the gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia after having finished in third place in the inaugural event at the 1996 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Radisson_Blu", "text": "Radisson Blu is a worldwide upper upscale hotel brand . Its hotels ( known for their stylish design and prime locations ) are found in major cities , key airport gateways and leisure destinations . The tagline of the brand is Feel the difference . This is also reflected in the brand 's focus points : memorable , stylish and purposeful . The Radisson Blu brand is part of Radisson Hotel Group . It is operated by Radisson Hospitality Inc. in the Americas and Asia Pacific ( APAC ) regions , and by Radisson Hospitality AB in Europe , the Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Danny_Gathings", "text": "Danny Gathings ( born December 11 , 1980 ) is an American former professional basketball player . He spent time playing in Finland and Sweden after completing his collegiate career in the United States at High Point University . In 2003-04 , he was the Big South Conference 's player of the year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Land_Girls_(film)", "text": "The Land Girls is a 1998 film directed by David Leland and starring Catherine McCormack , Rachel Weisz , Anna Friel , Steven Mackintosh and Ann Bell . It is based on the book Land Girls by Angela Huth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paintsville,_Kentucky", "text": "Paintsville ( locally /ˈpeɪntsvəl/ ) is a home rule-class city along Paint Creek in Johnson County , Kentucky , in the United States . It is the seat of its county . The population was 3,459 during the 2010 U.S. Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1947_NCAA_Men's_Basketball_All-Americans", "text": "The consensus 1947 College Basketball All-American team , as determined by aggregating the results of three major All-American teams . To earn consensus status , a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams : the Helms Athletic Foundation , Converse , and True Magazine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/De_facto", "text": "In law and government , de facto ( /deɪ ˈfæktoʊ , di -/ day FAK-toh , dee -⁠ ; Latin : de facto [ deː ˈfaktoː ] , in fact ) describes practices that exist in reality , even though they are not officially recognized by laws . It is commonly used to refer to what happens in practice , in contrast with de jure ( by law ) , which refers to things that happen according to law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2006 AFC Cup was the 3rd edition of the AFC Cup . Al-Faisaly from Jordan became the first side to win the competition two years in a row ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iranamadu", "text": "Iranamadu ( Tamil : இரணைமடு - translation Double-bund , Sinhala : ඉරණමඩුව Iranamaduwa ) is a military city in Kilinochchi District , Sri Lanka . It consist a lake that provides water to the paddy fields in the region . Sri Lankan Army claimed in early 2009 that they captured an Air Tiger Airstrip in the area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019–20_Richmond_Spiders_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2019-20 Richmond Spiders men 's basketball team represents the University of Richmond during the 2019-20 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . They are led by 15th-year head coach Chris Mooney and play their home games at the Robins Center as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Six_by_Sondheim", "text": "Six by Sondheim is an HBO television documentary which pays tribute to Broadway composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim . The film was directed and co-produced by James Lapine , based on an idea by Frank Rich and centers on the backstory of six great Sondheim songs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aterciopelados", "text": "Aterciopelados ( English : The Velvet Ones ) , also referred to as Los Aterciopelados on some albums and other promotional materials , are a rock band from Colombia . Led by Andrea Echeverri and Héctor Buitrago , they have been one of the first rock bands from Colombia to gain international notice and they are among the country 's top groups . Their music fuses rock with a variety of Colombian and Latin American musical traditions . Time magazine wrote that Aterciopelados 's true skill lies in its ability to take north-of-the-border musical styles…and breathe new life into them , all while giving them a distinctly Colombian sheen . Additionally , Aterciopelados engages audiences all over the world with their socially conscious message . Honored by the United Nations for their work denouncing violence in Colombia , Aterciopelados speaks out about myriad issues including political injustice , women 's rights , and environmental destruction . The group has also received numerous awards , such as the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Album in 2007 , for Oye ( Nacional Records ) . Their song Bolero Falaz topped a list of the 1000 most important songs of Colombian rock and other songs of theirs such as Maligno , El Estuche , Mujer Gala and Sortilegio ranked high in the list by Canal Viva Colombia . In October 2008 , Aterciopelados released their 7th album , Rio , on Nacional Records . The album received rave reviews from publications like Rolling Stone , the Washington Post , Billboard , and from NPR 's All Things Considered . As Vibe Magazine said , For Aterciopelados , maturity has become a form of liberation . The group toured United States in April 2009 to support Rio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Polyphonic_Spree", "text": "The Polyphonic Spree is an American choral rock band from Dallas , Texas that was formed in 2000 by Tim DeLaughter . The band 's sound relies on a variety of vocal and instrumental color by featuring a choir , flute , trumpet , french horn , trombone , violin , viola , cello , percussion , piano , guitars , bass , drums , electronic keyboards , and EWI ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waterloo,_ON", "text": "Waterloo is a city in Ontario , Canada . It is the smallest of three cities in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo ( and previously in Waterloo County , Ontario ) , and is adjacent to the city of Kitchener . Kitchener and Waterloo are often jointly referred to as Kitchener-Waterloo , KW , or the Twin Cities ( when the reference includes the nearby city of Cambridge , Ontario , the term Tri-Cities or the Tri-City are used ) . While there were several unsuccessful attempts to combine the municipalities of Kitchener and Waterloo , following the 1973 establishment of the Region of Waterloo there was less motivation to do so . At the time of the 2016 census , the population of Waterloo was 104,986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cornerback", "text": "A cornerback ( CB ) is a member of the defensive backfield or secondary in gridiron football . Cornerbacks cover receivers most of the time , but also blitz and defend against such offensive running plays as sweeps and reverses . They create turnovers through hard tackles , interceptions , and deflecting forward passes . Other members of the defensive backfield include strong and free safeties . The cornerback position requires speed , agility , and strength . A cornerback 's skill set typically requires proficiency in anticipating the quarterback , backpedaling , executing single and zone coverage , disrupting pass routes , block shedding , and tackling . Cornerbacks are among the fastest players on the field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winston-Salem_State_University", "text": "Winston-Salem State University ( WSSU ) , a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina , is a historically black public research university located in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , United States . It is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund . WSSU is an accredited university offering baccalaureate and graduate programs to a diverse student population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kunio-kun", "text": "The Kunio-kun ( くにおくん ) series is a video game series started by Technōs Japan . The series is now handled by Arc System Works who purchased all of the intellectual property rights from Technōs ' spiritual successor , Million Corp . The first game in the series is fully titled Nekketsu Kōha Kunio-kun ( 熱血硬派くにおくん ) , which roughly translates to Hot Blood Tough Guy Kunio , with Nekketsu being the name of Kunio 's high school . The kun suffix after his name is an informal Japanese honorific usually applied to young males . The series originated in the arcades and the Famicom console ; its title and its protagonist , Kunio ( variously renamed Alex and Crash Cooney in the United States ) , were named after Technōs Japan 's former president , Kunio Taki . Along with that , Kunio also later became Technōs Japan 's main mascot , appearing on the company 's logo in several games and television commercials . Although the original game was created by Yoshihisa Kishimoto - who later designed Double Dragon - many of the later games ( particularly those under the Downtown Nekketsu moniker ) were the handiwork of two men : Mitsuhiro Yoshimitsu Yoshida and Hiroyuki Mokeke Sekimoto . A few of the early Kunio games for the NES were localized for the North American market . These include Renegade , River City Ransom , Super Dodge Ball , Crash ' n ' the Boys : Street Challenge and Nintendo World Cup , which were heavily Americanized versions of the Kunio-kun games . Technōs Japan has released over twenty Kunio-kun titles for the Famicom , Game Boy , and Super Famicom in Japan . In addition , licensed ports of the games were made for other platforms such as the PC-Engine ( through Naxat Soft ) , Mega Drive ( through Pal Soft ) and the Sharp X68000 ( through Sharp ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cameroon", "text": "Cameroon ( /ˌkæməˈruːn/ ( listen ) ; French : Cameroun ) , officially the Republic of Cameroon ( French : République du Cameroun ) , is a country in Central Africa . It is bordered by Nigeria to the west and north ; Chad to the northeast ; the Central African Republic to the east ; and Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and the Republic of the Congo to the south . Cameroon 's coastline lies on the Bight of Biafra , part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean . Although Cameroon is not an ECOWAS member state , it is geographically and historically in West Africa with the Southern Cameroons which now form her Northwest and Southwest Regions having a strong West African history . The country is sometimes identified as West African and other times as Central African due to its strategic position at the crossroads between West and Central Africa . Cameroon is home to over 250 native languages spoken by nearly 20 million people . The official languages of the country are English and French . Early inhabitants of the territory included the Sao civilisation around Lake Chad and the Baka hunter-gatherers in the southeastern rainforest . Portuguese explorers reached the coast in the 15th century and named the area Rio dos Camarões ( Shrimp River ) , which became Cameroon in English . Fulani soldiers founded the Adamawa Emirate in the north in the 19th century , and various ethnic groups of the west and northwest established powerful chiefdoms and fondoms . Cameroon became a German colony in 1884 known as Kamerun . After World War I , the territory was divided between France and the United Kingdom as League of Nations mandates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uzi_Landau", "text": "Uzi Landau is an Israeli politician and systems analyst . He served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1984 and 2006 , and for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2009 and 2015 . He also held several ministerial posts , including Minister of Public Security , Minister in the Prime Minister 's Office , Minister of Energy and Water Resources and Minister of Tourism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrea_Nix_Fine", "text": "Andrea Nix Fine is an American documentary film director whose film Inocente won the Academy Award for Best Documentary ( Short Subject ) in 2013 . She directs her films with her husband , Sean Fine . The Fines were also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2007 for War/Dance , a story about the power of music to heal and transform the lives of children living in Ugandas war zone , and their 2013 HBO documentary Life According to Sam was honored with a Peabody and Emmy award . Nix is a 1991 graduate of Colby College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ASP.NET_MVC", "text": "The ASP.NET MVC is a discontinued web application framework developed by Microsoft , which implements the model-view-controller ( MVC ) pattern . It is open-source software , apart from the ASP.NET Web Forms component which is proprietary . ASP.NET Core has since been released , which unified ASP.NET , ASP.NET MVC , ASP.NET Web API , and ASP.NET Web Pages ( a platform using only Razor pages ) . MVC 6 was abandoned due to Core and is not expected to be released . Core is currently planned to merge into .NET 5 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Strømsgodset_IF", "text": "Strømsgodset IF is a Norwegian multi-sports club from Gulskogen in Drammen . It has sections for association football , handball and bandy , but is best known for the top-level football section known as Strømsgodset Toppfotball , which plays in Eliteserien , the Norwegian top flight . The club was founded 10 February 1907 , but the football team first found success in the late 1960s and early 1970s , winning a league title and three cups . The famous team from the 1960s and 1970s was popularly known as the Rødgata Boys , after the street most of them lived on . Most of these players were also accomplished bandy players , and Strømsgodset won four national Norwegian Championships in the winter version of football . Four of the football players collected silver medals in the 1965 Bandy World Championship ; Steinar Pettersen , Inge Thun , Thorodd Presberg and Ole Johnny Friise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panama", "text": "Panama ( /ˈpænəmɑː/ ( listen ) PAN-ə-mah , /pænəˈmɑː/ pan-ə-MAH ; Spanish : Panamá IPA : [ panaˈma ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Panama ( Spanish : República de Panamá ) , is a transcontinental country in Central America and South America , bordered by Costa Rica to the west , Colombia to the southeast , the Caribbean Sea to the north , and the Pacific Ocean to the south . The capital and largest city is Panama City , whose metropolitan area is home to nearly half the country 's 4 million people . Panama was inhabited by indigenous tribes before Spanish colonists arrived in the 16th century . It broke away from Spain in 1821 and joined the Republic of Gran Colombia , a union of Nueva Granada , Ecuador , and Venezuela . After Gran Colombia dissolved in 1831 , Panama and Nueva Granada eventually became the Republic of Colombia . With the backing of the United States , Panama seceded from Colombia in 1903 , allowing the construction of the Panama Canal to be completed by the US Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914 . The 1977 Torrijos-Carter Treaties led to the transfer of the Canal from the United States to Panama on December 31 , 1999 . Revenue from canal tolls continues to represent a significant portion of Panama 's GDP , although commerce , banking , and tourism are major and growing sectors . It is regarded as a high-income country . In 2018 Panama ranked 66th in the world in terms of the Human Development Index . In 2018 , Panama was ranked seventh-most competitive economy in Latin America , according to the World Economic Forum 's Global Competitiveness Index . Covering around 40 percent of its land area , Panama 's jungles are home to an abundance of tropical plants and animals - some of them found nowhere else on earth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Slim,_1st_Viscount_Slim", "text": "Field Marshal William Joseph Slim , 1st Viscount Slim , KG , GCB , GCMG , GCVO , GBE , DSO , MC , KStJ ( 6 August 1891 - 14 December 1970 ) , usually known as Bill Slim , was a British military commander and the 13th Governor-General of Australia . Slim saw active service in both the First and Second World Wars and was wounded in action three times . During the Second World War he led the 14th Army , the so-called forgotten army in the Burma campaign . After the war he became the first British officer who had served in the Indian Army to be appointed Chief of the Imperial General Staff . From 1953 to 1959 he was Governor-General of Australia and is regarded by many Australians as an authentic war hero who had fought with the Anzacs at Gallipoli . In the early 1930s , Slim also wrote novels , short stories , and other publications under the pen name Anthony Mills ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Travis_Marx", "text": "Travis Marx ( born October 25 , 1977 ) is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in Bellator 's bantamweight division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corozal,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Corozal ( Spanish pronunciation : [ koɾoˈsal ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico ( U.S. ) located in the central-eastern region , north of Orocovis and Barranquitas ; south of Vega Alta ; southwest of Toa Alta ; east of Morovis and Orocovis ; and west of Naranjito . Corozal is spread over 12 wards and Corozal Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area . The city name is derived from the palma de corozo ( grugru palm , Acrocomia media ) which abounds in the central zone of the Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valhalla_IP", "text": "Valhalla IP is a stadium in Gothenburg , Sweden which is home to several teams , for both Damallsvenskan and Division 1 , Qviding FIF and the ladies team Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC . The stadium is situated close the river Mölndalsån and Burgårdsparken of the town and is named after the Valhalla ( Old Norse Valhöll , Hall of the Slain ) is Odin 's hall in Norse mythology . The capacity of the stadium is 4,000 , where 1,200 are seated . Valhalla IP had an artificial pitch added in October 2006 . On October 19 , 2008 , during a football match between Örgryte IS and FC Väsby United , after one minute of play a railing in the stands collapsed when fans celebrated a goal scored by Marcus Allbäck . Up to forty spectators fell down on the field , a few suffered minor injuries and one spectator was taken to hospital . It also hosted some Sweden national football team games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mario_Raggi", "text": "Mario Raggi ( 1821-1907 ) was an Italian sculptor who settled in England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Haunted_Palace", "text": "The Haunted Palace is a 1963 horror film released by American International Pictures , starring Vincent Price , Lon Chaney Jr. and Debra Paget ( in her final film ) , in a story about a village held in the grip of a dead necromancer . The film was directed by Roger Corman and is often regarded as one in his series of eight films largely based on the works of American author Edgar Allan Poe . Although marketed as Edgar Allan Poe 's The Haunted Palace , the film actually derives its plot from The Case of Charles Dexter Ward , a novella by H. P. Lovecraft . The title The Haunted Palace is borrowed from the 6-stanza poem by Poe , published in 1839 ( which was later incorporated into Poe 's horror short story The Fall of the House of Usher ) , and the film uses eight lines from the poem within the framing of the story ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maritime_Republics", "text": "The maritime republics ( Italian : repubbliche marinare ) of the Mediterranean Basin were thalassocratic city-states in Italy and Dalmatia during the Middle Ages . The best known among them were Venice , Genoa , Pisa and Amalfi ; less known , but not always less important , are Ragusa ( now Dubrovnik ) , Gaeta , Ancona , and Noli . From the 10th century , they built fleets of ships both for their own protection and to support extensive trade networks across the Mediterranean , giving them an essential role in reestablishing contacts between Europe , Asia and Africa , which had been interrupted during the early Middle Ages . These contacts were not only commercial , but also cultural and artistic . They had an essential role in the Crusades ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piero_Cappuccilli", "text": "Piero Cappuccilli ( November 9 , 1929 - July 11 , 2005 ) was an Italian operatic baritone . Best known for his interpretations of Verdi roles , he was widely regarded as one of the finest Italian baritones of the second half of the 20th century . He was enormously admired within the field of opera for his rich and abundant voice , fine vocal technique and exceptional breath control . In the great Italian tradition he fused words and music into elegant phrases . He focused on Italian repertory , particularly the operas of Verdi , singing 17 major roles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thailand", "text": "Thailand , [ a ] officially the Kingdom of Thailand and formerly known as Siam , [ b ] is a country at the centre of the Southeast Asian Indochinese Peninsula composed of 76 provinces . At 513,120 km2 ( 198,120 sq mi ) and over 68 million people , Thailand is the world 's 50th-largest country by total area and the 21st-most-populous country . The capital and largest city is Bangkok , a special administrative area . Thailand is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos , to the east by Laos and Cambodia , to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia , and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Myanmar . Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast , and Indonesia and India on the Andaman Sea to the southwest . It is a unitary state . Although nominally the country is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy , the most recent coup , in 2014 , established a de facto military dictatorship under a junta . Tai peoples migrated from southwestern China to mainland Southeast Asia from the 11th century ; the oldest known mention of their presence in the region by the exonym Siamese dates to the 12th century . Various Indianised kingdoms such as the Mon kingdoms , Khmer Empire and Malay states ruled the region , competing with Thai states such as the Kingdoms of Ngoenyang , Sukhothai , Lan Na and Ayutthaya , which rivaled each other . Documented European contact began in 1511 with a Portuguese diplomatic mission to Ayutthaya , now one of the great powers in the region . Ayutthaya reached its peak during cosmopolitan Narai 's reign ( 1656-1688 ) , gradually declining thereafter until being ultimately destroyed in the 1767 Burmese-Siamese War . Taksin ( r. 1767-1782 ) quickly reunified the fragmented territory and established the short-lived Thonburi Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/10_kilometres_race_walk", "text": "The 10 kilometres race walk , or 10-kilometer racewalk , is a racewalking event . The event is competed as a road race . Athletes must always keep in contact with the ground and the supporting leg must remain straight until the raised leg passes it . 10 kilometers is 6.21 miles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Westminster", "text": "New Westminster is a city in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia , Canada , and a member municipality of Metro Vancouver . It was founded by Major-General Richard Moody as the capital of the new-born Colony of British Columbia in 1858 , and continued in that role until the Mainland and Island Colonies were merged in 1866 , and was the Mainland 's largest city from that year until it was passed in population by Vancouver during the first decade of the 20th century . It is located on the banks of the Fraser River as it turns southwest towards its estuary , on the southwest side of the Burrard Peninsula and roughly at the centre of the Greater Vancouver region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Wild_and_Crazy_Guy", "text": "A Wild and Crazy Guy ( 1978 ) is an album by American comedian Steve Martin . It reached number two on Billboard 's Pop Albums Chart . The album was eventually certified double platinum . It contains the hit novelty single King Tut , which Martin also performed on Saturday Night Live . It also has Martin revealing his 'real ' name , which he admits is the sound of him flipping his lips . The album was released just as his celebrity status grew and the format reflects this . The first half of the album was performed in front of a small audience at The Boarding House in San Francisco , California , where his previous album had been recorded . The second half of the album was performed at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre . The switchover between venues is handled in a clever segue in the opening minute of the track A Wild and Crazy Guy which opened Side Two of the original vinyl long-player - Steve reads a bogus financial disclosure report to the audience at The Boarding House nightclub , and when he gets to calculating concert revenues he reveals his desire to make over $ 2 million on a single show ; the audience reaction quickly segues from the enclosed intimacy of The Boarding House to the far more raucous open amphitheatre of Red Rocks near Denver . Martin reprises his role as Georg , one of the Czech Festrunk Brothers ( a role he had popularized with Dan Aykroyd on Saturday Night Live ) on two tracks - the second half of A Wild and Crazy Guy and You Naive Americans . The album won the Grammy Award in 1979 for Best Comedy Album . In 2015 , the album was deemed culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant by the Library of Congress and selected for inclusion in the National Recording Registry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Inigoes,_Maryland", "text": "St. Inigoes , sometimes called St. Inigoes Shores , is a small , rural , unincorporated farming , fishing and crabbing community at the southern end of St. Mary 's County in the U.S. state of Maryland that is undergoing a transition to small residential subdevelopment plots . Its eastern side is bordered by a number of coves and creeks that are connected to the St. Marys River , a brackish tidal river , near where it feeds into the mouth of the Potomac River and close to its entry point into the Chesapeake Bay . It is a part of the site of the first colonial settlement in Maryland ( along with neighboring St. Mary 's City ) and is also therefore part of the fourth colonial settlement in North America . St. Inigoes is also the site of the oldest Catholic parish in the United States , dating back to the 1640s . St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church , which is located in St. Inigoes , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 . The parish is still active today . It also hosts a small naval air facility called Webster Field , as well as Coast Guard Station St. Inigoes , and is the site of the USS Tulip Civil War monument . St. Inigoes also has a small commercial area with a general store , a pool hall and a gas station . On the western side of St. Inigoes is a small waterfront park and a public boat landing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Concepción_del_Uruguay", "text": "Concepción del Uruguay is a city in Argentina . It is located in the Entre Ríos province , on the western shore of the Uruguay River , some 320 kilometers north from Buenos Aires . Its population is about 80,000 inhabitants ( 2001 census [ INDEC ] ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shelburn,_Indiana", "text": "Shelburn is a town in Curry Township , Sullivan County , in the U.S. state of Indiana . The population was 1,252 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fernando_Alonso", "text": "Fernando Alonso Díaz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ feɾˈnando aˈlonso ˈði.aθ ] ( listen ) ; born 29 July 1981 ) is a Spanish racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship in 2005 and 2006 for the Renault team . Away from Formula One , he is a champion of the 2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship and a two-time winner of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2018 and 2019 with Toyota . Alonso also won the 2019 24 Hours of Daytona for Wayne Taylor Racing . Born in Oviedo , Asturias to a working-class family , he began go-karting at the age of three and achieved success in local , national and world championships . Alonso later progressed to car racing , winning the Euro Open by Nissan in 1999 and was fourth in the International Formula 3000 Championship of 2000 . He debuted in Formula One with Minardi in 2001 before joining Renault as a test driver for 2002 . Promoted to a race seat in 2003 , Alonso won two drivers ' championships in 2005 and 2006 from Kimi Räikkönen and Michael Schumacher , respectively . After a third-place finish with McLaren in 2007 , he returned to Renault from 2008 to 2009 and won two races in the former year to place fifth overall . Alonso then drove for Ferrari from 2010 to 2014 . He finished runner-up to Sebastian Vettel three times in tightly-contested title duels in 2010 and 2012 and again in 2013 . A second stint with McLaren from 2015 to 2018 did not result in further success due to an uncompetitive car . Overall Alonso won 32 Formula One races , 22 pole positions and 1,899 points from 311 starts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramakien", "text": "The Ramakien ( , , ; literally Glory of Rama ; sometimes also spelled Ramakian ) is Thailand 's national epic , derived from the Hindu epic Ramayana . A number of versions of the epic were lost in the destruction of Ayutthaya in 1767 . Three versions currently exist , one of which was prepared in 1797 under the supervision of ( and partly written by ) King Rama I . His son , Rama II , rewrote some parts of his father 's version for khon drama . The work has had an important influence on Thai literature , art and drama ( both the khon and nang dramas being derived from it ) . While the main story is identical to that of the Ramayana , many other aspects were transposed into a Thai context , such as the clothes , weapons , topography , and elements of nature , which are described as being Thai in style . Although Thailand is considered a Theravada Buddhist society , the Hindu mythology latent in the Ramakien serves to provide Thai legends with a creation myth , as well as representations of various spirits which complement beliefs derived from Thai animism . A painted representation of the Ramakien is displayed at Bangkok 's Wat Phra Kaew , and many of the statues there depict characters from it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_(band)", "text": "Queen are a British rock band formed in London in 1970 . Their classic line-up was Freddie Mercury ( lead vocals , piano ) , Brian May ( guitar , vocals ) , Roger Taylor ( drums , vocals ) and John Deacon ( bass ) . Their earliest works were influenced by progressive rock , hard rock and heavy metal , but the band gradually ventured into more conventional and radio-friendly works by incorporating further styles , such as arena rock and pop rock . Before forming Queen , May and Taylor had played together in the band Smile . Mercury was a fan of Smile and encouraged them to experiment with more elaborate stage and recording techniques . He joined in 1970 and suggested the name Queen . Deacon was recruited in March 1971 , before the band released their eponymous debut album in 1973 . Queen first charted in the UK with their second album , Queen II , in 1974 . Sheer Heart Attack later that year and A Night at the Opera in 1975 brought them international success . The latter featured Bohemian Rhapsody , which stayed at number one in the UK for nine weeks and helped popularise the music video format . The band 's 1977 album News of the World contained We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions , which have become anthems at sporting events . By the early 1980s , Queen were one of the biggest stadium rock bands in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/12th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 12th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best in film for 1939 . The ceremony was held on February 29 , 1940 , at a banquet in the Coconut Grove at The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles . It was hosted by Bob Hope ( in his first of nineteen turns as host ) . David O. Selznick 's production Gone with the Wind received the most nominations of the year with thirteen . Other films receiving multiple nominations included : Mr. Smith Goes to Washington ; Wuthering Heights ; Goodbye , Mr. Chips ; Stagecoach ; Love Affair ; The Wizard of Oz ; The Rains Came ; The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex ; Ninotchka ; Of Mice and Men ; and Dark Victory . This was the first year in which an Academy Award ( also known as an Oscar ) was awarded in the category of special effects ( previously , however , special achievement awards for effects had occasionally been conferred ) , and the first time that two awards for cinematography were presented ( one for a color film and another for a black-and-white film ) . This event also marked the first time that more than one film had received ten or more Oscar nominations . Hattie McDaniel became the first African-American to receive an Academy Award , winning in the Best Supporting Actress category for Gone with the Wind ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bengt_Gustafsson_(general)", "text": "General Sten Bengt Gustaf Gustafsson ( 2 December 1933 - 15 March 2019 ) was a Swedish Army officer . He served as the Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1986 to 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Citizenship", "text": "Citizen is the status of a person recognized under the custom or law as being a legal member of a sovereign state or belonging to a nation . The idea of citizenship has been defined as the capacity of individuals to defend their rights in front of the governmental authority . A person may have multiple citizenships . A person who does not have citizenship of any state is said to be stateless , while one who lives on state borders whose territorial status is uncertain is a border-lander ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil", "text": "Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quad_Cities_MetroLINK", "text": "The Quad Cities MetroLINK , officially the Rock Island County Metropolitan Mass Transit District , provides mass transportation for the Illinois half of the Quad Cities metro area . Both Iowa cities that make up the region have their own systems , but one MetroLINK route does connect with Davenport , Iowa . It is the only transit system in the Quad Cities that operates seven days a week and holidays . The system has a fleet of 60 fixed route buses that is composed of twenty-five 30-foot compressed natural gas buses , eight 40-foot compressed natural gas buses and twenty-two 40-foot diesel buses . As of 2019 , they have eight all electric buses . Its annual ridership is 3.5 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sinclair_Dam_Hydroelectric_Generating_Plant", "text": "Lake Sinclair is a man-made lake in central Georgia near Milledgeville . It is operated by Georgia Power . The lake was named after Benjamin W. Sinclair , a Georgia Power official ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Akabane_Iwabuchi_Station", "text": "Akabane-iwabuchi Station ( 赤羽岩淵駅 , Akabane-iwabuchi-eki ) is a subway station in Kita , Tokyo , Japan , operated jointly by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro and the third-sector railway operator Saitama Railway Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Litchfield_Law_School", "text": "The Litchfield Law School of Litchfield , Connecticut was the first proprietary law school established in the United States . It was an independent institution for legal education , unaffiliated with any college or university . It was created by Tapping Reeve , who took his first student in 1774 and had begun teaching by lecture by 1784 ; Reeve later became the Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court . By the time the school closed in 1833 , over 1,100 students had attended the institution , including Aaron Burr and John C. Calhoun . ( The first university law school in the United States is William & Mary Law School , established in 1779 . According to the timeline on their website , After decades of disagreement , William & Mary is now acknowledged as the first university-affiliated law school , and Litchfield as the first proprietary ( independent ) law school . ) The law school , including Reeve 's house , was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965 as the Tapping Reeve House and Law School . The Tapping Reeve House and Law School are owned and operated by the Litchfield Historical Society as a museum displaying life in a 19th-century period school . The Society also operates the Litchfield History Museum . There is no admission fee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MetLife_Stadium", "text": "MetLife Stadium is an American sports stadium located at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford , New Jersey , 8 miles ( 13 km ) west of New York City . It is the home stadium of two National Football League ( NFL ) franchises , the New York Giants and the New York Jets , as well as the New York Guardians of the XFL . Originally known as New Meadowlands Stadium upon opening in 2010 , its naming rights were acquired in 2011 by New York City-based insurance company MetLife . The stadium is owned by the MetLife Stadium Company , a joint venture of the Giants and Jets , which privately financed the construction of the venue on land belonging to the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority . At an approximate cost of $ 1.6 billion , it was the most expensive stadium ever built at the time that it opened ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liam_MacCarthy", "text": "Liam MacCarthy ( 1853-1928 ) was an Irish nationalist , businessman and activist in London ; best known for his donation to the Gaelic Athletic Association of a trophy for the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship , which is called the Liam MacCarthy Cup in his honour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007–08_FIS_Snowboard_World_Cup", "text": "The 2007-08 FIS Snowboard World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for snowboarding . The season began on 1 September 2007 , and finished on 3 March 2008 . The World Cup is organized by the FIS who also runs world cups and championships in cross-country skiing , ski jumping , nordic combined , alpine skiing and freestyle skiing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liverpool_railway_station,_Sydney", "text": "Liverpool railway station is a heritage-listed railway station located on the Main South line , serving the Sydney suburb of Liverpool in Australia . It is served by Sydney Trains T2 Inner West & Leppington , T3 Bankstown and T5 Cumberland services . It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_white_pine", "text": "Western white pine ( Pinus monticola ) also called silver pine , and California mountain pine , in the family Pinaceae , is a species of pine that occurs in the mountains of the western United States and Canada , specifically the Sierra Nevada , the Cascade Range , the Coast Range , and the northern Rocky Mountains . The tree extends down to sea level in many areas , particularly in Oregon and Washington . It is the state tree of Idaho , and is sometimes known as the Idaho pine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mangi-Tungi", "text": "Mangi-Tungi is a prominent twin-pinnacled peak with plateau in between , located near Tahrabad about 125 km from Nashik , Maharashtra , India . Mangi , 4,343 ft ( 1,324 m ) high above sea level , is the western pinnacle and Tungi , 4,366 ft ( 1,331 m ) high , the eastern . Mangi-Tungi is only 100 km away from Dhule , a well known city and district place in North Maharashtra ( Khandesh ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alex_Karras", "text": "Alexander George Karras ( July 15 , 1935 - October 10 , 2012 ) was an American football player , professional wrestler , sportscaster , and actor . He was a four-time Pro Bowl player with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) , where he played from 1958 to 1970 . As an actor , Karras played Mongo in the 1974 comedy film Blazing Saddles . He starred as George Papadopolis , the adoptive father of Webster Long ( Emmanuel Lewis ) , in the ABC sitcom Webster ( 1983-1989 ) alongside his wife Susan Clark . Karras also had a prominent role in Victor/Victoria , starring Julie Andrews and James Garner . He is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in the Centennial class ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2013", "text": "The 14th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on Thursday , November 21 , 2013 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas . This was the sixth time that Latin Grammys has been held at this location . The main telecast was broadcast on Univision at 8:00 PM EST . The nominations were announced on September 25 , 2013 . Javier Garza , Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas and Carlos Vives led the nominations with five nods each . Miguel Bosé was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 20 , the day prior to the Latin Grammy Awards . Carlos Vives was the biggest winner with three awards , including Song of the Year for Volví a Nacer ; Marc Anthony won Record of the Year for Vivir Mi Vida ; Draco Rosa won the award for Album of the Year for Vida ; and Gaby Moreno was awarded Best New Artist . This marks the first time since the inaugural awards that the three categories were given to three different artists . Producer Sergio George won three awards , including Producer of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louisa_So", "text": "Louisa So Yuk Wa ( simplified Chinese : 苏玉华 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇玉華 ; pinyin : Sū Yùhuā ; Born 16 January 1968 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong actress in drama and TV series . She is considered the Cooking Mistress of Hong Kong after winning the comedy cooking show Beautiful Cooking . In August 2009 , she travelled by train across the United States , during which time she met Guardian journalist Douglas Rogers . After a brief break in 2009 , she unexpectedly returned to acting in 2014 as the protagonist in the TVB drama Rear Mirror , a role that brought her wide critical acclaim , after the show received high viewership ratings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bisacodyl", "text": "Bisacodyl ( INN ) is an organic compound that is used as a stimulant laxative drug . It works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement . It is typically prescribed for relief of episodic and chronic constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction , as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations , such as for a colonoscopy . Bisacodyl is a derivative of triphenylmethane . It was first used as a laxative in 1953 because of its structural similarity to phenolphthalein ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Nations", "text": "The United Nations ( UN ) is an intergovernmental organization that aims to maintain international peace and security , develop friendly relations among nations , achieve international cooperation , and be a center for harmonizing the actions of nations . It is the largest , most familiar , most internationally represented and most powerful intergovernmental organization in the world . The UN is headquartered on international territory in New York City ; other main offices are in Geneva , Nairobi , Vienna and The Hague . The UN was established after World War II with the aim of preventing future wars , succeeding the ineffective League of Nations . On 25 April 1945 , 50 governments met in San Francisco for a conference and started drafting the UN Charter , which was adopted on 25 June 1945 and took effect on 24 October 1945 , when the UN began operations . Pursuant to the Charter , the organization 's objectives include maintaining international peace and security , protecting human rights , delivering humanitarian aid , promoting sustainable development , and upholding international law . At its founding , the UN had 51 member states ; this number grew to 193 in 2011 , representing the vast majority of the world 's sovereign states . The organization 's mission to preserve world peace was complicated in its early decades by the Cold War between the United States and Soviet Union and their respective allies . Its missions have consisted primarily of unarmed military observers and lightly armed troops with primarily monitoring , reporting and confidence-building roles . UN membership grew significantly following widespread decolonization beginning in the 1960s . Since then , 80 former colonies have gained independence , including 11 trust territories that had been monitored by the Trusteeship Council . By the 1970s , the UN 's budget for economic and social development programmes far outstripped its spending on peacekeeping ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brigg_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Brigg was a county constituency centred on the town of Brigg in North Lincolnshire . It returned one Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , elected by the first-past-the-post voting system . The constituency was created for the 1885 general election , and abolished for the February 1974 general election when it was replaced by the new constituency of Brigg and Scunthorpe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moon_(astrology)", "text": "Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is . Before the age of telescopes , the night sky was thought to consist of two very similar components : fixed stars , which remained motionless in relation to each other , and wandering stars ( Ancient Greek : ἀστέρες πλανῆται asteres planetai ) , which moved relative to the fixed stars over the course of the year . To the Greeks and the other earliest astronomers , this group consisted of the five planets visible to the naked eye and excluded Earth . Although strictly , the term planet applied only to those five objects , the term was latterly broadened , particularly in the Middle Ages , to include the Sun and the Moon ( sometimes referred to as Lights ) , making a total of seven planets . Astrologers retain this definition today . To ancient astrologers , the planets represented the will of the gods and their direct influence upon human affairs . To modern astrologers , the planets can represent basic drives or urges in the unconscious , or energy flow regulators representing dimensions of experience . They express themselves with different qualities in the twelve signs of the zodiac and in the twelve houses . The planets are also related to each other in the form of aspects . Modern astrologers differ on the source of the correlations between planetary positions and configurations , on the one hand , and characteristics and destinies of the natives , on the other . Hone writes that the planets exert it directly through gravitation or another , unknown influence . Others hold that the planets have no direct influence in themselves , but are mirrors of basic organizing principles in the universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Salvador", "text": "El Salvador ( /ɛl ˈsælvədɔːr/ ( listen ) ; Spanish : [ el salβaˈðoɾ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of El Salvador ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , literally Republic of The Savior ) , is the smallest and the most densely populated country in Central America . It is bordered on the northeast by Honduras , on the northwest by Guatemala , and on the south by the Pacific Ocean . El Salvador 's capital and largest city is San Salvador . As of 2018 [ update ] , the country had a population of approximately 6.42 million . El Salvador was for centuries inhabited by several Mesoamerican nations , especially the Cuzcatlecs , as well as the Lenca and Maya . In the early 16th century , the Spanish Empire conquered the territory , incorporating it into the Viceroyalty of New Spain ruled from Mexico City . However the Viceroyalty of Mexico had little or no influence in the daily affairs of the Central American isthmus , which would be colonized in 1524 . In 1609 the area became the Captaincy General of Guatemala , from which El Salvador was part of until its independence from Spain , which took place in 1821 , as part of the First Mexican Empire , then further seceded , as part of the Federal Republic of Central America , in 1823 . When the Republic dissolved in 1841 , El Salvador became a sovereign nation , then formed a short-lived union with Honduras and Nicaragua called the Greater Republic of Central America , which lasted from 1895 to 1898 . From the late 19th to the mid-20th century , El Salvador endured chronic political and economic instability characterized by coups , revolts , and a succession of authoritarian rulers . Persistent socioeconomic inequality and civil unrest culminated in the devastating Salvadoran Civil War ( 1979-1992 ) , which was fought between the military-led government and a coalition of left-wing guerrilla groups . The conflict ended with the Chapultepec Peace Accords ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Demetrius_Pinder", "text": "Demetrius Pinder ( born 13 February 1989 ) is a Bahamian male track and field sprint athlete who competes in the 400 metres . His personal best for the event is 44.77 seconds . At the 2012 London Olympics he was a 400 m finalist and relay gold medallist . He was born in Freeport , Grand Bahama where he attended Tabernacle Baptist Christian Academy . In March 2011 he broke the 400 m indoor Bahamian national record of 45.78 previously held by Chris Brown with his 45.33 win at the 2011 NCAA Division I Indoor Championships . He won a 400 m silver medal in the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Istanbul . He placed seventh in the 400 m final at 2012 London Olympic Games . He also won gold at the 2012 London Olympics with the Bahamas 4x400 team , of himself , Chris Brown , Michael Mathieu and Ramon Miller beating medal favorites USA with a national record ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Britannia_Heights", "text": "Britannia Heights is a neighbourhood in Bay Ward in west end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada . The neighbourhood is a sub-neighbourhood of Britannia area of the city , but is within the Queensway Terrace North Community Association boundaries . The neighbourhood is away from the Ottawa River on a steep hill . It is bounded to the North by Carling Avenue , east by OC Transpo Transitway , south by Henley Street , and west by Bayshore Drive . The population of the neighbourhood is approximately 1750 . The first land entrepreneur in the community was William Mosgrove whose registered plan in 1908 paved the way for 47 average-sized lots on Pinecrest Road and a parallel street named St. Louis ( now Pinewood Crescent . ) Most of the homes were built between the 1930s to the 1960s . After 1970 , many townhouses and condominiums were built until the 1980s . The main streets of the neighbourhood are Richmond , Carling , Alpine , Connaught and Pinecrest . Britannia Heights United Church is on Pinecrest Drive . The community is home to Frank Ryan Park and the Old Forge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nueve_de_Julio_Department,_Chaco", "text": "Nueve de Julio is a department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 27,000 inhabitants in an area of 1,130 km² , and its capital city is Las Breñas , which is located around 1,130 km from the Capital federal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newton_metre", "text": "The newton metre ( also newton-metre , symbol N⋅m , N m ) is a unit of torque ( also called moment ) in the SI system . One newton metre is equal to the torque resulting from a force of one newton applied perpendicularly to the end of a moment arm that is one metre long . The nonstandard symbol Nm occurs in some fields . It is also used less commonly as a unit of work , or energy , in which case it is equivalent to the more common and standard SI unit of energy , the joule . In this usage the metre term represents the distance travelled or displacement in the direction of the force , and not the perpendicular distance from a fulcrum as it does when used to express torque . This usage is generally discouraged , since it can lead to confusion as to whether a given quantity expressed in newton metres is a torque or a quantity of energy . However , since torque represents energy transferred or expended per angle of revolution , one newton metre of torque is equivalent to one joule per radian . Newton metres and joules are dimensionally equivalent in the sense that they have the same expression in SI base units :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas", "text": "Texas ( /ˈtɛksəs/ , locally /ˈtɛksɪz/ ; Spanish : Texas or Tejas , pronounced [ ˈtexas ] ( listen ) ) is the second largest state in the United States by area ( after Alaska ) and population ( after California ) . Located in the South Central region , Texas shares borders with the states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , and has a coastline with the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast . Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth largest in the U.S. , while San Antonio is the second-most populous in the state and seventh largest in the U.S. Dallas-Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country , respectively . Other major cities include Austin , the second-most populous state capital in the U.S. , and El Paso . Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State for its former status as an independent republic , and as a reminder of the state 's struggle for independence from Mexico . The Lone Star can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal . The origin of Texas 's name is from the word taysha , which means friends in the Caddo language . Due to its size and geologic features such as the Balcones Fault , Texas contains diverse landscapes common to both the U.S. Southern and Southwestern regions . Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10% of Texas 's land area is desert . Most of the population centers are in areas of former prairies , grasslands , forests , and the coastline . Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend . The term six flags over Texas [ note 1 ] refers to several nations that have ruled over the territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nolan_Bushnell", "text": "Nolan Kay Bushnell ( born February 5 , 1943 ) is an American businessman and electrical engineer . He established Atari , Inc. and the Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre chain . Bushnell has been inducted into the Video Game Hall of Fame and the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame , received the BAFTA Fellowship and the Nations Restaurant News Innovator of the Year award , and was named one of Newsweek 's 50 Men Who Changed America . Bushnell has started more than twenty companies and is one of the founding fathers of the video game industry . He is on the board of Anti-Aging Games . In 2012 he founded an educational software company called Brainrush , that is using video game technology in educational software . Nolan is credited with Bushnell 's Law , an aphorism about games easy to learn and difficult to master being rewarding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toulouse", "text": "Toulouse ( /tuːˈluːz/ , too-LOOZ ; French : [ tuluz ] ( listen ) ; Occitan : Tolosa [ tuˈluzo ] ; Latin : Tolosa ) is the capital of the French department of Haute-Garonne and of the region of Occitanie . The city is on the banks of the River Garonne , 150 kilometres ( 93 miles ) from the Mediterranean Sea , 230 km ( 143 mi ) from the Atlantic Ocean and 680 km ( 420 mi ) from Paris . It is the fourth-largest city in France , with 466,297 inhabitants as of January 2014 . In France , Toulouse is called the Pink City ( La Ville Rose ) . The Toulouse Metro area , with 1,312,304 inhabitants as of 2014 , is France 's fourth-largest metropolitan area , after Paris , Lyon and Marseille , and ahead of Lille and Bordeaux . Toulouse is the centre of the European aerospace industry , with the headquarters of Airbus ( formerly EADS ) , the SPOT satellite system , ATR and the Aerospace Valley . It also hosts the European headquarters of Intel and CNES 's Toulouse Space Centre ( CST ) , the largest space centre in Europe . Thales Alenia Space , ATR , SAFRAN , Liebherr-Aerospace and Airbus Defence and Space also have a significant presence in Toulouse . The University of Toulouse is one of the oldest in Europe ( founded in 1229 ) and , with more than 103,000 students , it is the fourth-largest university campus in France , after the universities of Paris , Lyon and Lille . The air route between Toulouse-Blagnac and Paris Orly is the busiest in Europe , transporting 2.4 million passengers in 2014 . According to the rankings of L'Express and Challenges , Toulouse is the most dynamic French city . The city was the capital of the Visigothic Kingdom in the 5th century and the capital of the province of Languedoc in the Late Middle Ages and early modern period ( provinces were abolished during the French Revolution ) , making it the unofficial capital of the cultural region of Occitania ( Southern France ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1992_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , 43 events in athletics were contested , 24 events by men and 19 by women . The competition ran from July 31 , 1992 , to August 9 , 1992 . Fourteen world record-holders ( eight men and six women ) were among the contenders . Thirty former Olympic champions competed , and a total number of 1725 athletes from 156 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina's_1st_congressional_district", "text": "North Carolina 's 1st congressional district consists of counties that border Virginia , and extending southward into several counties of the Inner Banks and Research Triangle regions . Geographically and demographically diverse , it covers many rural areas of northeastern North Carolina , among the state 's most economically poor , as well as a part of the heavily urbanized Research Triangle . It contains towns and cities such as Durham , Greenville , Elizabeth City , Henderson , Roanoke Rapids , Rocky Mount , Goldsboro , and New Bern . The district is represented by Rep. G. K. Butterfield , a Democrat . He has been the representative since 2005 . In the 2006 election , he won unopposed . In 2010 he defeated Republican Ashley Woolard from Washington , North Carolina in the general election . On February 5 , 2016 , the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled the 1st district , as well as the 12th , were gerrymandered along racial lines , which was unconstitutional , and must be redrawn by March 15 , 2016 . Besides a brief period from 1895 until 1899 when the district was held by a Populist , the 1st district has been consistently Democratic since 1883 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westchester_County_Executive", "text": "The Westchester County Executive is the head of the executive branch of the Westchester County , New York , government . The county executive has power to veto acts of Westchester County Board of Legislators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wine_Glass", "text": "The Wine Glass ( also The Glass of Wine or Lady and Gentleman Drinking Wine , Dutch : Het glas wijn ) is a 1660 painting by Johannes Vermeer now in the Gemäldegalerie , Berlin . It portrays a seated woman and a standing man drinking in an interior setting . The work contains the conventions of genre painting of the Delft School developed by Pieter de Hooch in the late 1650s . It contains figures situated in a brightly lit and spacious interior , while its architectural space is highly defined . The figures are set in the middle ground , rather than positioned in the foreground ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Common_Ground_(2000_film)", "text": "Common Ground is a 2000 Showtime television film directed by Donna Deitch and written by Paula Vogel , Terrence McNally and Harvey Fierstein ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_O'Brien_(musician)", "text": "Tim O'Brien ( born March 16 , 1954 ) is an American country and bluegrass musician . In addition to singing , he plays guitar , fiddle , mandolin , banjo , bouzouki and mandocello . He has released more than ten studio albums , in addition to charting a duet with Kathy Mattea entitled The Battle Hymn of Love , a No . 9 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) charts in 1990 . In November 2013 he was inducted into the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asile's_World", "text": "Asile 's World is the second album by Elisa released in 2000 . The album went double Platinum in Italy with 250.000 copies sold . Its repackage contains Luce ( tramonti a nord est ) with which Elisa won the 1st place at the famous Sanremo Festival in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yaxley,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Yaxley is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire , England . Yaxley lies approximately 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of Peterborough , just off the A15 road . Yaxley is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England . The village is located near the Hampton township , and is approximately three miles north-east of junction 16 of the A1 ( M ) at Norman Cross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ermita", "text": "Ermita is a district in Manila , Philippines . Located at the central part of the city , the district is a significant center of finance , education , culture , and commerce . Ermita serves as the civic center of the city , bearing the seat of city government and a large portion of the area 's employment , business , and entertainment activities . Private and government offices , museums , and universities thrive in Ermita . It is also home to famous tourist attractions and landmarks , notably the Rizal Park , the premier national park of the Philippines . Originally , Ermita and its neighboring district Malate were posh neighborhoods for Manila 's high society during the early 20th century where large , grandiose mansions once stood . Unfortunately , Ermita and its surroundings were heavily bombed and flattened during the Second World War after it became a battleground during the Manila Massacre . After the war , Ermita and its twin district , Malate , had undergone commercialization resulting in a shift from being a sprawling upscale suburb to a commercial district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Louis-St._Charles-Farmington,_MO-IL_CSA", "text": "Greater St. Louis is a bi-state metropolitan area that completely surrounds and includes the independent city of St. Louis ( its principal city ) . It includes parts of both the U.S. states of Missouri and Illinois . The city core is on the Mississippi Riverfront on the border with Illinois in the geographic center of the metro area . The Mississippi River bisects the metro area in half geographically between Illinois and Missouri ; however , the Missouri half is much more populous . St. Louis is the largest metro area in Missouri and the second largest in Illinois . St. Louis County is independent of the City of St. Louis and their two populations are generally tabulated separately . The St. Louis , MO-IL metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) - and the focus of this page - includes the City of St. Louis ; the Illinois counties of Bond , Calhoun , Clinton , Jersey , Macoupin , Madison , Monroe , and St. Clair ( known collectively as the Metro East ) ; and the Missouri counties of Franklin , Jefferson , Lincoln , St. Charles , St. Louis County ( separate from and not inclusive of the city of St. Louis ) , and Warren . The larger St. Louis-St. Charles-Farmington , MO-IL combined statistical area ( CSA ) includes all of the aforementioned MSA , plus the Farmington , MO micropolitan statistical area , which includes St. Francois County , Missouri , and the Centralia , IL micropolitan statistical area , which includes Marion County , Illinois . As of 2017 data , the MSA is the 21st-largest in the country that year with a population of 2,807,338 ; however , the CSA is the 19th-largest in the United States , with a population of 2,911,945 . Due to nearly zero growth in St. Louis paired with rapid growth in the Sun Belt and Florida , the St. Louis MSA fell out of the top 20 largest MSAs in the United States in 2017 for the first time since 1840 . As of 2018 , Greater St. Louis is home to the headquarters of ten of Missouri 's eleven Fortune 500 companies , six Fortune 1,000 companies , and two of the top 30 largest private companies in America , as ranked by Forbes . The metropolitan area received the All-America City Award in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Little_Mermaid_II:_Return_to_the_Sea", "text": "The Little Mermaid II : Return to the Sea is a 2000 American animated direct-to-video musical adventure film produced by Walt Disney Television Animation , the sequel to the 1989 Disney animated film The Little Mermaid and final installment in The Little Mermaid trilogy . Directed by Jim Kammerud and Brian Smith , the story of the film takes place 12 years after the original , and focuses on Ariel and Eric 's daughter Melody , a human princess who longs to swim in the ocean despite her parents ' law that the sea is forbidden to her . The film features the voices of Jodi Benson as Ariel , Tara Charendoff as Melody , and Pat Carroll as Morgana , the film 's new villain . In 2008 , Disney released a third film in the Little Mermaid series , The Little Mermaid : Ariel 's Beginning , which is a prequel to the original film . This was Buddy Hackett 's final film role before his death in June 2003 . The film received mixed to negative reviews with criticism directed at the plot , which many considered to be a generic rehash of the original film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Kahn_(architect)", "text": "Albert Kahn ( March 21 , 1869 - December 8 , 1942 ) was the foremost American industrial architect of his day . He is sometimes called the architect of Detroit . In 1943 , the Franklin Institute awarded him the Frank P. Brown Medal posthumously . Many of Albert Kahn 's personal working papers and construction photographs are housed at the University of Michigan 's Bentley Historical Library . His personal working library , the Albert Kahn Library Collection , is housed at Lawrence Technological University in Southfield , MI . The Archives of American Art at the Smithsonian house most of the family 's correspondence and other materials ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zhou_dynasty", "text": "The Zhou dynasty ( Chinese : 周 ; pinyin : Zhōu [ ʈʂóu ] ) was a Chinese dynasty that followed the Shang dynasty and preceded the Qin dynasty . The Zhou dynasty lasted longer than any other dynasty in Chinese history ( 790 years ) . The military control of China by the royal house , surnamed Ji , lasted initially from 1046 until 771 BC for a period known as the Western Zhou and the political sphere of influence it created continued well into Eastern Zhou for another 500 years . During the Zhou dynasty , centralized power decreased throughout the Spring and Autumn period until the Warring States period in the last two centuries of the dynasty . In this period , the Zhou court had little control over its constituent states that were at war with each other until the Qin state consolidated power and formed the Qin dynasty in 221 BC . The Zhou dynasty had formally collapsed only 35 years earlier , although the dynasty had only nominal power at that point . This period of Chinese history produced what many consider the zenith of Chinese bronze-ware making . The Zhou dynasty also spans the period in which the written script evolved into its almost-modern form with the use of an archaic clerical script that emerged during the late Warring States period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Decathlon", "text": "The decathlon is a combined event in athletics consisting of ten track and field events . The word decathlon was formed , in analogy to the word pentathlon , from Greek δέκα ( déka , meaning ten ) and ἄθλος ( áthlos , or ἄθλον , áthlon , meaning contest or prize ) . Events are held over two consecutive days and the winners are determined by the combined performance in all . Performance is judged on a points system in each event , not by the position achieved . The decathlon is contested mainly by male athletes , while female athletes typically compete in the heptathlon . Traditionally , the title of World 's Greatest Athlete has been given to the person who wins the decathlon , thus the world 's greatest athlete of all times is the record-man of decathlon ( Kevin Mayer as of September 2018 ) . This began when King Gustav V of Sweden told Jim Thorpe , You , sir , are the world 's greatest athlete after Thorpe won the decathlon at the Stockholm Olympics in 1912 . The event is similar to the pentathlon held at the ancient Greek Olympics , and also similar to a competition called an all-around , which was contested at the United States amateur championships in 1884 . Another all-around was held at the 1904 Summer Olympics . The modern decathlon first appeared at the 1912 Games . The current official decathlon world record holder is French Kevin Mayer , who scored a total of 9,126 points at the 2018 Décastar in France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ginkgo_biloba", "text": "Ginkgo biloba , commonly known as ginkgo or gingko ( both pronounced /ˈɡɪŋkoʊ/ ) , also known as the maidenhair tree , is the only living species in the division Ginkgophyta , all others being extinct . It is found in fossils dating back 270 million years . Native to China , the tree is widely cultivated , and was cultivated early in human history . It has various uses in traditional medicine and as a source of food ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hugh_Laurie", "text": "James Hugh Calum Laurie CBE ( /ˈlɒri/ ; born 11 June 1959 ) is an English actor , director , singer , musician , comedian and author . Laurie is perhaps best known for portraying the title character on the Fox medical drama series House ( 2004-2012 ) , for which he received two Golden Globe Awards and nominations for numerous other awards . He was listed in the 2011 Guinness World Records as the most watched leading man on television and was one of the highest-paid actors in a television drama , earning £250,000 ( $ 409,000 ) per episode of House . His other television credits include antagonist Richard Onslow Roper in the miniseries The Night Manager ( 2016-present ) , for which he won his third Golden Globe Award , and Senator Tom James in the HBO sitcom Veep ( 2012-2019 ) , for which he received his 10th Emmy Award nomination . Laurie first gained recognition for his work as one half of the comedy double act Fry and Laurie with his friend and comedy partner Stephen Fry , whom he met through their mutual friend Emma Thompson whilst attending Cambridge University , where Laurie was president of the Footlights . The duo acted together in a number of projects during the 1980s and 1990s , including the sketch comedy series A Bit of Fry & Laurie and the P. G. Wodehouse adaptation Jeeves and Wooster . Laurie 's other roles during this time include the period comedy series Blackadder ( in which Fry also appeared ) and the films Sense and Sensibility , 101 Dalmatians , The Borrowers , and Stuart Little . Outside of acting , Laurie released the blues albums Let Them Talk ( 2011 ) and Did n't It Rain ( 2013 ) , both to favourable reviews , and authored the novel The Gun Seller ( 1996 ) . Among his honours , Laurie has won three Golden Globe Awards and two Screen Actors Guild Awards , and has been nominated for 10 Primetime Emmy Awards . He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2016 . He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2007 New Year Honours and Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2018 New Year Honours , both for services to drama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seacroft", "text": "Seacroft is an outer-city suburb/township consisting mainly of council estate housing covering an extensive area of east Leeds , West Yorkshire , England . It lies in the LS14 Leeds postcode area . Its centre is about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Leeds city centre . It sits in the Killingbeck & Seacroft ward of Leeds City Council and Leeds East parliamentary constituency . The population of the corresponding Leeds City Ward was nearly 18,000 in 2001 and fell to 14,426 in 2011 . The name is often used as a catch-all for Seacroft and the neighbouring areas of Whinmoor and Swarcliffe , other large east Leeds council estates which merge into each other . Seacroft includes one of the largest council estates in the country and Yorkshire 's second-largest council estate , after Bransholme in Kingston upon Hull . The latter , however , was part of Humberside county from 1974 to 1996 . Because of its size , Seacroft has often been referred to as a town . The original vision , envisaged by the council , was that it would be a 'Town within the City Limits ' , and the Seacroft Civic Centre was often referred to as the 'Seacroft Town Centre ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas", "text": "Dallas ( /ˈdæləs/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and the largest city and seat of Dallas County , with portions extending into Collin , Denton , Kaufman and Rockwall counties . With an estimated 2018 population of 1,345,076 , it is the ninth most-populous city in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio . Located in North Texas , the city of Dallas is the main core of the largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States and the largest inland metropolitan area in the U.S. that lacks any navigable link to the sea . [ a ] It is the most populous city in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the country at 7.5 million people . Dallas and nearby Fort Worth were initially developed due to the construction of major railroad lines through the area allowing access to cotton , cattle and later oil in North and East Texas . The construction of the Interstate Highway System reinforced Dallas 's prominence as a transportation hub , with four major interstate highways converging in the city and a fifth interstate loop around it . Dallas then developed as a strong industrial and financial center and a major inland port , due to the convergence of major railroad lines , interstate highways and the construction of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , one of the largest and busiest airports in the world . In addition , Dallas has DART ( Dallas Area Rapid Transit ) with different colored train lines that transport throughout the metroplex . Dominant sectors of its diverse economy include defense , financial services , information technology , telecommunications , and transportation . Dallas is home to 9 Fortune 500 companies within the city limits . The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex hosts additional Fortune 500 companies , including American Airlines ( Fort Worth ) and ExxonMobil ( Irving ) . Over 41 colleges and universities are located within its metropolitan area , which is the most of any metropolitan area in Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slow_Burn_(1986_film)", "text": "Slow Burn is a 1986 American television drama film noir presented by Joel Schumacher and directed by Matthew Chapman . Chapman also adapted screenplay from the novel of named Castles Burning . Film stars include Eric Roberts , Beverly D'Angelo , Dennis Lipscomb , Raymond J. Barry , Johnny Depp , Anne Schedeen , Henry Gibson and Dan Hedaya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westminster_City_Council", "text": "Westminster City Council is the local authority for the City of Westminster in Greater London , England . It is a London borough council and is entitled to be known as a city council , which is a rare distinction in the United Kingdom . The city is divided into 20 wards , each electing three councillors . The council is currently composed of 41 Conservative Party members and 19 Labour Party members . The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced three local authorities : Paddington Metropolitan Borough Council , St Marylebone Metropolitan Borough Council and Westminster Borough Council . The present-day city council provides some shared services with Hammersmith and Fulham , and with Kensington and Chelsea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_California", "text": "California elects United States senators to Class 1 and Class 3 . The state has been represented by 44 people in the Senate since it was admitted to the Union on September 9 , 1850 . Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Indiana_Hoosiers_football_team", "text": "The 2014 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented Indiana University during the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Hoosiers played in the East division , a new division of the Big Ten Conference , and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Bloomington , Indiana . The team was led by head coach Kevin Wilson , which was his fourth season . They finished the season 4-8 , 1-7 in Big Ten play to finish in last place in the East Division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Megas_XLR", "text": "Megas XLR is an American animated television series created by Jody Schaeffer and George Krstic for Cartoon Network . The series revolves around two slackers : mechanic Coop and his best friend Jamie , who find a mecha robot from the future called Megas ( Mechanized Earth Guard Attack System ) in a New Jersey junkyard . Coop modifies Megas and replaces his head , the control center , with a classic muscle car , and names him XLR ( eXtra Large Robot ) . Together with Megas 's original pilot Kiva , they must defend Earth from the evil alien race called the Glorft . The series is a homage and parody of mecha anime . Krstic was originally one of the co-creators of MTV 's Downtown . Schaeffer and Krstic conceived the idea of an animated series where the main character would pilot a giant robot utilizing his video gaming skills . The pilot episode , LowBrow , was shown in 2002 during Cartoon Network 's Cartoon Cartoon Weekend Summerfest , to determine which pilot would become a new Cartoon Cartoon ; it was the most popular among viewers . It aired on the Toonami block from May 1 , 2004 to January 15 , 2005 for 2 seasons ( totaling 25 episodes ) , before being cancelled due to low ratings . The series was met with positive reception , and was ranked at No . 4 on ToonZone 's Toons of the 2000s : Top 5 Cartoon Network Originals . There have been various fan efforts and petitions to revive the show since its cancellation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_of_Edinburgh", "text": "Edinburgh ( /ˈɛdɪnbərə/ ( listen ) ; Scots : Edinburgh ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Èideann [ ˈt̪uːn ˈeːtʲən̪ˠ ] ) is the capital of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas . Historically part of the county of Midlothian ( interchangeably Edinburghshire before 1921 ) , it is located in Lothian on the Firth of Forth 's southern shore . Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century , Edinburgh is the seat of the Scottish Government , the Scottish Parliament and the supreme courts of Scotland . The city 's Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official residence of the monarch in Scotland . The city has long been a centre of education , particularly in the fields of medicine , Scots law , literature , philosophy , the sciences and engineering . It is the second largest financial centre in the United Kingdom ( after London ) and the city 's historical and cultural attractions have made it the United Kingdom 's second most popular tourist destination attracting 1.75 million visits from overseas in 2016 . Edinburgh is Scotland 's second most populous city and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom . The official population estimates are 488,050 ( 2016 ) for the Locality of Edinburgh ( Edinburgh pre 1975 regionalisation plus Currie and Balerno ) , 518,500 ( 2018 ) for the City of Edinburgh , and 1,339,380 ( 2014 ) for the city region . Edinburgh lies at the heart of the Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region comprising East Lothian , Edinburgh , Fife , Midlothian , Scottish Borders and West Lothian . The city is the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland . It is home to national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland , the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery . The University of Edinburgh , founded in 1582 and now one of four in the city , is placed 20th in the QS World University Rankings for 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czechoslovakia", "text": "Czechoslovakia , or Czecho-Slovakia ( /ˌtʃɛkoʊsloʊˈvækiə , -kə- , -slə- , -ˈvɑː-/ ; Czech and Slovak : Československo , Česko-Slovensko ) , was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918 , when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire , until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993 . From 1939 to 1945 , following its forced division and partial incorporation into Nazi Germany , the state did not de facto exist but its government-in-exile continued to operate . From 1948 to 1990 , Czechoslovakia was part of the Eastern Bloc with a command economy . Its economic status was formalized in membership of Comecon from 1949 and its defense status in the Warsaw Pact of May 1955 . A period of political liberalization in 1968 , known as the Prague Spring , was forcibly ended when the Soviet Union , assisted by several other Warsaw Pact countries , invaded Czechoslovakia . In 1989 , as Marxist-Leninist governments and socialism were ending all over Europe , Czechoslovaks peacefully deposed their government in the Velvet Revolution ; state price controls were removed after a period of preparation . In 1993 , Czechoslovakia split into the two sovereign states of the Czech Republic and Slovakia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raymond_R._Guest", "text": "Raymond Richard Guest OBE ( November 25 , 1907 - December 31 , 1991 ) was an American businessman , thoroughbred race horse owner and polo player . From 1965 to 1968 , he was United States Ambassador to Ireland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linda_M._Godwin", "text": "Linda Maxine Godwin Ph.D. ( born July 2 , 1952 ) is an American scientist and retired NASA astronaut . Godwin joined NASA in 1980 and became an astronaut in July 1986 . She retired in 2010 . During her career , Godwin completed four space flights and logged over 38 days in space . Godwin also served as the Assistant to the Director for Exploration , Flight Crew Operations Directorate at the Johnson Space Center . Since retiring from NASA , she accepted the position of Professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Missouri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Government_of_Kerala", "text": "The Government of Kerala headquartered at Thiruvananthapuram is a democratically elected body that governs the Indian State of Kerala . The state government is headed by the Governor of Kerala as the nominal head of state , with a democratically elected Chief Minister as the real head of the executive . The state government maintains its capital at Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) and is seated at the Kerala Government Secretariat or the Hajur Kutcheri . The Government of Kerala was formed on 1 November 1956 , after merging of State of Travancore-Cochin with the Malabar district of the Madras state as part of States Reorganisation Act , 1956 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bobby_Au_Yeung", "text": "Robert Au-yeung Tsan-wah ( born 28 July 1960 ) is a Hong Kong actor best known for his comedic roles in many TVB television dramas . He gained wide public attention in the 1990s for his portrayal of Ben Yu in the 1991 legal drama File of Justice , appearing in all five seasons . Au-yeung is also known for his lead roles in several of TVB 's most successful television series franchises , including Armed Reaction , Witness to a Prosecution , and Forensic Heroes . He is most recognised by TV audiences for his shaved head . Au-yeung graduated from TVB 's Artiste Training Academy in 1982 and began appearing in many television dramas as background extras , to roles with minor speaking parts , and later to major supporting roles . He landed his first lead role in the legal drama File of Justice , which premiered in 1992 . File of Justice was a major success and spawned five seasons , turning Au-yeung into a major breakout star . Au-yeung won Best Actor at the 2000 TVB Anniversary Awards for his portrayal as Sung Chee in Witness to a Prosecution . In 2007 , he became the first Hong Kong actor to receive a nomination for Best Actor at the International Emmy Awards for his performance in Dicey Business ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puck,_Poland", "text": "Puck [ put͡sk ] ( listen ) ( Kashubian : Pùckò , Pùck , Pëck , German : Putzig , Lithuanian : Puckas , Latvian : Pucka ) is a town in northwestern Poland with 11,350 inhabitants . It is in Gdańsk Pomerania on the south coast of the Baltic Sea ( Bay of Puck ) and part of Kashubia with many Kashubian speakers in the town . Previously in the Gdańsk Voivodeship ( 1975-1998 ) , Puck has been the capital of Puck County in the Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Afif_Amiruddin", "text": "Mohd Afif bin Amiruddin ( born 22 March 1984 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a defender for Pahang in the Malaysia Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I_Corps_(German_Empire)", "text": "The I Army Corps / I AK ( German : I. Armee-Korps ) was a corps level command of the Prussian and then the Imperial German Armies from the 19th Century to World War I . It was established with headquarters in Königsberg ( now Kaliningrad , Russia ) . Initially , the Corps catchment area comprised the entire Province of East Prussia , but from 1 October 1912 the southern part of the Province was transferred to the newly formed XX Corps District . In peacetime , the Corps was assigned to the VIII Army Inspectorate , which became the 1st Army at the start of the First World War . The corps was still in existence at the end of the war , and was disbanded with the demobilisation of the German Army after World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alias_(TV_series)", "text": "Alias is an American action thriller television series created by J. J. Abrams , that was broadcast on ABC for five seasons from September 30 , 2001 to May 22 , 2006 . It stars Jennifer Garner as Sydney Bristow , a double agent for the Central Intelligence Agency posing as an operative for SD-6 , a worldwide criminal and espionage organization . The main theme of the series explores Sydney 's obligation to conceal her true career from her friends and family , even as she assumes multiple aliases to carry out her missions . This theme is most prevalent in the first two seasons of the show . A major plotline of the series is the search for and recovery of artifacts created by Milo Rambaldi , a fictitious Renaissance-era figure with similarities to both Leonardo da Vinci and Nostradamus . This plot , and some technologies used in the series , place Alias into the genre of science fiction . The series was well received among critics and has been included in several best of lists , including the American Film Institute 's top ten list for television programs in 2003 . The show also received numerous awards and nominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Squirrel_(1582)", "text": "Squirrel was an exploration vessel launched in the 1570s and lost with all hands in 1583 . In the 1570s Squirrel made a return voyage from England to Narragansett Bay , piloted by Simon Fernandez . The voyage was considered remarkable given her small size and the dangers of sailing in largely uncharted waters . She was one of a small fleet of vessels under the command of Sir Humphrey Gilbert , commissioned in 1579 by the lord deputy of Ireland , William Drury , to attack James FitzMaurice FitzGerald by sea and to intercept a fleet expected to arrive from Spain . The expedition was a failure with the fleet dispersed by heavy seas and forced to seek shelter at Land 's End . Squirrel was again under Gilbert 's command in 1583 for a voyage to Newfoundland and the north-eastern coast of North America . Departing England in June in company with four other vessels , she made an uneventful crossing of the Atlantic and reached the Newfoundland coast on 5 August . Gilbert went ashore at St John 's to claim the area as England 's first overseas colony under Royal Charter of Queen Elizabeth I . Plans for a further expedition south along the American coastline were abandoned following a critical shortage of supplies , and Gilbert elected instead to return to England . Squirrel was selected as the flagship for this return voyage and was armed with some small cannon , in Gilbert 's words more to give a show [ of force ] than with judgement to foresee unto the safety of her and the men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diana_Popova", "text": "Diana Popova ( born December 10 , 1976 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vancouver_Quadra", "text": "Vancouver Quadra is a federal electoral district in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia , Canada . It has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1949 . Within the boundaries of this riding are the University of British Columbia and the western portions of the affluent West Side of Vancouver . Voters within Quadra have tended to elect centrist candidates , which is an exception to the province as a whole where politics has tended to be more polarized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_Archery_World_Cup", "text": "The 2016 Archery World Cup is the eleventh edition of the Archery World Cup organised annually by the World Archery Federation . The World Cup finals will be held in Odense , Denmark on 24-25 September . The preliminary stage consisted of three legs instead of the usual four , to make room for the Olympic archery tournament . The first preliminary leg was in Shanghai , China from 26 April to 1 May , the second leg on 9-15 May in Medellin , Colombia and the final leg on 12-19 June in Antalya , Turkey . The Antalya leg was also the final Olympic qualification event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Griffin,_Georgia", "text": "Griffin is a city in and the county seat of Spalding County , Georgia . It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 23,643 . Griffin was founded in 1840 and named for landowner Col. Lewis Lawrence Griffin . Several notable people are from Griffin and the city has been filmed for several notable shows and movies . Griffin Technical College was located in Griffin from 1963 and a branch of Southern Crescent Technical College is in Griffin . The Griffin Synodical Female College was established by Presbyterians but closed . The University of Georgia maintains a branch campus in Griffin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer's_Stone_(film)", "text": "Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone ( released in the United States as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ) is a 2001 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures . It is based on J. K. Rowling 's 1997 novel of the same name . The film is the first instalment of the Harry Potter film series and was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman . Its story follows Harry Potter 's first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as he discovers that he is a famous wizard and begins his education . The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter , with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley , and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger . Warner Bros. bought the film rights to the book in 1999 for a reported £1 million ( $ 1.65 million in 1999 ) . Production began in the United Kingdom in 2000 , with Chris Columbus being chosen to create the film from a short list of directors that included Steven Spielberg and Rob Reiner . Rowling insisted that the entire cast be British and Irish , and the film was shot at Leavesden Film Studios and historic buildings around the United Kingdom . The film was released to cinemas in the United Kingdom and United States on 16 November 2001 . It became a critical and commercial success , grossing $ 975.8 million at the box office worldwide . The highest-grossing film of 2001 , it is the 47th highest-grossing of all-time ( 2nd at the time of its release ; behind Titanic ) and the second most successful instalment of the Harry Potter series behind Deathly Hallows - Part 2 . The film was nominated for many awards , including Academy Awards for Best Original Score , Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neil_Shicoff", "text": "Neil Shicoff ( born June 2 , 1949 ) is an American opera singer and cantor and known for his lyric tenor singing and his dramatic , emotional acting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Butaleja_District", "text": "Butaleja District is a district in Eastern Uganda . It is named after its 'chief town ' , Butaleja , where the district headquarters are located ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speed_skating_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at the Richmond Olympic Oval , Richmond , British Columbia , between 13 and 27 February 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Music_Canada", "text": "Music Canada ( formerly Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) ) is a Toronto-based , non-profit trade organization that was founded 9 April 1963 to represent the interests of companies that record , manufacture , produce , promote and distribute music in Canada . It also offers benefits to some of Canada 's leading independent record labels and distributors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Water_Valley,_Mississippi", "text": "Water Valley is a city in Yalobusha County , Mississippi , United States . The population was 3,392 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2011–12_FIS_Snowboard_World_Cup", "text": "The 2011-12 FIS Snowboard World Cup was a multi race tournament over a season for snowboarding . The season started on 28 August 2011 and ended on 17 March 2012 . The World Cup was organised by the FIS which also runs world cups and championships in alpine skiing , cross-country skiing , ski jumping , nordic combined and freestyle skiing . The FIS Snowboarding World Cup consisted of the parallel slalom , snowboard cross and the halfpipe . The men 's side of the world cup also consisted of three big air competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacob_Une_Larsson", "text": "Jacob Une Larsson ( born 8 April 1994 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Djurgårdens IF as a defender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China", "text": "China ( Chinese : 中国 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó ) , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a country in East Asia and is the world 's most populous country , with a population of around 1.428 billion in 2017 . Covering approximately 9,600,000 square kilometers ( 3,700,000 sq mi ) , it is the third largest country by area . [ j ] Governed by the Communist Party of China , the state exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , [ k ] five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau . China emerged as one of the world 's first civilizations , in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain . For millennia , China 's political system was based on hereditary monarchies , or dynasties , beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty in 21st century BCE . Since then , China has expanded , fractured , and re-unified numerous times . In the 3rd century BCE , the Qin reunited core China and established the first Chinese empire . The succeeding Han dynasty , which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE , saw some of the most advanced technology at that time , including papermaking and the compass , along with agricultural and medical improvements . The invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) and Northern Song ( 960-1127 ) completed the Four Great Inventions . Tang culture spread widely in Asia , as the new Silk Route brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa . Dynastic rule ended in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution , when the Republic of China ( ROC ) replaced the Qing dynasty . China , as a whole , was ravaged by feudal warlordism and Japan during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lạch_Tray_Stadium", "text": "The Lạch Tray Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Hai Phong , Vietnam . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Hải Phòng F.C . of the V.League 1 . The stadium holds 30,000 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CFSO-TV", "text": "CFSO-TV is a Canadian television station , licensed to and serving Cardston , Alberta . It is owned by Logan & Corey McCarthy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Allen_Hinds", "text": "Allen Hinds is an American guitarist , who has recorded or performed with Natalie Cole , BeBe & CeCe Winans , The Crusaders , Hiroshima , Roberta Flack , Randy Crawford , Bobby Caldwell , James Ingram , Marilyn Scott , Eric Marienthal , Marc Antoine , Gino Vannelli and Boney James , among many others . His songs have appeared on the TV shows Lucky , JAG , Pawn Stars , Sons of Guns and Sliced , among others . He is also an instructor and artist in residence at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood , California , and has released five solo albums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MeTV", "text": "MeTV ( an acronym for Memorable Entertainment Television ) is an American broadcast television network that is owned by Weigel Broadcasting . Marketed as The Definitive Destination for Classic TV , the network airs a variety of classic television programs from the 1950s through the early 1990s , which are obtained primarily from the libraries of CBS Television Distribution and 20th Television . Through its ownership by Weigel , MeTV is sister to four other networks that source their programming content from the network 's distributors : rerun-focused networks Heroes & Icons and Decades ( the latter operated as a joint venture with CBS Television Stations ) , the film-focused Movies ! ( a joint venture with Fox Television Stations ) and the drama-focused Start TV . MeTV is carried on digital subchannels of affiliated television stations in most markets ; however , some MeTV-affiliated stations carry the network as a primary affiliation on their main channel , and a small number of stations air select programs from the network alongside their regular general entertainment schedules , with a few carrying the network in high definition . The network is also available nationwide on free-to- air C band satellite via SES-1 in the DVB-S format , and in some markets on AT & T U-verse channels 136 ( in standard definition ) and 1136 ( in high definition ) , and cable television through cable TV providers . MeTV 's operations are located in Weigel Broadcasting 's corporate headquarters on North Halsted Street in Chicago , Illinois . Shows currently broadcast on this channel include M*A*S*H , The Andy Griffith Show , Perry Mason , Gunsmoke , Hogan 's Heroes , The Flintstones , and others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gloucester_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Gloucester County ( /ˈɡlɒstər/ ) is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey . As of the 2017 Census estimate , the county 's population was 292,206 , making it the state 's 14th-most populous county , an increase of 1.4% from the 2010 United States Census , when its population was enumerated at 288,288 , in turn an increase of 33,615 ( +13.2% ) from the 254,673 counted in the 2000 U.S. Census . The percentage increase in the county 's population between 2000 and 2010 was the largest in New Jersey , almost triple the statewide increase of 4.5% , and the absolute increase in residents was the third highest . Its county seat is Woodbury . Gloucester County is located south of Philadelphia and northwest of Atlantic City . It is part of the Camden , New Jersey Metropolitan Division of the Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2015", "text": "The 16th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held on November 19 , 2015 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Paradise . This is the second time that Latin Grammys will be held at this location , will be broadcast live on the Univision Network from 8-11 p.m. ET/PT ( 7 p.m. Central ) . The nominations were announced on September 23 , 2015 . Leonel García leads with six nominations , followed by Natalia Lafourcade with five . Additionally , Juan Luis Guerra and Alejandro Sanz ; engineers Edgar Barrera , Demián Nava , and Alan Saucedo ; and producer Cachorro López each receive four nominations . Pablo Alborán , Miguel Bosé , Café Quijano , Pedro Capó , Nicky Jam , Ricky Martin , and Vicentico are among those who each receive three nominations . Brazilian singer Roberto Carlos will be honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 18 , the day prior to the Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eva_Pawlik", "text": "Eva Pawlik ( 4 October 1927 in Vienna - 31 July 1983 in Vienna ) was an Austrian figure skater ( European Champion , Olympic silver medalist ) , a show star , an actress and the world´s first lady figure skater to be a TV figure skating commentator ( sportscaster on TV ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979_NFL_season", "text": "The 1979 NFL season was the 60th regular season of the National Football League . The season ended with Super Bowl XIV when the Pittsburgh Steelers repeated as champions by defeating the Los Angeles Rams 31-19 at the Rose Bowl . The Steelers became the first team to win back-to-back Super Bowls twice . It was also the 20th anniversary of the American Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Oregon", "text": "Oregon was admitted to the Union on February 14 , 1859 . Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Ron Wyden ( serving since 1996 ) and Jeff Merkley ( serving since 2009 ) . Prior to 1906 , U.S. senators were elected by the Oregon Legislative Assembly . In 1904 , Oregon voters passed a ballot measure that required U.S. senators to be selected by a popular vote and then endorsed by the state legislature . Beginning in 1914 , U.S. senators were directly elected by popular vote on the basis of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aleksandr_Guerunov", "text": "Alexander Evgenevich Gerunov ( born December 10 , 1979 ) , is a Russian Karateka who won the World Championships ( 2004 ) , European Championships ( 2004 ) and World Games ( 2005 ) . He is also an instructor of the School of Combat Skills Soyuz ( Togliatti , Russia ) . Gerunov was born and trained in Togliatti by trainer , Valerie P. Kokshin . He 's trained in Shotokan , Wado-ryu Goju-ryu , Shito-ryu and Taekwondo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gosha_Kutsenko", "text": "Yuriy Georgiyevich Kutsenko ( Russian : Ю́рий Гео́ргиевич Куце́нко ; born 20 May 1967 ) , better known as Gosha Kutsenko ( Russian : Гоша Куценко ) , is a Russian actor , producer , singer , poet , and screenwriter . In 2008 , he joined the United Russia political party . Kutsenko has appeared in high-profile films such as Mama Do n't Cry , Antikiller , Night Watch , Lubov-Morkov , and Echelon Conspiracy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dana_Carvey", "text": "Dana Thomas Carvey ( born June 2 , 1955 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor , screenwriter and producer . He was a cast member on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live ( from 1986 to 1993 ) , which earned him a Primetime Emmy Award from five consecutive nominations . Carvey is also known for his roles in the films Tough Guys ( 1986 ) , Wayne 's World ( 1992 ) and its sequel Wayne 's World 2 ( 1993 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brazil", "text": "Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_bell", "text": "A church bell in the Christian tradition is a bell which is rung in a church for a variety of ceremonial purposes , and can be heard outside the building . Traditionally they are used to call worshippers to the church for a communal service , and to announce times of daily prayer , called the canonical hours . They are also rung on special occasions such as a wedding , or a funeral service . In some religious traditions they are used within the liturgy of the church service to signify to people that a particular part of the service has been reached . The ringing of church bells , in the Christian tradition , is also believed to drive out demons . The traditional European church bell ( see cutaway drawing ) used in Christian churches worldwide consists of a cup-shaped metal resonator with a pivoted clapper hanging inside which strikes the sides when the bell is swung . It is hung within a steeple or belltower of a church or religious building , so the sound can reach a wide area . Such bells are either fixed in position ( hung dead ) or hung from a pivoted beam ( the headstock ) so they can swing to and fro . A rope hangs from a lever or wheel attached to the headstock , and when the bell ringer pulls on the rope the bell swings back and forth and the clapper hits the inside , sounding the bell . Bells that are hung dead are normally sounded by hitting the sound bow with a hammer or occasionally by a rope which pulls the internal clapper against the bell . A church may have a single bell , or a collection of bells which are tuned to a common scale . They may be stationary and chimed , rung randomly by swinging through a small arc , or swung through a full circle to enable the high degree of control of English change ringing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Life_and_Times_of_Grizzly_Adams", "text": "The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams is a 1974 independent feature film inspired by a 1972 historical fiction novella written by Charles E. Sellier Jr . The film 's popularity led to an NBC television series of the same name . The title character , played by Dan Haggerty , was loosely based on California mountain man James Grizzly Adams ( 1812-1860 ) . The film and TV series portrayed the fictional Grizzly Adams as a frontier woodsman who fled into the mountains after he was wrongly accused of murder . While struggling to survive , Adams saves an orphaned grizzly bear cub he adopts and names Ben . The bear , while growing to its huge adult size , becomes Adams ' closest companion . Consistently kind and gentle , Adams discovers and demonstrates an uncanny ability to gain the trust of most of the indigenous wildlife of the region , and he helps , sometimes rescues , takes in and tames many species . Originally a hunter , with his learned affection for wildlife Adams resolves never to harm another animal whenever possible . In the television series , Adams had two human friends , an old mountain man trader named Mad Jack played by Denver Pyle who was often featured with his mule ( Number Seven ) , and a Native American by the name of Nakoma played by Don Shanks . Adams , Mad Jack , and Nakoma helped myriad mountain visitors while protecting wildlife at the same time . NBC aired the series finale on February 21 , 1982 by way of a two-hour TV movie called The Capture of Grizzly Adams where a bounty hunter used Adams ' daughter , who was not seen or mentioned since the 1974 film , in a kidnap-extortion ploy to lure the fugitive mountain man back to civilization . In the end Adams proves his innocence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sangre_Chicana", "text": "Sangre Chicana ( Spanish for Chicano Blood ) is the ring name of Mexican professional wrestler retired Andrés Durán Reyes ( born November 30 , 1951 ) . Reyes made his professional wrestling debut in 1973 , wearing a red mask with a gold stripe , under the name Lemus . A year later he changed his name to Sangre Chicana but kept the mask with the golden stripe . He rose to prominence in a feud with El Cobarde and Fishman that led to a Lucha de Apuesta , mask vs. mask match where Reyes lost his mask . Reyes is one of the very few wrestlers to work for both Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre ( EMLL ) ( now known as Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) ) and Francisco Flores ' promotion Toreo Cuatro Caminos Independents . Over the years the Chicana family grew , as Lemus I debuted in the 1980s using Reyes original mask , followed by Lemus II in the 1990s . In 2000 , Reyes ' sons Lemus Jr. and Sangre Chicana Jr. made their professional wrestling debuts followed by Sangre Imperial , Hijo de Sangre Chicana , and daughters Lady Chicana , Lluvia and La Hiedra"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sutterton", "text": "Sutterton is a village and rural parish in the Boston District of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the Civil Parish at the 2011 census was 1,585 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pahang_FA", "text": "Pahang Football Club ( Malay : Kelab Bolasepak Pahang ) is a Malaysian professional football club based in Kuantan , Pahang . The association was found in 1959 to represent the state itself and has traditionally worn a yellow home kit since . In the beginning , their early home matches were held around the city public fields and outside Kuantan , predominantly around districts of Pahang . The lowest point of the club was in 2012 , as they association had been relegated to the Liga Premier . With the collective morale support from the players and the fans , Pahang FA came back from the abyss to the Liga Super in 2013 after winning the play-off match against Kedah FA , just one season after being relegated . Pahang FA nominated Abdul Azim to challenge Hamidin Amin for the FAM Presidency , as reported in a FOX Sports Asia article ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blackhall_Gaels_GAA", "text": "Blackhall Gaels is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the Parish of Kilcloon . The parish consists of the main townlands of Batterstown , Mulhussey and Kilcloon near the town of Dunboyne , in County Meath . The club plays hurling and football in Meath GAA competitions . The club grounds are located in Batterstown and Kilcloon , and training and matches take place in both these locations on a daily basis . Blackhall Gaels are a young team and currently compete at senior level . Players are usually graduates of the local primary schools : Scoil Naisiúnta Naomh Iosaif , Mulhussey ; Scoil Oilibhéar Naofa , Kilcloon , and Rathregan NS in Batterstown . The club won the Meath Senior Football Championship in 2003 after beating Simonstown Gaels in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_Broadcasting_Corporation", "text": "The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( French : Société Radio-Canada ) , branded as CBC/Radio-Canada , is a Canadian federal Crown corporation that serves as the national public broadcaster for both radio and television . The English- and French-language service units of the corporation are commonly known as CBC and Radio-Canada , respectively . Although some local stations in Canada predate the CBC 's founding , CBC is the oldest existing broadcasting network in Canada . The CBC was established on November 2 , 1936 . The CBC operates four terrestrial radio networks : The English-Language CBC Radio One and CBC Music , and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Première and Ici Musique . ( International radio service Radio Canada International historically transmitted via shortwave radio , but since 2012 its content is only available as podcasts on its website . ) The CBC also operates two terrestrial television networks , the English-Language CBC Television and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Télé , along with the satellite/cable networks CBC News Network , Ici RDI , Ici Explora , Documentary Channel ( part ownership ) , and Ici ARTV . The CBC operates services for the Canadian Arctic under the names CBC North and Radio-Canada Nord . The CBC also operates digital services including CBC.ca/Ici.Radio-Canada.ca , CBC Radio 3 , CBC Music/ICI.mu and Ici.TOU.TV , and owns 20.2% of satellite radio broadcaster Sirius XM Canada , which carries several CBC-produced audio channels . CBC/Radio-Canada offers programming in English , French and eight aboriginal languages on its domestic radio service , and in five languages on its web-based international radio service , Radio Canada International ( RCI ) . However , budget cuts in the early 2010s have contributed to the corporation reducing its service via the airwaves , discontinuing RCI 's shortwave broadcasts as well as terrestrial television broadcasts in all communities served by network-owned rebroadcast transmitters , including communities not subject to Canada 's over-the-air digital television transition . CBC 's federal funding is supplemented by revenue from commercial advertising on its television broadcasts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Bruins", "text": "The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team has been in existence since 1924 , and is the league 's third-oldest team overall and the oldest in the United States . It is also an Original Six franchise , along with the Chicago Blackhawks , Detroit Red Wings , Montreal Canadiens , New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs . The Bruins have won six Stanley Cup championships , tied for fourth most of all-time with the Blackhawks and tied second-most of any American NHL team also with the Blackhawks ( behind the Red Wings , who have 11 ) . The first facility to host the Bruins was the Boston Arena ( today 's Matthews Arena ) - the world 's oldest ( built 1909-10 ) indoor ice hockey facility still in use for the sport at any level of competition - and following the Bruins ' departure from the Boston Arena , the team played its home games at the Boston Garden for 67 seasons , beginning in 1928 and concluding in 1995 , when they moved to the TD Garden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Accrington_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Accrington was a parliamentary constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1983 . It elected one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first-past-the-post system of election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Football_West_State_League_Division_1", "text": "The Football West State League Division 1 is a regional Australian semi-professional association football league comprising teams from Western Australia . The league sits at Level 2 on the Western Australian league system ( Level 3 of the overall Australian league system ) . The competition is administered by Football West , the governing body of the sport in the state . The league has been officially called the All Flags State League Division 1 due to sponsorship arrangements since 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Progressive_Conservative_Party", "text": "The Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan is a right-of-centre political party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . Prior to 1942 , it was known as the Conservative Party of Saskatchewan . Members are commonly known as Tories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ActiveState_Komodo", "text": "Komodo Edit is a free and open source text editor for dynamic programming languages . It was introduced in January 2007 to complement ActiveState 's commercial Komodo IDE . As of version 4.3 , Komodo Edit is built atop the Open Komodo project ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isidro_Ayora_Canton", "text": "Isidro Ayora Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of Isidro Ayora . Its population at the 2001 census was 8,226 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Davao_del_Sur", "text": "Davao del Sur ( Cebuano : Habagatang Dabaw ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao . Its capital and largest city is Digos . The province is bounded by Davao del Norte to the north ; Davao Occidental to the south-east ; North Cotabato and Sultan Kudarat to the west ; South Cotabato and Sarangani to the south-west ; and the Davao Gulf to the east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweetwater_(2013_film)", "text": "Sweetwater ( released as Sweet Vengeance in the UK , Australia and New Zealand ) is a 2013 American western-thriller film directed by Logan Miller and co-written with Andrew McKenzie and Noah Miller . The film stars Ed Harris , January Jones , Jason Isaacs , Eduardo Noriega , Stephen Root and Jason Aldean ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kasamh_Se", "text": "Kasamh Se ( International Title : The Promise ) is an Indian soap opera produced by Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms . The show aired on Zee TV from 16 January 2006 to 12 March 2009 . The story is about three sisters - Bani , Piya and Rano ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flight_simulator", "text": "A flight simulator is a device that artificially re-creates aircraft flight and the environment in which it flies , for pilot training , design , or other purposes . It includes replicating the equations that govern how aircraft fly , how they react to applications of flight controls , the effects of other aircraft systems , and how the aircraft reacts to external factors such as air density , turbulence , wind shear , cloud , precipitation , etc . Flight simulation is used for a variety of reasons , including flight training ( mainly of pilots ) , the design and development of the aircraft itself , and research into aircraft characteristics and control handling qualities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowie_Lam", "text": "Bowie Lam ( Chinese : 林保怡 , Lam Bo-yee ; born 4 September 1965 ) is an Hong Kong actor with the TVB network . He has starred in several popular dramas including File of Justice and Healing Hands . Before working in entertainment , Lam held other occupations , including serving in the Hong Kong Police Force for a short time . He made his acting debut in 1986 in Kiss Me Goodbye and his singing debut in 1989 . Lam 's acting career took off after joining the major television network TVB in 1991 . His first project was a supporting role in the 1992 drama The Greed of Man , which starred Sean Lau , Vivian Chow , Adam Cheng , and Amy Kwok . The Greed of Man as of 2011 remained one of TVB 's highest-rated dramas . After The Greed of Man , Lam was featured in TVB dramas Files of Justice ( 1994-1997 ) , Untraceable Evidence ( 1997 and 1999 ) , and Healing Hands ( 1998 , 2000 , and 2005 ) . His major break-out role is considered the 2004 War and Beauty , which was a huge success in Hong Kong and China ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susana_Baca", "text": "Susana Esther Baca de la Colina ( Spanish pronunciation : [ suˈsana ˈβaka ] ; born 24 May 1944 in Chorrillos , Lima Province , Peru ) is a prominent Peruvian singer-songwriter , school teacher , folklorist , ethnomusicologist and two-times Latin Grammy Award winner . She has been a key figure in the revival of Afro-Peruvian music . In July 2011 , she was named Peru 's Minister of Culture in the Ollanta Humala government , becoming the second Afro-Peruvian cabinet minister in the history of independent Peru . In November 2011 she was elected to the Organization of American States ( OAS ) as the President of the Commission of Culture for the period 2011-13 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Ittihad_(Wad_Medani)", "text": "Al-Ittihad Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الاتحاد الرياضي ) also known as Ittihad Wad Madani is a Sudanese football club based in Wad Madani . They played in the top division in Sudanese football , Sudan Premier League . Their home stadium is Stade Wad Medani . Their rival is Ahli Madani , a team which is in the same city as Itthad Madani . The derby in Madani is called Madani Derby , which is one of the biggest derby in Sudan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Idaho_Territory", "text": "The Territory of Idaho was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 3 , 1863 , until July 3 , 1890 , when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as Idaho ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Back_in_Black", "text": "Back in Black is the seventh studio album by Australian rock band AC/DC . It was released on 25 July 1980 by Albert Productions and Atlantic Records . It is the band 's first album to feature vocalist Brian Johnson , following the death of previous vocalist Bon Scott . After the commercial breakthrough of their 1979 album Highway to Hell , AC/DC was planning to record a follow-up , but in February 1980 , Scott died from alcohol poisoning after a drinking binge . Instead of disbanding , they decided to continue on and recruited Johnson , who was previously vocalist for Geordie . The album was composed by Johnson , Angus and Malcolm Young , and recorded over seven weeks in the Bahamas from April to May 1980 with producer Robert John Mutt Lange , who had worked on their previous album . Following its completion , the group mixed Back in Black at Electric Lady Studios in New York City . The album 's all-black cover was designed as a sign of mourning for Scott . As their sixth international studio release , Back in Black was an unprecedented success . It has sold an estimated 50 million copies worldwide . It is one of the best-selling albums in music history . The band supported the album with a yearlong world tour , cementing them among the most popular music acts of the early 1980s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Collingdale,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Collingdale is a borough in Delaware County , Pennsylvania , United States . The population was 8,786 , at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBCS-FM", "text": "CBCS-FM is a Canadian radio station . It is the CBC Radio One station in Sudbury , Ontario , broadcasting at 99.9 FM , and serves all of Northeastern Ontario through its network of relay transmitters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird", "text": "To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 . Instantly successful , widely read in high schools and middle schools in the United States , it has become a classic of modern American literature , winning the Pulitzer Prize . The plot and characters are loosely based on Lee 's observations of her family , her neighbors and an event that occurred near her hometown of Monroeville , Alabama , in 1936 , when she was ten . Despite dealing with the serious issues of rape and racial inequality , the novel is renowned for its warmth and humor . Atticus Finch , the narrator 's father , has served as a moral hero for many readers and as a model of integrity for lawyers . The historian J. Crespino explains , In the twentieth century , To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most widely read book dealing with race in America , and its main character , Atticus Finch , the most enduring fictional image of racial heroism . As a Southern Gothic and Bildungsroman novel , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence . Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class , courage , compassion , and gender roles in the Deep South . The book is widely taught in schools in the United States with lessons that emphasize tolerance and decry prejudice . Despite its themes , To Kill a Mockingbird has been subject to campaigns for removal from public classrooms , often challenged for its use of racial epithets . Reaction to the novel varied widely upon publication . Despite the number of copies sold and its widespread use in education , literary analysis of it is sparse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Platte,_South_Dakota", "text": "Platte is a city in Charles Mix County , South Dakota , United States . The population was 1,230 at the 2010 census . The community is named after the Platte Creek , a tributary of the Missouri River reservoir Lake Francis Case . Platte is located 15 miles east of the lake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leckhampstead,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Leckhampstead is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England . It is near the boundary with Northamptonshire , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) north east of Buckingham , and west of Milton Keynes . The village is on the River Leck , a tributary of the River Great Ouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OpenSolaris", "text": "OpenSolaris ( /ˌoʊpən səˈlɑːrɪs/ ) is a discontinued , open source computer operating system based on Solaris created by Sun Microsystems . It was also the name of the project initiated by Sun to build a developer and user community around the software . After the acquisition of Sun Microsystems in 2010 , Oracle decided to discontinue open development of the core software , and replaced the OpenSolaris distribution model with the proprietary Solaris Express . Prior to Oracle 's moving of core development behind closed doors , a group of former OpenSolaris developers decided to fork the core software under the name OpenIndiana . The OpenIndiana project , a part of the illumos Foundation , aims to continue the development and distribution of the OpenSolaris codebase . Since then many more illumos distributions are available for use , continuing development in open or offering support . OpenSolaris is a descendant of the UNIX System V Release 4 ( SVR4 ) code base developed by Sun and AT & T in the late 1980s . It is the only version of the System V variant of UNIX available as open source . OpenSolaris was developed as a combination of several software consolidations that were open sourced subsequent to Solaris 10 . It includes a variety of free software , including popular desktop and server software . On Friday , August 13 , 2010 , details started to emerge relating to the discontinuation of the OpenSolaris project and the pending release of a new closed-source , proprietary version of Solaris , Solaris 11 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1964–65_NHL_season", "text": "The 1964-65 NHL season was the 48th season of the National Hockey League . Six teams each played 70 games . Jean Beliveau was the winner of the newly introduced Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player during the playoffs . The Montreal Canadiens won their first Stanley Cup since 1960 as they were victorious over the Chicago Black Hawks in a seven-game final series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elements_Mall", "text": "Elements Mall , also known as MSR Regaliaa Elements Mall , is a shopping mall in Nagavara , Bangalore developed by Karnani Group . The mall has several shopping stores , dining centres and a seven-screen PVR multiplex . It is located close to Manyata Tech Park . On the Thanisandra main road which connects to the signal below the Nagavara flyover ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Extra-vehicular_activity", "text": "Extravehicular activity ( EVA ) is any activity done by an astronaut or cosmonaut outside a spacecraft beyond the Earth 's appreciable atmosphere . The term most commonly applies to a spacewalk made outside a craft orbiting Earth ( such as the International Space Station ) . On March 18 , 1965 , Alexei Leonov became the first human to perform a spacewalk , exiting the capsule during the Voskhod 2 mission for 12 minutes and 9 seconds . The term also applied to lunar surface exploration ( commonly known as moonwalks ) performed by six pairs of American astronauts in the Apollo program from 1969 to 1972 . On July 21 , 1969 , Neil Armstrong became the first human to perform a moonwalk , outside his lunar lander on Apollo 11 for 2 hours and 31 minutes . On the last three Moon missions astronauts also performed deep-space EVAs on the return to Earth , to retrieve film canisters from the outside of the spacecraft . Astronauts Pete Conrad , Joseph Kerwin , and Paul Weitz also used EVA in 1973 to repair launch damage to Skylab , the United States ' first space station . A Stand-up EVA ( SEVA ) is when an astronaut does not fully leave a spacecraft , but is completely reliant on the spacesuit for environmental support . Its name derives from the astronaut standing up in the open hatch , usually to record or assist a spacewalking astronaut . EVAs may be either tethered ( the astronaut is connected to the spacecraft ; oxygen and electrical power can be supplied through an umbilical cable ; no propulsion is needed to return to the spacecraft ) , or untethered . Untethered spacewalks were only performed on three missions in 1984 using the Manned Maneuvering Unit ( MMU ) , and on a flight test in 1994 of the Simplified Aid For EVA Rescue ( SAFER ) , a safety device worn on tethered U.S. EVAs . The Soviet Union/Russia , the United States , and China have conducted EVAs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alban_Préaubert", "text": "Alban Préaubert ( born 20 September 1985 ) is a French former competitive figure skater . He won six ISU Grand Prix medals and five French national bronze medals ( 2006 , 2008-11 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ingo_Friedrich", "text": "Ingo Friedrich ( born 24 January 1942 in Kutno-Wartheland ) is a former German ( Bavarian ) Member of the European Parliament . He was elected on the CSU ticket and sits with the EPP-ED Group . Friedrich holds a University degree in Economics . He was a member of Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district council ( 1972-1996 ) and was the head of the CSU delegation to the European Parliament between 1992 and 1999 . He has been awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit , and the Federal Cross of Merit , first class . From July 2004 to January 2007 Friedrich was one of the 14 Vice-Presidents of the European Parliament . From October 2002 , he holds the position of Treasurer of the European People 's Party ( EPP ) . On 16 January 2007 he was elected one of the 6 Quaestors of the European Parliament . Since September 2009 he has been President of the European Economic Senate . On 20 February 2013 Friedrich became Honorary Member of SME Europe , the pro-business organization within the European People 's Party , which aims at improving the situation of small and medium-sized enterprises all across Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Timurid_Empire", "text": "The Timurid Empire ( Persian : تیموریان , Timuriyān ) , self-designated as Gurkani ( Persian : گورکانیان , Gurkāniyān meaning son-in-law of Genghisids ) , was a Persianate Turco-Mongol empire comprising modern-day Uzbekistan , Iran , the southern Caucasus , Mesopotamia , Afghanistan , much of Central Asia , as well as parts of contemporary India , Pakistan , Syria and Turkey . The empire was founded by Timur ( also known as Tamerlane ) , a warlord of Turco-Mongol lineage , who established the empire between 1370 and his death in 1405 . He envisioned himself as the great restorer of the Mongol Empire of Genghis Khan , regarded himself as Genghis 's heir , and associated much with the Borjigin . Indeed Timur continued vigorous trade relations with Ming China and the Golden Horde , with Chinese diplomats like Ma Huan and Chen Cheng regularly traveling west to Samarkand to collect tribute and sell goods , continuing Mongol empire tradition . In 1467 , the ruling Timurid dynasty , or Timurids , lost most of Persia to Azerbaijanis and the Aq Qoyunlu confederation . But members of the Timurid dynasty continued to rule smaller states , sometimes known as Timurid emirates , in Central Asia and parts of India . In the 16th century , Babur , a Timurid prince from Ferghana ( modern Uzbekistan ) , invaded Kabulistan ( modern Afghanistan ) and established a small kingdom there , and from there 20 years later he invaded India to establish the Mughal Empire . Babur also claimed descent from Genghis Khan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grim_Fandango", "text": "Grim Fandango is a 1998 adventure game directed by Tim Schafer and developed and published by LucasArts for Microsoft Windows . It is the first adventure game by LucasArts to use 3D computer graphics overlaid on pre-rendered static backgrounds . As with other LucasArts adventure games , the player must converse with characters and examine , collect , and use objects to solve puzzles . Grim Fandango is set in the Land of the Dead , through which recently departed souls , represented as calaca-like figures , travel before they reach their final destination . The story follows travel agent Manuel Manny Calavera as he attempts to save new arrival Mercedes Meche Colomar , a virtuous soul , on her journey . The game combines elements of the Aztec belief of afterlife with film noir style , with influences including The Maltese Falcon , On the Waterfront and Casablanca . Grim Fandango received praise for its art design and direction . It was selected for several awards and is often listed as one of the greatest video games of all time . However , it was a commercial failure and contributed towards LucasArts ' decision to end adventure game development and the decline of the adventure game genre . In 2014 , with help from Sony , Schafer 's studio Double Fine Productions acquired the Grim Fandango license following Disney 's acquisition and closure of LucasArts the previous year . In January 2015 , Double Fine released a remastered version of the game , featuring improved character graphics , controls ( including point and click ) , an orchestrated score , and directors ' commentary . It was initially released for Windows , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation Vita , OS X , and Linux platforms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tō-ji", "text": "Tō-ji ( 東寺 , Tō-ji ) is a Shingon Buddhist temple in the Minami-ku ward of Kyoto , Japan . Founded in 796 , it was one of the only three Buddhist temples allowed in the city at the time it became the capital of Japan . As such it has a long history , housing treasures and documents from the early Heian period and the Tang dynasty , and with buildings in its complex covering the Kamakura , Muromachi , Momoyama , and Edo periods . Five of these buildings have been designated National Treasures in two different categories : the Lotus Flower Gate ( rengemon ) , the Miei Hall ( mieidō ) , the Golden Hall ( kondō ) and the five-storied Pagoda ( gojūnotō ) ( temple buildings ) and the Kanchiin Guest Hall ( kanchiin kyakuden ) ( residences ) . Tō-ji was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994 , as part of the Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_Stackhouse", "text": "Jerry Darnell Stackhouse ( born November 5 , 1974 ) is an American basketball coach and retired professional basketball player . He is currently the head coach of the Vanderbilt Commodores , and he played 18 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He formerly was the head coach of Raptors 905 and an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors and Memphis Grizzlies . Additionally , he has worked as an NBA TV analyst . Stackhouse played college basketball at North Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maracay", "text": "Maracay ( Spanish pronunciation : [ maɾaˈkai̯ ] ) is a city in north-central Venezuela , near the Caribbean coast , and is the capital and most important city of the state of Aragua . Most of it falls under the jurisdiction of Girardot Municipality . The population of Maracay and its surroundings in the 2011 census was 955,362 . In Venezuela , Maracay is known as Ciudad Jardín ( Garden City ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Kansas_City_Royals_season", "text": "The Kansas City Royals ' season of 2013 was the 45th for the Royals franchise which began on April 1 , 2013 against the Chicago White Sox . After a winning record in spring training ( setting a team and MLB record ) , the Royals remained over .500 nearly most of April during regular season play . The team also did n't commit an error in their first seven games ( for 64 2/3 innings ) for the first time in team history . On September 22 , the Royals won their 82nd game of the season , to clinch their 2nd winning season since 1994 and first since 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Hunt", "text": "James Simon Wallis Hunt ( 29 August 1947 - 15 June 1993 ) was a British racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship in 1976 . After retiring from racing in 1979 , Hunt became a media commentator and businessman . Beginning his racing career in touring car racing , Hunt progressed into Formula Three , where he attracted the attention of the Hesketh Racing team and soon came under their wing . Hunt 's often reckless and action-packed exploits on track earned him the nickname Hunt the Shunt ( shunt , as a British motor-racing term , means crash ) . Hunt entered Formula One in 1973 , driving a March 731 entered by the Hesketh Racing team . He went on to win for Hesketh , driving their own Hesketh 308 car , in both World Championship and non-championship races , before joining the McLaren team at the end of 1975 . In his first year with McLaren , Hunt won the 1976 World Drivers ' Championship , and he remained with the team for a further two years , although with less success , before moving to the Wolf team in early 1979 . Following a string of races in which he failed to finish , Hunt retired from driving halfway through the 1979 season . After retiring from motor racing , he established a career commenting on Grands Prix for the BBC . He died from a heart attack aged 45 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Highway_682", "text": "Highway 682 is a highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . It runs from Highway 41 near Meskanaw to the southern terminal of the Weldon Ferry across the South Saskatchewan River , which connects to Highway 302 . Highway 682 is about 60 km ( 37 mi . ) long . Highway 682 also passes near the communities of Kinistino and Weldon . It connects with Highways 3 and 778 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Liberal_Party", "text": "The Saskatchewan Liberal Party is a centre political party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . It was originally the provincial affiliate of the Liberal Party of Canada and one of the two largest parties in the province , before being eclipsed by the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan and , later , the Saskatchewan Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York's_11th_congressional_district", "text": "New York 's 11th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in New York City . The 11th district includes all of Staten Island and parts of southern Brooklyn , including the neighborhoods of Bay Ridge , Bath Beach , Dyker Heights , south western Gravesend , western Sheepshead Bay , and parts of southern Bensonhurst . Politically , it is the most conservative district in New York City , the only district in the city which leans towards the Republican Party in national elections , and until 2018 , it was the only district covering part of the city to be represented by a Republican . Following the 2018 election , the Republicans were left without House representation in New York City for only the second time since the 1930s . The district has significant Italian-American , Jewish , Irish-American , and Russian-American , populations . From 2003 to 2013 , the 11th district was located entirely in Brooklyn and had a majority African-American population . Most of the territory located within the old 11th district is now located in New York 's 9th congressional district . Prior to 2013 , most of the territory currently located in the 11th district had been located in New York 's 13th congressional district . The 11th district was the subject of The Colbert Report 's Better Know a District segment on December 15 , 2005 and September 4 , 2012 . The 11th District is currently represented by Democrat Max Rose ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sue_Bird", "text": "Suzanne Brigit Bird ( born October 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . Bird was drafted by the Storm first overall in the 2002 WNBA Draft . She holds a front office position for the NBA 's Denver Nuggets as their Basketball Operations Associate . She has also played for three teams in Russia . In high school , she was the New York State Player of the Year , the New York Daily News Player of the Year , and a WBCA All-American . In her senior year at undefeated UConn in 2002 , she won the Wade Trophy and the Naismith Award as College Player of the Year . She finished her UConn career ranked first in three-point field goal percentage and free throw percentage , second in assists and steals , and as a three-time winner of the Nancy Lieberman Award as the top point guard in the nation , while leading her team to a record of 114-4 . Bird has won three WNBA championships with the Storm ( 2004 , 2010 , 2018 ) , four Olympic gold medals ( 2004 , 2008 , 2012 , 2016 ) , two NCAA Championships with UConn ( 2000 , 2002 ) , and four FIBA World Cups ( 2002 , 2010 , 2014 , 2018 ) . She is one of only 11 women to attain all four accolades . She is also a five-time EuroLeague Champion ( 2007-2010 , 2013 ) . During her WNBA career , she has been selected to eleven WNBA All-Star teams and eight All-WNBA teams . Additionally , in 2011 , she was voted by fans as one of the WNBA 's Top 15 Players of All Time and was voted into the WNBA Top 20 @ 20 as one of the league 's Top 20 Players of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dragon's_Prophet", "text": "Dragon 's Prophet is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by Taiwanese developer Runewaker Entertainment . After going through an open beta phase , the game was officially launched in September 2013 . The game client is free to download , and no monthly subscription fee is required as the service is funded by real money transactions . On October 2 , 2015 the developers announced plans to close the North American servers on November 16 . The European servers are open and receive updates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenny_Wayne_Shepherd", "text": "Kenny Wayne Shepherd ( born Kenny Wayne Brobst ; June 12 , 1977 ) is an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter . He has released several studio albums and experienced significant commercial success as a blues artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Davison", "text": "Bruce Davison ( born June 28 , 1946 ) is an American actor and director of television , film , and theater . Davison is well known for his starring role as Willard Stiles in the cult horror films Willard ( 1971 ) , Ben ( 1972 ) and Willard ( 2003 ) , as well as his Academy Award-nominated and Golden Globe-winning performance in Longtime Companion ( 1989 ) , and as Thomas Semmes in the HBO original movie Vendetta . He featured prominently in the X-Men film franchise - through X-Men ( 2000 ) and X2 ( 2003 ) - as antagonist Senator Robert Kelly . More recently , Davison appeared in Fred Schepisi 's Words and Pictures ( 2013 ) , had a recurring role on The Fosters ( 2015-2016 ) and shares the screen with Miles Teller and Anna Kendrick in Get a Job ( 2016 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mircea_Brînzea", "text": "Mircea Brînzea ( born January 25 , 1986 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast . He won three world championships medals ( two gold and one silver ) and seven European medals ( four gold , two silver and one bronze ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eva_Samková", "text": "Eva Samková ( born 28 April 1993 ) is a Czech snowboarder who is the 2014 Olympic champion in snowboard cross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1942_NFL_season", "text": "The 1942 NFL season was the 23rd regular season of the National Football League . Before the season , many players left for service in World War II , thus depleting the rosters of all the teams . The Chicago Bears finished the regular season at 11-0 , and faced the 10-1 Washington Redskins in the championship game . Washington , which had been beaten 73-0 in the 1940 title game , got a measure of revenge in spoiling the Bears ' hope for a perfect season , winning 14-6 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_College_of_Healthcare_Sciences", "text": "The American College of Healthcare Sciences ( ACHS ) is a for-profit online college based in Portland , Oregon that specializes in online holistic health distance education , founded in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_Walsh", "text": "Edward Augustine Big Ed Walsh ( May 14 , 1881 - May 26 , 1959 ) was an American pitcher and manager in Major League Baseball . From 1906 to 1912 , he had several seasons where he was one of the best pitchers in baseball . Injuries shortened his career . Walsh holds the record for lowest career earned run average , 1.82 . He is one of two modern ( post-1901 ) pitchers to win 40 or more games in a single season . He is the last pitcher from any team to throw more than 400 innings in a single season , a feat that he most recently accomplished in 1908 . He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1946 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/T3_Arena", "text": "Umeå Energi Arena , formerly known as T3 Arena and Gammliavallen , is a multi-purpose stadium in Umeå , Sweden . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Umeå IK , Umeå FC and Team TG FF . The stadium holds 10,000 people . The name was changed to T3 Arena in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anton_Sikharulidze", "text": "Anton Tarielyevich Sikharulidze ( Russian : Антон Тариэльевич Сихарулидзе , born 25 October 1976 ) is a Russian former pair skater . With Elena Berezhnaya , he is the 1998 and 1999 World champion , 1998 Olympic silver medalist and 2002 Olympic champion . His first partner was Maria Petrova , with whom he became the 1994 and 1995 World Junior Champion . He began competing with Berezhnaya in 1996 after helping her recover from an accident with her previous partner . Within two years of the accident , Berezhnaya and Sikharulidze had established themselves as one of the best pair teams in the world . During their competitive career , they were coached by Tamara Moskvina at the Yubileyny Sports Palace in Saint Petersburg , Russia , and the Ice House in Hackensack , New Jersey . Their Olympic gold medals are shared with Canadian pair Jamie Salé and David Pelletier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Musa_Aman", "text": "Musa Bin Haji Aman ( born 30 March 1951 ) is the 14th and former Chief Minister of the state of Sabah in Malaysia , in office since March 2003 until May 2018 . He was also the Sabah finance minister , the chairman of United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) for Sabah , and the older half brother of Anifah Aman , former Foreign Minister of Malaysia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Soprano", "text": "Anthony John Soprano ( born 1959 ) is a fictional character and the protagonist in the HBO television drama series The Sopranos ( 1999-2007 ) , portrayed by James Gandolfini . Usually referred to as Tony , the Italian-American character was conceived by The Sopranos creator and showrunner David Chase , who was also largely responsible for the character 's story arc throughout the show 's six seasons . The character is loosely based on real-life New Jersey mobster Vincent Vinny Ocean Palermo , a former caporegime ( capo ) and de facto boss of the DeCavalcante crime family . Bobby Boriello and Mark Damiano II portrayed Soprano as a child in one episode each ; Danny Petrillo played the character as a teenager in three episodes . In the first season , Tony is a capo in the DiMeo crime family . Between the first and second seasons , he is promoted to street boss , a position he retains until the sixth season ; his uncle Corrado Junior Soprano is the official boss up until early in the sixth season , but has little or no actual power . Throughout the series , Tony struggles to balance the conflicting needs of his actual familywife Carmela , daughter Meadow , son A. J. , and mother Liviawith those of the Mafia family he controls . He often displays behavior traits characteristic of a violent sociopath , struggles with depression and is prone to panic attacks . He seeks treatment from Dr. Jennifer Melfi in the first episode and remains in therapy on and off up until the penultimate episode of the series . Both the Tony Soprano character and Gandolfini 's performance garnered widespread critical acclaim , with Soprano being often cited as one of the greatest and most influential characters in television history . Gandolfini , for his portrayal of the character , won three Emmy Awards for Best Lead Actor in a Drama Series , three Screen Actors Guild Awards for Best Male Actor in a Drama Series and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Television Series Drama as well as two additional SAG Awards for Best Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dalseong", "text": "Dalseong County ( Dalseong-gun ) is a gun occupying much of south and western Daegu , South Korea . A largely rural district lying along the Nakdong River , it makes up nearly half of Daegu 's total area . It is divided in half by a narrow piece of Dalseo-gu that reaches west to the river . Like the other local government units in South Korea , Dalseong-gun enjoys a moderate degree of local autonomy . The county magistrate and council are elected by the local citizens , although their authority is sharply curtailed . The seat of government is located in Nongong-eup . The current magistrate is Lee Jong-jin . Dalseong-gun enters historical records in 757 , as Daegu-hyeon , a subsidiary of Suchang-gun ( modern-day Suseong-gu ) . Dalseong-gun became part of Daegu Metropolitan City in 1995 , as part of a general reform of local governments . As the near hinterland of Daegu , Dalseong-gun is known as a center of truck farming and tourism . Landmarks of Dalseong-gun include Biseulsan and the Naengcheon resort area beneath Paljoryeong . The name Dalseong means Dal Castle , and comes from the earlier name of Daegu , Dalgubeol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-43", "text": "STS-43 , the ninth mission for Space Shuttle Atlantis , was a nine-day mission whose primary goal was launching the fourth Tracking and Data Relay Satellite , TDRS-E . The flight also tested an advanced heatpipe radiator for potential use on the then-future space station and conducted a variety of medical and materials science investigations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Blunt", "text": "James Hillier Blount ( born 22 February 1974 ) , better known by his stage name James Blunt , is an English singer-songwriter , record producer and former British Army officer . Blunt rose to fame in 2004 with the release of his debut album Back to Bedlam , achieving worldwide fame with the singles You 're Beautiful and Goodbye My Lover . The album has sold over 11 million copies worldwide , topping the UK Albums Chart and peaking at number two in the US . You 're Beautiful was number one in the UK , the US and a dozen other countries . Back to Bedlam was the best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK , and is one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history . Blunt has sold over 20 million records worldwide . He has received several awards , including two Brit Awards - winning Best British Male in 2006 - two MTV Video Music Awards and two Ivor Novello Awards , as well as receiving five Grammy Award nominations . Blunt was a reconnaissance officer in the Life Guards , a cavalry regiment of the British Army , and served under NATO in the Kosovo War in 1999 . He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate for Music in 2016 by the University of Bristol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/How_to_Get_Away_with_Murder", "text": "How to Get Away with Murder is an American legal thriller television series that premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2014 . The series was created by Peter Nowalk , and produced by Shonda Rhimes and ABC Studios . The series airs on ABC as part of a night of programming , all under Rhimes 's Shondaland production company . Viola Davis stars as Annalise Keating , a law professor at a prestigious Philadelphia university who , with five of her students , becomes entwined in a murder plot . The series features an ensemble cast with Alfred Enoch , Jack Falahee , Aja Naomi King , Matt McGorry , and Karla Souza as Keating 's students , Charlie Weber and Liza Weil as her employees , and Billy Brown as a detective with the Philadelphia Police Department , who is Annalise 's lover . From the third season onward , Conrad Ricamora was promoted to the main cast after recurring heavily in the first two seasons . For her portrayal , Davis has received critical acclaim ; she became the first black woman to win the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series , also winning two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series , and the Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series . Davis has also received nominations from the Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Television Series , the Critics ' Choice Awards for Best Actress in a Drama Series , and the Television Critics Association at the TCA Awards for Individual Achievement in Drama . Other cast members have also received recognition for their performances , with Enoch and King receiving nominations from the NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series at the 2014 NAACP Image Awards ceremony . The series also received a GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Drama Series . The fifth season premiered on September 27 , 2018 . In May 2019 , ABC renewed the series for a sixth season , which premiered on September 26 , 2019 , and will be its final season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Utuado,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Utuado ( Spanish pronunciation : [ uˈtwaðo ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in the central mountainous region of the island known as La Cordillera Central . It is located north of Adjuntas and Ponce ; south of Hatillo and Arecibo ; east of Lares ; and west of Ciales and Jayuya . In land area it is the third-largest municipality in Puerto Rico ( after Arecibo and Ponce ) . According to the 2000 US Census , the city has a population of 35,336 spread over 24 wards and Utuado Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . The name Utuado derives from the Taíno word Otoao , meaning between mountains . The municipality is known as La Ciudad del Viví meaning The City of the Viví , derived from the Viví River which runs through Utuado : one river branch comes from Adjuntas and the other from Jayuya . These two rivers then meet near the Fernando L. Ribas Dominicci Avenue and continue the journey to Lago Dos Bocas . Utuado is the main city of the Utuado micropolitan statistical area and is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Fajardo Combined Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Budapest", "text": "Budapest ( /ˈbuːdəpɛst/ , Hungarian pronunciation : [ ˈbudɒpɛʃt ] ) is the capital and the most populous city of Hungary , and the ninth-largest city in the European Union by population within city limits . The city has an estimated population of 1,752,286 over a land area of about 525 square kilometres ( 203 square miles ) . Budapest is both a city and county , and forms the centre of the Budapest metropolitan area , which has an area of 7,626 square kilometres ( 2,944 square miles ) and a population of 3,303,786 , comprising 33% of the population of Hungary . The history of Budapest began when an early Celtic settlement transformed into the Roman town of Aquincum , the capital of Lower Pannonia . The Hungarians arrived in the territory in the late 9th century , but the area was pillaged by the Mongols in 1241-42 . Re-established Buda became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture by the 15th century . The Battle of Mohács , in 1526 , was followed by nearly 150 years of Ottoman rule . After the reconquest of Buda in 1686 , the region entered a new age of prosperity , with Pest-Buda becoming a global city after the unification of Buda , Óbuda , and Pest on 17 November 1873 , with the name 'Budapest ' given to the new capital . Budapest also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , a great power that dissolved in 1918 , following World War I . The city was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , the Battle of Budapest in 1945 , and the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 . Budapest is an Alpha − global city with strengths in commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment . It is Hungary 's financial centre and was ranked as the second fastest-developing urban economy in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hamilton,_Georgia", "text": "Hamilton is a city in , and the county seat of Harris County , Georgia , United States . It is part of the Columbus , Georgia-Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 1,016 at the 2010 census , up from 307 at the 2000 census . As of 2018 , the population had risen to an estimated 1,130 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Plata_County,_Colorado", "text": "La Plata County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2010 census , the population was 51,334 . The county seat is Durango . The county was named for the La Plata River and the La Plata Mountains . La plata means the silver in Spanish . La Plata County comprises the Durango , CO Micropolitan Statistical Area . The county is home to Durango Rock Shelters Archeology Site , the type site for the Basketmaker II period of Anasazi culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Teletubbies", "text": "Teletubbies is a British pre-school children 's television series created by Ragdoll Productions ' Anne Wood and Andrew Davenport . The programme focuses on four multi-coloured creatures known as Teletubbies , named after the television screens implanted in their abdomens . Recognised throughout popular culture for the uniquely shaped antenna protruding from the head of each character , the Teletubbies communicate through gibberish and were designed to bear resemblance to toddlers . The series rapidly became a commercial success in Britain and abroad . It won multiple BAFTA awards and was nominated for two Daytime Emmys throughout its run . A single based on the show 's theme song reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1997 and remained in the Top 75 for 32 weeks , selling over a million copies . By October 2000 , the franchise generated over £1 billion ( $ 1.61 billion ) in merchandise sales . Though the original run ended in 2001 , sixty new episodes were ordered in 2014 . They are currently aired on CBeebies in the United Kingdom and on Nick Jr. in the United States . Re-runs of the original 1997-2001 series continue to be shown on relevant television channels worldwide . The original series returned to live TV in the US on Pluto TV on 1 May 2019 but the episodes are shown in the UK format instead of the US which is where the Pluto TV service is based in . The same error occurred with the series ' availability on the NOGGIN app since 25 May 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moscow", "text": "Moscow ( /ˈmɒskoʊ/ , in US mainly : /ˈmɒskaʊ/ ; Russian : Москва , tr . Moskva , IPA : [ mɐˈskva ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with approximately 12.6 million residents within the city limits , 17 million within the urban area and 20 million within the metropolitan area . Moscow is one of Russia 's federal cities . Moscow is a major political , economic , cultural , and scientific centre of Russia and Eastern Europe . It is the second-most populous city in Europe , the most populous city entirely within Europe , as well as the largest city ( by area ) on the European continent . By broader definitions , Moscow is among the world 's largest cities , being the 24th largest metropolitan area , the 16th largest urban area , and the 10th largest by population within city limits worldwide . Moscow has been ranked as the ninth most expensive city in the world and has one of the world 's largest urban economies , being ranked as an alpha global city , and is also one of the fastest growing tourist destinations in the world . Moscow is home to the third-highest number of billionaires of any city in the world , and has the highest number of billionaires of any city in Europe . Moscow is the northernmost and coldest megacity on the Earth . It is home to the Ostankino Tower , the tallest free standing structure in Europe ; the Federation Tower , the second-tallest skyscraper in Europe ; and the Moscow International Business Center . Moscow is the largest city on the European continent by area . Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia , it is well known for its architecture , particularly its historic buildings such as Saint Basil 's Cathedral in Russian architectural style with a richly decorated and multicolored facade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alps", "text": "The Alps ( /ælps/ ; French : Alpes [ alp ] ; German : Alpen [ ˈalpn̩ ] ( listen ) ; Italian : Alpi [ ˈalpi ] ; Romansh : Alps ; Slovene : Alpe [ ˈáːlpɛ ] ) are the highest and most extensive mountain range system that lies entirely in Europe , [ note 1 ] and stretching approximately 1,200 kilometres ( 750 mi ) across eight Alpine countries ( from west to east ) : France , Switzerland , Monaco , Italy , Liechtenstein , Austria , Germany , and Slovenia . The mountains were formed over tens of millions of years as the African and Eurasian tectonic plates collided . Extreme shortening caused by the event resulted in marine sedimentary rocks rising by thrusting and folding into high mountain peaks such as Mont Blanc and the Matterhorn . Mont Blanc spans the French-Italian border , and at 4,810 m ( 15,781 ft ) is the highest mountain in the Alps . The Alpine region area contains about a hundred peaks higher than 4,000 metres ( 13,000 ft ) . The altitude and size of the range affects the climate in Europe ; in the mountains precipitation levels vary greatly and climatic conditions consist of distinct zones . Wildlife such as ibex live in the higher peaks to elevations of 3,400 m ( 11,155 ft ) , and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations . Evidence of human habitation in the Alps goes back to the Palaeolithic era . A mummified man , determined to be 5,000 years old , was discovered on a glacier at the Austrian-Italian border in 1991 . By the 6th century BC , the Celtic La Tène culture was well established . Hannibal famously crossed the Alps with a herd of elephants , and the Romans had settlements in the region . In 1800 , Napoleon crossed one of the mountain passes with an army of 40,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Utica,_Mississippi", "text": "Utica is a town in Hinds County , Mississippi , United States . The population was 820 at the 2010 census , down from 966 at the 2000 census . Utica is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delta—Richmond_East", "text": "Delta - Richmond East was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 until 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shetland", "text": "Shetland ( Scottish Gaelic : Sealtainn ) , also called the Shetland Islands and formerly Zetland , is a subarctic archipelago in the Northern Isles of Scotland , situated in the Northern Atlantic , between Great Britain , the Faroe Islands and Norway . The islands lie some 80 km ( 50 mi ) to the northeast of Orkney , 170 km ( 110 mi ) from the Scottish mainland and 300 km ( 190 mi ) west of Norway . They form part of the division between the Atlantic Ocean to the west and the North Sea to the east . The total area is 1,466 km2 ( 566 sq mi ) , and the population totalled 23,210 in 2011 . The islands comprise the Shetland constituency of the Scottish Parliament . The local authority , Shetland Islands Council , is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland . The islands ' administrative centre and only burgh is Lerwick , which has been the capital of Shetland since taking over from Scalloway in 1708 . The largest island , known as Mainland , has an area of 967 km2 ( 373 sq mi ) , making it the third-largest Scottish island and the fifth-largest of the British Isles . There are an additional 15 inhabited islands . The archipelago has an oceanic climate , a complex geology , a rugged coastline and many low , rolling hills . Humans have lived in Shetland since the Mesolithic period . The early historic period was dominated by Scandinavian influences , especially from Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Musashino,_Tokyo", "text": "Musashino ( 武蔵野市 , Musashino-shi ) is a city located in the western portion of Tokyo Metropolis , Japan . As of 1 February 2016 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 143,868 , and a population density of 13,090 persons per km² . Its total area is 10.98 square kilometres ( 4.24 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_NFL_season", "text": "The 2019 NFL season was the 100th season of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The season began on September 5 , 2019 with the NFL Kickoff Game , in which the Green Bay Packers defeated the Chicago Bears 10-3 . The season concluded with Super Bowl LIV , the league 's championship game on February 2 , 2020 , at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami , Florida between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Kansas City Chiefs and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion San Francisco 49ers . The Chiefs defeated the 49ers 31-20 to win their first Super Bowl since 1970 's Super Bowl IV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wolverton", "text": "Wolverton is a constituent town of Milton Keynes , England . It is located at the northern edge of Milton Keynes , between Stony Stratford and Newport Pagnell . It is the administrative seat of Wolverton and Greenleys civil parish . It is one of the places in historic Buckinghamshire that went into the foundation of Milton Keynes in 1967 . The village recorded in Domesday is known today as Old Wolverton but , because of peasant clearances in the early 17th century , only field markings remain of the medieval settlement . Modern Wolverton is a new settlement founded in the early 19th century as a railway town , with its centre relocated about 1 km ( 0.6 mi ) to the south-east . Today , Wolverton is a thriving focus for the northern edge of Milton Keynes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds are an American professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . They were a charter member of the American Association in 1882 and joined the NL in 1890 . The Reds played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993 , before joining the Central division in 1994 . They have won five World Series championships , nine NL pennants , one AA pennant , and 10 division titles . The team plays its home games at Great American Ball Park , which opened in 2003 replacing Riverfront Stadium . Bob Castellini has been chief executive officer since 2006 . From 1882 to 2019 , the Reds ' overall win-loss record is 10,599-10,393 ( a 0.505 winning percentage ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinchbeck,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Pinchbeck is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . The civil parish population was 5,153 at the 2001 census , increasing to 5,455 at the 2011 census . It is situated 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north from the centre of Spalding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tulsa_Golden_Hurricane", "text": "The Golden Hurricane are the athletic teams that represent The University of Tulsa . These teams are referred to as the Tulsa Golden Hurricane ( or variously as TU or Tulsa ) . Before adopting the name Golden Hurricane in 1922 , the University of Tulsa ( TU ) had many unofficial team nicknames including Kendallites ( from TU 's predecessor institution Henry Kendall College ) , Presbyterians ( from the university 's founding by the Presbyterian Church ) , Tulsans , Tigers , Orange and Black , and Yellow Jackets . The name Golden Tornadoes was chosen by TU football coach H.M. Archer ( 1922-24 ) based on new gold and black uniforms ( rather than the previous orange and black ) and a remark made during practice of the team roaring through opponents ( during a season when TU went undefeated , including wins over Texas A & M and the University of Arkansas ) . However , it was quickly discovered that the same name had been chosen in 1917 by Georgia Tech . Archer then substituted the term hurricane for tornado and a team vote prior to leaving for the game against Texas A & M confirmed the official nickname as Golden Hurricane ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cristian_Castro", "text": "Cristian Sáinz Valdés Castro ( born 8 December 1974 ) , known professionally as Cristian Castro or Cristian , is a Mexican pop singer . Known for his light tenor vocal range , Castro is regarded as one of the most skilled Hispanic pop singers of the last three decades . Juan Gabriel described Castro as the man with the most faculties to sing in Mexico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Saddle_Club", "text": "The Saddle Club is an Australian-Canadian children 's television series developed by Sarah Dodd , based on the books written by Bonnie Bryant . Like the book series , the scripted live action series follows the lives of three best friends in training to compete in equestrian competitions at the fictional Pine Hollow Stables , while dealing with problems in their personal lives . This series debuted in 2001 and ended in 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Broadcasting_Company", "text": "The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American commercial broadcast radio and television network owned by the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company . The network is headquartered in Burbank , California , on Riverside Drive , directly across the street from Walt Disney Studios and adjacent to the Roy E. Disney Animation Building . The network 's secondary offices , and headquarters of its news division , is in New York City , at its broadcast center at 77 West 66th Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . Since 2007 , when ABC Radio ( also known as Cumulus Media Networks ) was sold to Citadel Broadcasting , ABC has reduced its broadcasting operations almost exclusively to television . It is the fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks . ABC is nicknamed The Alphabet Network , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order . ABC launched as a radio network on October 12 , 1943 , serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network , which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble . It extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks CBS and NBC . In the mid-1950s , ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres , a chain of movie theaters that formerly operated as a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures . Leonard Goldenson , who had been the head of UPT , made the new television network profitable by helping develop and greenlight many successful series . In the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 percent interest in cable sports channel ESPN , the network 's corporate parent , American Broadcasting Companies , Inc. , merged with Capital Cities Communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . In 1996 , most of Capital Cities/ABC 's assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cork_United_F.C._(1940–1948)", "text": "Cork United Football Club was a League of Ireland club based in Cork from 1940 until 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1913_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1913 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fullback_(gridiron_football)", "text": "A fullback ( FB ) is a position known as the best position in the game of football , in the offensive backfield in gridiron football , and is one of the two running back positions along with the halfback . Typically , fullbacks are larger than halfback and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running , pass catching , and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back . Many great runners in the history of American football have been fullbacks , including Jim Brown , Marion Motley , Jim Taylor , Franco Harris , Larry Csonka , John Riggins , Christian Okoye , and Levi Jackson . However , many of these runners would retroactively be labeled as halfbacks , due to their position as the primary ball carrier ; they were primarily listed as fullbacks due to their size and did not often perform the run-blocking duties expected of modern fullbacks . Examples of players who have excelled at the hybrid running-blocking-pass catching role include Mike Alstott , Daryl Johnston , and Lorenzo Neal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sports_radio", "text": "Sports radio ( or sports talk radio ) is a radio format devoted entirely to discussion and broadcasting of sporting events . A widespread programming genre that has a narrow audience appeal , sports radio is characterized by an often-boisterous on-air style and extensive debate and analysis by both hosts and callers . Many sports talk stations also carry play-by-play ( live commentary ) of local sports teams as part of their regular programming . Hosted by Bill Mazer , the first sports talk radio show in history launched in March 1964 on New York 's WNBC ( AM ) . Soon after WNBC launched its program , in 1965 Seton Hall University 's radio station , WSOU , started Hall Line , a call-in sports radio talk show focusing on the team 's basketball program . Having celebrated its 50th anniversary on air during the 2015-2016 season , Hall Line , which broadcasts to central and northern New Jersey as well as all five boroughs of New York , is the oldest and longest running sports talk call-in show in the NY-NJ Metropolitan area , and is believed to be the oldest in the nation . Enterprise Radio Network became the first national all-sports network , operating out of Avon , Connecticut , from New Year 's Day 1981 through late September of that year before going out of business . ER had two channels , one for talk and a second for updates and play-by-play . ER 's talk lineup included current New York Yankees voice John Sterling , New York Mets radio host Ed Coleman and former big-league pitcher Bill Denehy . Sports talk is available in local , network and syndicated forms , is available in multiple languages , and is carried in multiple forms on both major North American satellite radio networks . In the United States , most sports talk-formatted radio stations air syndicated programming from ESPN Radio , SB Nation Radio , Sports Byline USA , Fox Sports Radio , CBS Sports Radio , or NBC Sports Radio , while in the Spanish language , ESPN Deportes Radio is the largest current network . In contrast , Canadian sports talk stations may carry a national brand ( such as TSN Radio or Sportsnet Radio ) but carry mostly local programming , with American-based shows filling in gaps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacramento_metropolitan_area", "text": "The Greater Sacramento area , or officially Sacramento-Roseville , CA Combined Statistical Area , is a combined statistical area consisting of several metropolitan statistical areas and seven counties in Northern California , namely Sacramento , Yolo , El Dorado , Placer , Sutter , Yuba , and Nevada counties . The metropolitan area experienced a growth of nearly 20% in the last decade . In the 2000 census , the Sacramento MSA had a population of 1,930,857 ( though a July 1 , 2016 estimate placed the population at 2,296,418 ) . It lies in the Central Valley and Sierra Nevada regions of California . Greater Sacramento is anchored by Sacramento , the political center of California , the nation 's most populous state with the largest number of representatives in the U.S. government , home of the California State Capitol and the secondary location of Supreme Court of California and was the original terminus for the First Transcontinental Railroad . Greater Sacramento also contains sites of natural beauty including Lake Tahoe , the largest alpine lake in North America and numerous ski and nature resorts . It is also located in one of the world 's most important agricultural areas . The region 's eastern counties are located in Gold Country , site of the California Gold Rush . Recently it has been one of the fastest-growing regions in the United States as Sacramento continues to emerge as a distinct metropolitan center in the United States as well as having cheaper housing for commuters from and to the nearby , more expensive , San Francisco Bay Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SSCV_Thialf", "text": "The SSCV Thialf is a semi-submersible crane vessel operated by Heerema Marine Contractors , and it was the largest crane vessel in the world until the SSCV Sleipnir became the largest in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sierra_Fisheries", "text": "Football Club Kallon commonly known as F.C . Kallon , formerly Sierra Fisheries , is a Sierra Leonean football club based in Freetown . The club is one of the top clubs in the Sierra Leone National Premier League and play their home games at the National Stadium in Freetown . The club founder and CEO is a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Mohamed Kallon and the Chairman is the astute shipping and maritime businessman and entrepreneur , Sahr William Ngegba . The club is coached by a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Amidu Karim and Charlie Wright . Musa Kallon , who is also the older brother of Mohamed Kallon is the Technical Director and the well respected icon in Sierra Leone football , Tunde Scott is the team 's General Manager and beside him , is Alhaji Kebe as the Team Manager ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ferron,_Utah", "text": "Ferron ( /ˈfɛrən/ FERR-ən ) is a city in western Emery County , Utah , United States . The population was 1,626 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Christy", "text": "Richard Joseph Dick Christy ( November 24 , 1935 - July 8 , 1966 ) was a collegiate and professional football player . At St. James High School , Christy was twice named 1st Team All-Scholastic by the Philadelphia Bulletin ( 1952 & 1953 ) . He also led St. James to the Philadelphia City Football Championship in 1953 . The 5 ft 11 in ( 1.80 m ) 191 lb ( 87 kg ) Christy was a star halfback at North Carolina State University ( NC State ) from 1955 to 1957 , leading them to the 1957 Atlantic Coast Conference championship in his senior year . With the league title on the line in the season 's final game , Dick Christy scored all 29 points in a 29-26 win over the University of South Carolina to clinch the championship for his Wolfpack . Christy scored the dramatic winning points on a field goal on the last play of the game . At the conclusion of the 1957 season , Christy was 1st team All-ACC and was an AP and UP 1st team All-American . He was also honored as the 1957 ACC Player of the Year in football and as the 1957-58 ACC Athlete of the Year for all sports . His number 40 jersey was retired in 1997 by NC State . Christy was selected in the third round of the 1958 NFL Draft ( 27th overall ) by the Green Bay Packers . Hobbled in the College All-Star game in mid-August , he was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers before the start of the season . He later played in the new American Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Ketchup_Song", "text": "The Ketchup Song ( Aserejé ) is the debut single by Spanish pop group Las Ketchup , taken from their debut studio album Hijas del Tomate ( 2002 ) . It was released on 10 June 2002 , and became an international hit later that year . In addition to the original Spanish version , the song exists in forms with Spanglish and Portuguese verses , although the nonsensical chorus is identical in all three versions . This song reached number-one in the United Kingdom , as well as 26 other countries worldwide . As of 2006 , the song has sold over 7 million copies worldwide , making it one of the best-selling singles of all time . The song tells the story of a pimp-like gypsy ( afrogitano ) with mystical qualities . Just after its release , the song became controversial because of conspiracy theories that it had cryptic references to Satanism , the devil and Hell . The song 's dance routine was a novelty in the early 2000s . Furthermore , the song and its dance moves were featured in the 2012 game Just Dance 4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorval", "text": "Dorval /dɔːrˈvæl/ ( French pronunciation : ​ [ dɔʁval ] ) is an on-island suburb on the island of Montreal in southwestern Quebec , Canada . In 2016 , the Canadian Census indicated that the population increased by 4.2% to 18,980 . Although the city has the largest surface area in the West Island , it is among the least densely populated . Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport constitutes about 60% of the city 's land , forcing all of Dorval 's population to be concentrated in the southern part of the city . Dorval is the oldest city in the West Island , having been founded in 1667 , and one of the oldest in Canada and North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Odahuttidavaru", "text": "Odahuttidavaru ( ; ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by S. K. Bhagavan and Dorairaj . The film starred veteran actors Rajkumar and Ambareesh together for the only time . The female lead roles were portrayed by Madhavi and Srishanti . The film is produced by S. P. Varadaraj for Sri Lakshmi Art Combines . The film was the last work of the acclaimed poet and lyricist Vijaya Narasimha . Jayanth Kaikini had revealed that the story was based on his father Gourish Kaikini 's Kannada translation of a Gujarati novel . The film was highly successful at the box office . The movie saw a theatrical run of 26 weeks . The story revolved around the two farming brothers who undergo various traumas in the relationships due to the external forces and fight them to reunion again . The film met with immense appreciation from the critics and was a blockbuster at the box-office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KXGR_(FM)", "text": "KXGR ( 89.7 MHz , GRACEfm ) is a non-profit FM radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format . Licensed to Loveland , Colorado , United States , it serves Northern Colorado including Fort Collins-Greeley and the Denver-Boulder metropolitan area . Programming is simulcast on 101.7 KXCL in Rock Creek Park , Colorado , which serves Colorado Springs , and on 75 watt translator station 101.7 K299AO in Sterling , Colorado . The stations are owned by Calvary Chapel Aurora . KXGR and KXCL air a mix of Christian contemporary music and programs on Christian teaching from national and local religious leaders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madison_County,_Illinois", "text": "Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois . It is a part of the Metro East in southern Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 269,282 . The county seat and largest city is Edwardsville . Madison County is part of the Metro-East region of the St. Louis , MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area . The pre-Columbian city of Cahokia Mounds a World Heritage Site was located near Collinsville . Edwardsville is home to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville . To the north , Alton is known for its abolitionist and American Civil War-era history . It is also the home of Southern Illinois University Dental School . Godfrey , the village named for Captain Benjamin Godfrey , offers Lewis and Clark Community College formerly the Monticello Female Seminary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/AZ_Alkmaar", "text": "Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( [ ˈɑlkmaːr ˈzaːnstreːk ] ) , better known as AZ Alkmaar or simply AZ ( Dutch pronunciation : [ aːˈzɛt ] ) , is a Dutch professional football club from Alkmaar and the Zaanstreek . The club plays in the Eredivisie , the highest professional football league in the Netherlands , and hosts home matches at the AFAS Stadion . AZ has won the Eredivisie twice , in 1980-81 and 2008-09 . In the same season as their first league title , they also reached the UEFA Cup Final , which they lost to Ipswich Town . In addition , the team has won the KNVB Cup on four occasions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freaky_Stories", "text": "Freaky Stories is a Canadian animated anthology television series , which was originally broadcast by YTV in English and Canal Famille ( now Vrak ) in French ( 5-minute versions using the French title Frissons ) . It is an animated show about urban legends hosted by two animatronic puppets , Larry de Bug , a cockroach , ( voiced by James Rankin ) and his gooey sidekick , Maurice the maggot ( voiced by Dan Redican ) in Ted 's Diner - a 1940s era diner setting staffed by Rosie the waitress ( voiced by Jayne Eastwood , but never seen - Season One only ) . It was often part of The Three Friends and Jerry when it aired on Fox Family . This series , described as a Twilight Zone for kids , centers on the kind of myths and legends that are told as scary campfire or bedtime stories . Every episode always starts with and finishes with the phrase : This is a true story , and it happened to a friend of a friend of mine . and by the words of Larry , Just because they never happened , does n't mean they ai n't true . Animation styles and musical scoring varied within each half-hour episode , incorporating 20 different looks in the first season alone . The short stories and changing styles were specifically designed to keep viewers ' attention span . Series creator Steve Schnier successfully pitched his concept of modern urban legends to YTV in 1991 . In 1994 , Steve teamed with executive producer John Delmage . The resulting Freaky Stories pilot premiered during YTV 's Dark Night 3 Halloween block on October 28 , 1995 , and the series itself premiered as a one-hour special as part of Dark Night 5 on October 24 , 1997 . While most episodes were finished on digibeta , the pilot was shot on film using traditional animation techniques but completed on video ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_Pittsburgh_Penguins_season", "text": "The 2015-16 Pittsburgh Penguins season was the 49th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 5 , 1967 . Their regular season games began on October 8 , 2015 against the Dallas Stars . On December 12 , the team had a record of 15-10-3 . The organization then fired head coach Mike Johnston and replaced him with Mike Sullivan , head coach of the organization 's American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre . The Penguins qualified for the playoffs for the tenth consecutive season . They earned second place in the Metropolitan Division with 104 points . They began the 2016 Stanley Cup playoffs on April 13 against the New York Rangers , the team they were eliminated by in the Stanley Cup playoffs both of the previous two seasons . They went on to beat the Rangers , in five games . In the second round the Pens defeated the Washington Capitals , the winners of the Presidents ' Trophy , in six games . The team then played in their first Eastern Conference Final since 2013 against the Tampa Bay Lightning . The Pens defeated the Lightning in seven games , despite trailing the series 3-2 after Game 5 , to earn the franchise 's fifth berth in the Stanley Cup Final . In the Final , the Penguins defeated the San Jose Sharks in six games to win the franchise 's fourth league title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Woolner", "text": "Thomas Woolner RA ( 17 December 1825 - 7 October 1892 ) was an English sculptor and poet who was one of the founder-members of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood . He was the only sculptor among the original members . After participating in the foundation of the PRB , Woolner emigrated for a period to Australia . He returned to Britain to have a successful career as a sculptor , creating many important public works as well as memorials , tomb sculptures and narrative reliefs . He corresponded with many notable men of the day and also had some success as a poet and as an art dealer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ohio_Bobcats", "text": "The Ohio Bobcats are the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Ohio University , located in Athens , Ohio , United States . Ohio University is a charter member ( 1946 ) of the Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) , is currently in the East Division of that conference , and sponsors teams in six men 's and ten women 's NCAA sanctioned sports . The football team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , the highest level for college football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlotte_Church", "text": "Charlotte Maria Church ( born Charlotte Maria Reed , 21 February 1986 ) is a Welsh singer-songwriter , actress , television presenter and political activist . She rose to fame in childhood as a classical singer before branching into pop music in 2005 . By 2007 , she had sold more than 10 million records worldwide including over 5 million in the United States . In 2010 , she was reported to be worth as much as £11m ( though one 2003 report quoted her worth at £25m ) . She hosted a Channel 4 chat show titled The Charlotte Church Show . Church released her first album in five years , titled Back to Scratch , on 17 October 2010 . Church is a soprano ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Macron_(sportswear)", "text": "Macron S.p.A. is an Italian sporting apparel company , based in Crespellano , Bologna . It is considered a European leader in the production of active sportswear . Macron operates in three main business areas :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Lotus_(Elisa_album)", "text": "Lotus is the fourth studio album by Elisa , released in 2003 . Initially idealized as a live album , Lotus became a mix between studio album ( with six new songs ) , a greatest hits album ( due to the seven songs re-recorded from previous albums ) and a cover album ( three are the covers ) . The album is predominantly acoustic ; following the initial idea , in fact , the album was completely recorded live . The album starts with a cover version of Leonard Cohen 's song Hallelujah from his 1984 album Various Positions . Sleeping in Your Hand , Labyrinth and The Marriage are taken from Elisa 's 1997 debut album Pipes & Flowers , while Gift and Luce ( tramonti a nord est ) are from her second album Asile 's World , and Rock Your Soul and Stranger are from her third album Then Comes the Sun . All of them were revisited in acoustic version , really in contrast with the initial forms . Femme Fatale is a cover of a song from The Velvet Underground 's first album , The Velvet Underground & Nico , and even it was slowed and changed very much from its initial form , while Almeno tu nell'universo was a famous Italian song by Mia Martini ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Parish", "text": "Mount Parish is a hill in Wan Chai , Hong Kong , to the south of Queen 's Road East , between Kennedy Road and Stubbs Road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Antonio_San_Epifanio", "text": "Juan Antonio San Epifanio Ruiz ( born 12 June 1959 ) , most commonly known as Epi , is a retired Spanish professional basketball player . He spent all of his club career playing with FC Barcelona . He was named the Mister Europa European Player of the Year in 1984 , by the Italian basketball magazine Superbasket , and the Best European Player of the 1980s decade , by the French sports newspaper L'Équipe . He was named one of FIBA 's 50 Greatest Players in 1991 . At the Opening Ceremony of the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympic Games , he was honoured with being the last athlete to carry the Olympic torch , before handing it to the archer , Antonio Rebollo , who lit the fire in the cauldron , with an arrow . He was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors in 2008 . He became a member of the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2016 . He is considered to be one of the greatest small forwards to ever play in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panionios_F.C.", "text": "Panionios G.S.S . Football Club ( Greek : ΠΑΕ Πανιώνιος Γ.Σ.Σ . ( Πανιώνιος Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Σμύρνης , Panionios Gymnastikos Syllogos Smyrnis ) , the Pan-Ionian Gymnastics Club of Smyrna , more commonly known as Panionios F.C . or simply Panionios , is a Greek professional football club based in Nea Smyrni , Athens , Greece . Part of Panionios G.S.S . ( founded in 1890 in Smyrna , Ottoman Empire ) , Panionios F.C . is the oldest Greek football club . In the wake of the Greco-Turkish War ( 1919-22 ) and the population exchange between Greece and Turkey , the multi-sport club Panionios G.S.S . was transferred to Athens . They have won two Greek Cups ( in 1979 and 1998 ) , while they were runners-up in the Greek Championship during the 1950-51 and 1970-71 seasons . They have won also the 1971 Balkans Cup and reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup in 1998-99 season . The team currently competes in the Super League Greece ."}
{"title": "/wiki/People_(magazine)", "text": "People is an American weekly magazine of celebrity and human-interest stories , published by Meredith Corporation . With a readership of 46.6 million adults , People has the largest audience of any American magazine . People had $ 997 million in advertising revenue in 2011 , the highest advertising revenue of any American magazine . In 2006 , it had a circulation of 3.75 million and revenue expected to top $ 1.5 billion . It was named Magazine of the Year by Advertising Age in October 2005 , for excellence in editorial , circulation , and advertising . People ranked number 6 on Advertising Age 's annual A-list and number 3 on Adweek 's Brand Blazers list in October 2006 . The magazine runs a roughly 50/50 mix of celebrity and human-interest articles . [ a ] People 's editors claim to refrain from printing pure celebrity gossip , enough to lead celebrity publicists to propose exclusives to the magazine , and evidence of what one staffer calls a publicist-friendly strategy . People 's website , People.com , focuses on celebrity news and human interest stories . In February 2015 , the website broke a new record : 72 million unique visitors . [ failed verification ] People is perhaps best known for its yearly special issues naming the World 's Most Beautiful , Best & Worst Dressed , and Sexiest Man Alive . The magazine 's headquarters are in New York , and it maintains editorial bureaus in Los Angeles and in London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wanting_Seed", "text": "The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess , written in 1962 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethan_Albright", "text": "Lawrence Ethan Albright ( born May 1 , 1971 ) is a former American football long snapper who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for 16 seasons , primarily with the Washington Redskins . From 1995 to 2010 , he was a member of the Redskins for nine seasons , the Buffalo Bills for five seasons , and the Miami Dolphins and San Diego Chargers for one season each . Nicknamed The Red Snapper due to his position and his red hair , Albright played college football at North Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Strathaird", "text": "Strathaird is a peninsula on the island of Skye , Scotland , situated between Loch Slapin and Loch Scavaig on the south coast . W. H. Murray said that Skye is sixty miles long , but what might be its breadth is beyond the ingenuity of man to state . Strathaird is however a straightforward triangular shape with the apex to the south where the lochs meet . Its base to the north is less clear-cut and is contained within the complex of the Cuillin range of mountains . The Munro Blà Bheinn that reaches 928 metres ( 3,045 ft ) is within Strathaird . It is the smallest and least populous of Skye 's main peninsulas , containing only the hamlets of Elgol , Kirkibost , Kilmarie , Drinan and Glasnakille , which are accessed via the B8083 road . The ruins of the Iron Age hill fort Dun Ringill are east of Kirkibost on the shores of Loch Slapin . The Strathaird peninsula was historically a heartland of Clan Mackinnon and tradition holds that Dun Ringill was once the seat of the clan . The Strathaird Estate was bought by musician Ian Anderson , the frontman for Jethro Tull , in 1978 . Anderson started a salmon farming business at Strathaird , which expanded throughout Scotland . The business was reportedly worth over £10 million by the mid 1990s , though much of it has now been sold off . Anderson sold the estate to the John Muir Trust in 1994 , for around £750,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moretonhampstead", "text": "Moretonhampstead ( anciently Moreton Hampstead ) is a market town , [ a ] parish and ancient manor in Devon , situated on the north-eastern edge of Dartmoor , within the Dartmoor National Park . The parish now includes the hamlet of Doccombe ( /ˈdɒkəm/ ) , and it is surrounded clockwise from the north by the parishes of Drewsteignton , Dunsford , Bridford , Bovey Tracey , Lustleigh , North Bovey and Chagford . At the 2011 census the population of the parish was 1,703 , and Moorland electoral ward , in which Moretonhampstead lies , had a population of 2,806 . The parish church is dedicated to St. Andrew . Moretonhampstead is twinned with Betton in France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_Grains_Council", "text": "The International Grains Council ( IGC ) is an intergovernmental organization which oversees the Grains Trade Convention and seeks to promote cooperation in the global grain trade . Its tasked with enhancing market stability and world food security through providing impartial analysis on supply and demand fundamentals in the grains and oilseed sectors and improving transparency through regular reporting on market and policy developments . The IGC 's data , analysis and reporting are used by member governments , private organizations and other international bodies concerned with grain market developments . The IGC 's benchmark Grains and Oilseeds Index , which tracks international grain and oilseed prices , is publicly available on the organization 's website . The IGC Secretariat also administers the Food Assistance Convention , provides administrative services to the Food Assistance Committee and forms part of the secretariat of Agricultural Market Information System . The headquarters are in London , where the IGC hosts the annual Grains Conference which brings international buyers and sellers , industry representatives and policy makers together . The definition of grains was formally expanded to include rice ( 1 July 2009 ) and oilseeds ( 1 July 2013 ) . The Food Aid Convention of 1995 added pulses to the list . This Convention was subsequently renegotiated and replaced by the Food Aid Convention of 1999 , which considerably broadened the list of eligible products . The Food Aid Convention , 1999 expired on 30 June 2012 and a new Food Assistance Convention entered into force on 1 January 2013 . The new Food Assistance Convention is a separate legal instrument , independent of the GTC . At the 35th IGC Council Session in June 2012 members approved a request that the IGC Secretariat continue to provide administrative services to the new Food Assistance Committee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCDO-TV", "text": "KCDO-TV , virtual channel 3 ( UHF digital channel 23 ) , is an Independent television station serving Denver , Colorado , United States that is licensed to Sterling . The station is owned by Newsweb Corporation . KCDO 's studios are located on South Jamaica Court in Aurora , and its transmitter is located in rural southwestern Morgan County , east of Frederick . On cable , KCDO is available on Comcast Xfinity channel 3 in the Denver market and is carried on cable providers in other cities across Northern Colorado . The station also operates two digital fill-in translator stations on UHF channel 23 in Kimball , Nebraska and on UHF channel 34 in Sidney , Nebraska ; its signal is also relayed on three other translator stations , K39KL-D ( channel 39 ) in Akron , K22JL-D ( channel 22 ) in Peetz and KLPD-LD ( channel 28.3 ) in Denver ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhadi_Ben_Abdesselam", "text": "Rhadi Ben Abdesselam ( Arabic : راضي بن عبد السلام ; 28 February 1929 - 4 October 2000 ) was a Moroccan long-distance runner . He competed at the 1960 Olympics in the marathon and 10,000 meters events . He also ran in the International Cross Country Championships in 1958-1963 . In March 1960 , he and Belgium 's Gaston Roelants quickly broke away from the field , and he became the first African athlete to win the individual gold medal in that event , defeating Roelants by 40 yards . On September 8 , 1960 , he finished in 14th place in the finals-only 10,000 meters , in 29:32.0 , almost a minute behind the winner , the Soviet Union 's Pyotr Bolotnikov , who broke the Olympic record for the event . Just two days later , the blazing pace through the first 20 kilometers in the marathon helped result in an eventual world record for the barefoot winner , Ethiopia 's Abebe Bikila . After they dispatched the rest of the field by 25 kilometers , the leading pair stayed stride-for-stride until the final 500 meters , with Ben Abdesselam finishing a close second in 2:15:41.6 , 25.4 seconds behind Abebe 's new world record . Abebe 's mark trimmed 8/10ths of a second off Sergei Popov 's world record of 2:15:17.0 , set in 1958 . Ironically , Abebe had been advised to watch out for Ben Abdesselam , but the latter wore his 10,000 meter competition number , so Abebe was unaware of the identity of his pursuer . Popov finished 5th in Rome , two minutes behind New Zealand 's Barry Magee , who took the bronze medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sammi_Cheng", "text": "Sammi Cheng Sau-man ( Chinese : 鄭秀文 ; born 19 August 1972 ) is a Hong Kong singer and actress . She is one of the most prominent female singers in Hong Kong , with album sales of over 25 million copies throughout the Asia-pacific . Most notably in the 1990s , she was dubbed by the media as the Cantopop Queen and diva ( Chinese : 天后 ; literally : Heavenly Queen ) . Having success in entertainment industry for about three decades , Cheng has also been regarded as one of the most popular Hong Kong artists known in Asia Pacific . Cheng holds the record of having the most best sales albums and The Best Sales Local Female Vocalist awards in the Hong Kong Cantopop industry since her debut . [ citation needed ] From 1993 to 2010 , Cheng won a total of 12 Top Female Vocalist awards , 14 The Best Sales Local Female Vocalist Awards and has 7 albums that are The Best Sales Cantonese Release of year . She had also previously won the Most Popular Hong Kong Female Artist Award in annual Top Ten Jade Solid Gold Awards Presentation for three times , and in a year winning also the Gold Song Gold Award , the highest-ranked award which is the last to be presented at the ceremony . She also received Honorary Lifetime Achievement Award for Female Singer in 2011 Metro Radio Hits Awards . She had also won many top honors in various Chinese music awards held in Asia . She has produced over 80 studio albums , 10 live concert albums , over 130 singles ( songs ) with also over 30 cover songs , had received around 200 total awards from acting to singing , performed in over 30 films which many received box-office hit , starred in 7 TV dramas in early years , had held approximately 200 concerts up to date with over 12 concert tours . She is one of the female artists with most number of concert shows in Hong Kong Coliseum , at 102 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scotland_women's_national_under-17_football_team", "text": "The Scotland women 's national under-17 football team , also known as Scotland under-17s or Scotland U17 ( s ) , represents Scotland in association football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Scottish Football Association , the governing body for football in Scotland . The team qualified for the 2014 UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship in England following a 2-0 defeat of Finland in the qualifying stage held in Hungary in October 2013 . For the European tournament , to be played in November and December 2013 , they were drawn in Group B with Germany , Spain and France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abbots_Leigh", "text": "Abbots Leigh is a village and civil parish in North Somerset , England , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west of the centre of Bristol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fosdyke", "text": "Fosdyke is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Boston , Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 480 . It is situated approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south from Boston , just off the A17 , and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east from the junction of the A17 with the A16 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Durrës", "text": "Durrës ( Albanian pronunciation : [ ˈdu : rəs ] ) is the second most populous city in the Republic of Albania . The city is the capital of the surrounding Durrës County , one of 12 constituent counties of the country . By air , it is 165 kilometres ( 103 miles ) northwest of Sarandë , 31 kilometres ( 19 miles ) west of Tirana , 83 kilometres ( 52 miles ) south of Shkodër and 579 kilometres ( 360 miles ) east of Rome . Located on the Adriatic Sea , it is the country 's most ancient and economic and historic center . The city was founded by ancient Greek colonists from Corinth and Corfu under the name of Epidamnos around the 7th century BC on the coast of the Illyrian Taulantii . Later known as Dyrrachium , it essentially developed to become significant as it became an integral part of the Roman Empire and its successor the Byzantine Empire . The Via Egnatia , the continuation of the Via Appia , started in the city and led across the interior of the Balkan Peninsula to Constantinople in the east . In the Middle Ages , it was contested between Bulgarian , Venetian and Ottoman dominions . Following the Albanian Declaration of Independence , the city served as the capital of the Principality of Albania for a short period of time . Subsequently , it was annexed by the Kingdom of Italy and Nazi Germany in the interwar period . The city experienced a strong expansion in its demography and economic activity during Communism in Albania . Durrës is served by the Port of Durrës , one of the largest on the Adriatic Sea , which connects the city to Italy and other neighbouring countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belfast", "text": "Belfast ( /ˈbɛlfɑːst/ BEL-fahst ; from Irish : Béal Feirste , meaning mouth of the sand-bank ford , Irish pronunciation : [ bʲeːlˠ ˈfʲɛɾˠ ( ə ) ʃtʲə ] ) is the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland , standing on the banks of the River Lagan on the east coast of Northern Ireland . It is the 12th-largest city in the United Kingdom and the second-largest on the island of Ireland . It had a population of 333,871 as of 2015 [ update ] . Belfast suffered greatly in the Troubles : in the 1970s and 1980s it was reported to be one of the world 's most dangerous cities , with a homicide rate around 31 per 100,000 . By the early 19th century , Belfast became a major port . It played a key role in the Industrial Revolution , becoming the biggest linen-producer in the world , earning it the nickname Linenopolis . By the time it was granted city status in 1888 , it was a major centre of Irish linen production , tobacco-processing and rope-making . Shipbuilding was also a key industry ; the Harland and Wolff shipyard , which built the RMS Titanic , was the world 's biggest shipyard . Belfast as of 2019 [ update ] has a major aerospace and missiles industry . Industrialisation , and the inward migration it brought , made Belfast Northern Ireland 's biggest city and it became the capital of Northern Ireland following the Partition of Ireland in 1922 . Its status as a global industrial centre ended in the decades after the Second World War of 1939-1945 . Belfast is still a major port , with commercial and industrial docks , including the Harland and Wolff shipyard , dominating the Belfast Lough shoreline ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sacramento,_California", "text": "Sacramento ( /ˌsækrəˈmɛntoʊ/ SAK-rə-MEN-toh ; Spanish : [ sakɾaˈmento ] ; Spanish for sacrament ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of Sacramento County . Located at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in Northern California 's Sacramento Valley , Sacramento 's estimated 2018 population of 501,334 makes it the sixth-largest city in California and the ninth largest capital in the United States . Sacramento is the seat of the California Legislature and the Governor of California , making it the state 's political center and a hub for lobbying and think tanks . Sacramento is also the cultural and economic core of the Sacramento metropolitan area , which had a 2010 population of 2,414,783 , making it the fifth largest in California . Before the arrival of the Spanish , the area was inhabited by the Nisenan , indigenous peoples of California . Spanish cavalryman Gabriel Moraga surveyed and named the Rio del Santísimo Sacramento ( Sacramento River ) in 1808 , after the Blessed Sacrament , referring to the Eucharist in the Catholic Church . In 1839 , Juan Bautista Alvarado , Mexican governor of Alta California , granted the responsibility of colonizing the Sacramento Valley to Swiss-born Mexican citizen John Augustus Sutter , who subsequently established Sutter 's Fort and the settlement at the Rancho Nueva Helvetia . Following the American Conquest of California and the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo , the waterfront developed by Sutter began to be developed , and incorporated in 1850 as the City of Sacramento . As a result of the California Gold Rush , Sacramento became a major commercial center and distribution point for Northern California , serving as the terminus for the Pony Express and the First Transcontinental Railroad . Sacramento is the fastest-growing major city in California , owing to its status as a notable financial center on the West Coast and as a major educational hub , home of California State University , Sacramento and University of California , Davis . Similarly , Sacramento is a major center for the California healthcare industry , as the seat of Sutter Health , the world-renowned UC Davis Medical Center , and the UC Davis School of Medicine , and notable tourist destination in California , as the site of The California Museum , the Crocker Art Museum , the California State Railroad Museum , the California Hall of Fame , the California State Capitol Museum , and the Old Sacramento State Historic Park . Sacramento International Airport , located northwest of the city , is the city 's major airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VB-10,000_(ship)", "text": "The VB-10,000 is a heavy-lift twin-gantry catamaran consisting of two truss space frames atop two barges . The design was derived from Versabar 's earlier VB-4000 ( aka Bottom Feeder ) , which was developed to clear debris from toppled oil drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico . Instead of sending divers to section the wreckage into pieces , the heavy-lift capability facilitates salvaging the platform as a single piece . The primary benefit is increasing safety by reducing the number of high-risk diving activities , but substantial cost savings can be realized by reducing the number of lifts and shortening the decommissioning schedule . VB-10,000 is the largest lift vessel ever built in the United States . The color and shape of the trusses on VB-10,000 have prompted comparisons to the famed McDonald 's signature Golden Arches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tsar_Bomba", "text": "Many codenames are attributed to the Tsar Bomba : Project 7000 ; product code 202 ( Izdeliye 202 ) , Product V ( izdeliye V ) ; article designations RDS-220 ( РДС-220 ) , RDS-202 ( РДС-202 ) , RN202 ( PH202 , incorrect codename as the AN602 is a modification of the RN202 ) , AN602 ( AH602 ) ; codename Vanya ; nicknames Big Ivan , Kuzkina mat . The name Tsar Bomba was coined in an analogy with other large Russian objects : the Tsar Bell and Tsar Cannon . The CIA designated the test as JOE 111 . The bomb was also referred to as Kuzma 's mother ( Russian : Ку́зькина ма́ть , tr . Kúz'kina mát ' , IPA : [ ˈkusʲkʲɪnə ˈmatʲ ] ) , possibly referring to First secretary Nikita Khrushchev 's promise to show the United States a Kuzma 's mother ( an idiom roughly translating to We 'll show you ) at a 1960 session of the United Nations General Assembly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Horton_(baseball_coach)", "text": "George Edward Horton ( born October 5 , 1953 ) is an American baseball coach . He was head coach of the Oregon Ducks baseball and Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania", "text": "Pennsylvania ( /ˌpɛnsəlˈveɪniə/ ( listen ) PEN-səl-VAY-nee-ə ) , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a state located in the Northeastern , Great Lakes , Appalachian , and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States . The Appalachian Mountains run through its middle . The Commonwealth is bordered by Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east . Pennsylvania is the 33rd-largest state by area , and the 5th-most populous state according to the most recent official U.S. Census count in 2010 . It is the 9th-most densely populated of the 50 states . Pennsylvania 's two most populous cities are Philadelphia ( 1,580,863 ) , and Pittsburgh ( 302,407 ) . The state capital and its 10th-largest city is Harrisburg . Pennsylvania has 140 miles ( 225 km ) of waterfront along Lake Erie and the Delaware River . The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States ; it came into being in 1681 as a result of a royal land grant to William Penn , the son of the state 's namesake . Part of Pennsylvania ( along the Delaware River ) , together with the present State of Delaware , had earlier been organized as the Colony of New Sweden . It was the second state to ratify the United States Constitution , on December 12 , 1787 . Independence Hall , where the United States Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were drafted , is located in the state 's largest city of Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tasmanian_Football_League", "text": "The Tasmanian State League ( TSL ) , colloquially known as the Tasmanian Football League ( TFL ) ( formerly known as the Tasmanian Australian National Football League ( TANFL ) and several other short-term names ) is the highest ranked Australian rules football league in Tasmania , Australia . The league has a long and convoluted history which dates back to its founding on 12 June 1879 ( giving it some claim to the title of the third oldest club football league in the world ) , but the name TFL ( also the state 's football governing body ) was removed after it was liquidated with crushing debts in February 1999 and replaced by an independent commission ( Football Tasmania ) and the competition was renamed the Tasmanian State Football League ( 1999 ) and the SWL ( 2000 ) until the number of clubs in financial difficulty made the league unsustainable and it collapsed in December 2000 . After long negotiations and discussions it was reinstated as a ten club competition in 2009 . The League is commercially known as the RACT Insurance Tasmanian State League under a naming-rights sponsorship agreement with RACT Insurance in Hobart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WJBK", "text": "WJBK , virtual channel 2 ( VHF digital channel 7 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Detroit , Michigan , United States . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation . WJBK 's studios and transmitter are located on West 9 Mile Road in the Detroit suburb of Southfield . WJBK 's over-the-air signal covers all of Metro Detroit , along with Southwestern Ontario , Canada , surrounding the city of Windsor . On cable , the station is available on channel 12 on Comcast Xfinity 's Detroit city and South Oakland County systems , channel 2 in other suburbs and outlying areas and on AT & T U-verse , and channel 7 on Cogeco 's Windsor system . The station is also carried on most cable systems in southeast Michigan , southwestern Ontario and northwest Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_Heights,_Ohio", "text": "Cleveland Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States , and an inner-ring suburb of Cleveland . The city 's population was 46,238 at the 2010 census . As of the 2010 census , Cleveland Heights was ranked the 8th largest city by population in the Greater Cleveland metropolitan area and ranked 20th in Ohio . It was founded as a village in 1903 and a city in 1921 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sky_Direct", "text": "Sky Direct is a direct-broadcast satellite subscription television service in the Philippines owned and operated by Sky , a subsidiary of ABS-CBN Corporation . Sky Cable has been eyeing for a DBS service and considered on acquiring Dream Satellite TV from Antonio O. Cojuangco , Jr . The acquisition of Dream was reported to have reached an advanced stage but for some undisclosed reasons , the deal was not sealed . Sky 's entry to the DBS market was hindered by various oppositions from the industry , citing legal issues and the slow growth of the pay TV market in the country . On December 23 , 2015 , Sky was granted by the NTC a provisional authority to operate and maintain a DBS service in 251 cities and municipalities in the country for a period of 18 months . Sky Direct offers both prepaid and postpaid packages with exclusive channels from ABS-CBN and Creative Programs such as ABS-CBN HD , ABS-CBN News Channel , ABS-CBN Sports+Action HD , Cinema One , Jeepney TV , Metro Channel , Liga , and Myx . As of the March of 2019 , Sky Direct has over 1 million subscribers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicagoland", "text": "The Chicago metropolitan area , or Chicagoland , is the metropolitan area that includes the city of Chicago , Illinois , and its suburbs . With an estimated CSA population of 9.9 million people and an MSA population of 9.5 million people , it is the third largest metropolitan area in the United States . The Chicago metropolitan area has one of the world 's largest and most diversified economies , with more than four million employees and generating an annual gross regional product ( GRP ) of $ 680 billion in 2017 . The region is home to more than 400 major corporate headquarters , including 31 in the Fortune 500 . For six consecutive years , Chicagoland was ranked the nation 's top metropolitan area for corporate relocations . There are several definitions of the area , including the areas defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) as the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) and the slightly larger Combined Statistical Area , and the area under the jurisdiction of the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning ( CMAP ) ( a metropolitan planning organization ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Steen", "text": "Anders Thomas Steen ( born June 8 , 1960 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player and coach . Steen is the former city councillor for the Winnipeg ward of Elmwood-East Kildonan . Steen played professional ice hockey in the Elitserien , National Hockey League and Deutsche Eishockey Liga . In his time in the NHL , he spent the entirety of his career with the original Winnipeg Jets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cologne_Body_&_Assembly", "text": "Cologne Body & Assembly is a Ford Motor Company automobile factory in the Niehl district of Cologne , Germany spanning 628,500 square feet ( 14.43 acres ) . The plant , which currently employs approx 4,097 , has manufactured the Fiesta ( 1976-present ) and Ford 's B-class MPV , the Fusion ( 2002-2012 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pedro_de_la_Rosa", "text": "Pedro Martínez de la Rosa ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈpeðɾo ðe la ˈrosa ] ; born 24 February 1971 ) is a Spanish former Formula One driver who has participated in 107 Grands Prix for the Arrows , Jaguar , McLaren , Sauber and HRT teams , debuting on 7 March 1999 , becoming one of very few drivers to score a point at his first race . He has scored a total of 35 championship points , which includes a podium finish at the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix . On 21 November 2011 , De la Rosa signed a two-year contract to drive for the HRT F1 team , but he only remained with the team for one season , after HRT withdrew from the 2013 team list , leaving him without a drive for the 2013 season . On 16 January 2013 , De la Rosa was announced as the Ferrari development driver for the 2013 Formula One season . De la Rosa , along with Michael Schumacher was the last F1 driver that had raced in the sport in the 1990s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sid_Luckman", "text": "Sidney Luckman ( November 21 , 1916 - July 5 , 1998 ) was an American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League ( NFL ) from 1939 through 1950 . During his 12 seasons with the Bears he led them to four NFL championships ( 1940 , 1941 , 1943 , and 1946 ) . Sportswriter Ira Berkow wrote that Luckman was the first great T-formation quarterback , and he is considered the greatest long-range passer of his time . He was named the NFL 's Most Valuable Player in 1943 . Luckman was also a 3× NFL All-Star ( 1940-42 ) , 5× First-team All-Pro ( 1941-44 , 1947 ) , Second-Team All-Pro ( 1946 ) , 3× NFL passing yards leader ( 1943 , 1945 , and 1946 ) , 3× NFL passing touchdowns leader ( 1943 , 1945 , and 1946 ) , 3× NFL passer rating leader ( 1941 , 1943 , and 1946 ) , named to the NFL 1940s All-Decade Team , had his Chicago Bears No . 42 retired , and tied the NFL record of 7 touchdown passes in a game . Luckman was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1965 , and in 1988 he was declared a joint winner of the Walter Camp Distinguished American Award . Following his retirement from playing , Luckman continued his association with football by tutoring college coaches , focusing on the passing aspect of the game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cairo,_Georgia", "text": "Cairo ( /ˈkeɪroʊ/ ) is a city in Grady County , Georgia , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 9,607 . The city is the county seat of Grady County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patrik_César_dos_Santos_Duzi", "text": "Patrik César dos Santos Duzi , simply known as Patrik ( born 12 March 1988 in Franca , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church_of_Wessington_Springs", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church of Wessington Springs is a church at the southeast corner of Main Street and State Avenue in Wessington Springs , South Dakota . It was designed in 1913 by Kirby J. Snyder in a Late Gothic Revival style . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 . It has also been known as First United Methodist Church . It has a Latin cross plan , and is 86 by 86 feet ( 26 m × 26 m ) in plan . It has a 40 feet ( 12 m ) high bell tower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympus_Corporation", "text": "Olympus Corporation ( オリンパス株式会社 , Orinpasu Kabushiki-gaisha ) is a Japanese manufacturer of optics and reprography products . Olympus was established on 12 October 1919 , initially specializing in microscopes and thermometers . Olympus holds roughly a 70-percent share of the global endoscope market , estimated to be worth approximately US $ 2.5 billion . Its global headquarters are located in Shinjuku , Tokyo , Japan . In 2011 , Olympus attracted worldwide media scrutiny when it fired its CEO and the matter snowballed into a corporate corruption investigation with multiple arrests . It paid $ 646 million in kickback fines in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RSA_Insurance_Group", "text": "RSA Insurance Group plc ( trading as RSA , formerly Royal and Sun Alliance ) is a British multinational general insurance company headquartered in London , United Kingdom . RSA has major operations in the UK & Ireland , Scandinavia and Canada and provides insurance products and services in more than 140 countries through a network of local partners . It has 9 million customers . RSA was formed by the merger of Sun Alliance and Royal Insurance in 1996 . RSA is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/169P/NEAT", "text": "169/NEAT is a periodic comet in the Solar System . It is the parent body of the alpha Capricornids meteor shower . 169/NEAT may be related to comet P/2003 T12 ( SOHO ) . 169P is a low activity comet roughly a few kilometers in diameter . 169P and the smaller body P/2003 T12 likely fragmented from a parent body roughly 2900 years ago . It is the parent body of the Alpha Capricornids meteor shower in late July ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milano", "text": "Milan ( /mɪˈlæn/ , US also /mɪˈlɑːn/ , Italian : Milano [ miˈlaːno ] ( listen ) , Milanese : [ miˈlãː ] ( listen ) ) is a city in northern Italy , capital of Lombardy , and the second-most populous city in Italy after Rome . Milan served as the capital of the Western Roman Empire , the Duchy of Milan and the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia . The city proper has a population of about 1.4 million while its metropolitan city has 3.23 million inhabitants . Its continuously built-up urban area , that stretches well beyond the boundaries of its administrative metropolitan city , is the fourth largest in the EU with 5.27 million inhabitants . The population within the wider Milan metropolitan area , also known as Greater Milan , is estimated at 8.2 million , making it by far the largest metropolitan area in Italy and the 4th largest in the EU . Milan is considered a leading alpha global city , with strengths in the field of the art , commerce , design , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , services , research and tourism . Its business district hosts Italy 's stock exchange ( Italian : Borsa Italiana ) , and the headquarters of national and international banks and companies . In terms of GDP , it has the second-largest economy among EU cities after Paris , and is the wealthiest among EU non-capital cities . Milan is considered part of the Blue Banana and one of the Four Motors for Europe . The city has been recognized as one of the world 's four fashion capitals thanks to several international events and fairs , including Milan Fashion Week and the Milan Furniture Fair , which are currently among the world 's biggest in terms of revenue , visitors and growth . It hosted the Universal Exposition in 1906 and 2015 . The city hosts numerous cultural institutions , academies and universities , with 11% of the national total enrolled students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rising_Force", "text": "Rising Force is the first studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen , released on 5 March 1984 through Polydor Records . The album reached No . 14 on the Swedish albums chart , No . 60 on the US Billboard 200 , and received a nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1986 Grammy Awards . It is regarded as a seminal release in the shred and neoclassical metal genres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Lees", "text": "Jack Lees ( 1884 - 11 August 1940 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Belper in Derbyshire from 1929 to 1931 . Born in West Rainton in County Durham , Lees became a coal miner and joined the Northumberland Miners ' Association , eventually becoming a full-time union official . He contested Belper unsuccessfully at the 1924 general election , losing by over 4,000 votes to the sitting Conservative Party MP Herbert Wragg . At the 1929 election he took the seat with a majority of 2,955 , but at the 1931 general election Wragg retook the seat with a majority of nearly 8,000 . He stood again at Belper in the 1935 general election but was again defeated . Lees did not stand for Parliament again ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2003", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2003 were presented in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada on 6 April 2003 . The primary awards ceremony was hosted that evening by Shania Twain at the Corel Centre ( now Canadian Tire Centre ) and televised on CTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capital_University", "text": "Capital University ( Capital , Cap , or CU ) is a private research university in Bexley , Ohio , a suburb of Columbus . Capital was founded as the Theological Seminary of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Ohio in 1830 , and later was associated with that synod 's successor , the American Lutheran Church . The university has undergraduate and graduate programs , as well as a law school . Capital University is the oldest university in Central Ohio and is one of the oldest and largest Lutheran-affiliated universities in North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Champaign,_Illinois", "text": "Champaign ( English : /ˌʃæmˈpeɪn/ ) is a city in Champaign County , Illinois , United States . The city is 135 miles ( 217 km ) south of Chicago , 124 miles ( 200 km ) west of Indianapolis , Indiana , and 178 mi ( 286 km ) northeast of St. Louis , Missouri . The United States Census Bureau estimates the city was home to 87,432 people as of July 1 , 2017 . Champaign is the tenth-most populous city in Illinois , and the state 's fourth-most populous city outside the Chicago metropolitan area . It is included in the Champaign-Urbana metropolitan area . Champaign is notable for sharing the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with its sister city of Urbana . Champaign is also home to Parkland College which serves about 18,000 students during the academic year . Due to the university and a number of well known technology startup companies , it is often referred to as the hub , or a significant landmark , of the Silicon Prairie . Champaign houses offices for the Fortune 500 companies Abbott , Archer Daniels Midland ( ADM ) , Caterpillar , John Deere , Dow Chemical Company , IBM , and State Farm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pretenders_(album)", "text": "Pretenders is the debut studio album by British-American band The Pretenders , released on 7 January 1980 under Real Records in the UK , and on 27 December 1979 on Sire Records in the United States . A combination of rock , punk and pop music , this album made the band famous . The album features the singles Stop Your Sobbing , Kid and Brass in Pocket . Nick Lowe produced the Pretenders ' first single , Stop Your Sobbing , but decided not to work with them again as he thought the band was not going anywhere . Chris Thomas took over on the subsequent recording sessions . Pretenders debuted at number 1 on the UK Albums Chart in the week of its release and stayed there for four consecutive weeks . It also made the top 10 on the Billboard 200 and was certified Platinum during 1982 by the RIAA . Pretenders has been named one of the best albums of all time by VH1 ( # 52 ) . In 2003 , Rolling Stone ranked the album number 155 on its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , maintaining the rating in a 2012 revised list . In 1989 , the magazine ranked it the 20th best album of the 1980s . In 2012 , Slant Magazine listed the album at # 64 on its Best Albums of the 1980s . Pretenders was remastered and re-released in 2006 and included a bonus disc of demos , B-sides and live cuts , many previously unreleased ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vermont's_3rd_congressional_district", "text": "Vermont 's 3rd congressional district is an obsolete district . It was created in 1803 . It was eliminated after the 1880 Census . Its last Congressman was William W. Grout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keene,_New_Hampshire", "text": "Keene is the only city in and the seat of Cheshire County , New Hampshire , United States . The population was 23,409 at the 2010 census . Keene is home to Keene State College and Antioch University New England . It hosted the state 's annual pumpkin festival , then called the Keene Pumpkin Festival , from 1991 to 2014 , when the festival moved to Laconia . A new , annual , child-focused Keene Pumpkin Festival , organized by the state festival 's previous organizers , has taken its place in the city since 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Evie,_Orkney", "text": "Evie ( pronounced /iːvi/ ) is a parish and village on Mainland , Orkney , Scotland . The parish is located in the north-west of the Mainland , between Birsay and Rendall , forming the coastline opposite the isle of Rousay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Volha_Dubouskaya", "text": "Volha Dubouskaya ( Belarusian : Вольга Дубоўская , née Salevich - Салевіч ; born 9 October 1983 in Bolshie Shilovichi ) is a Belarusian long-distance runner . She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics , placing 78th with a time of 2:39:12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michal_Kubala", "text": "Michal Kubala ( born 12 June 1980 ) is a Slovakia footballer who plays as a midfielder for TJ Družstevník Veľké Ludince in the Slovak 3 . Liga . In 2012 , he played for Perak FA in the 2012 Malaysia Super League season and was the team 's top scorer of the season , securing 13 goals in the league . He was known in the league as a dead-ball specialist , and was Perak 's main free-kick , corner kick and penalty kick taker . His contract was not renewed by Perak at the end of the 2012 season . Kubala was a member of the Slovakia youth teams , appearing for the Slovakia U18 and Slovakia U21 teams . During his time in Malaysia , he also appeared in the Malaysia Selection , a team composed of Malaysia under-21 players and a selection of Malaysia league players , for the 2012 Java Cup invitational tournament in Indonesia . He scored a goal as Malaysia Selection beat Indonesia Selection 6-0 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingsteignton", "text": "Kingsteignton ( /kɪŋˈsteɪntən/ king-STAYN-tən ) , is a town and civil parish in South Devon , England . It lies at the head of the Teign Estuary to the west of Teignmouth in the Teignbridge district . It is bypassed by the A380 and is also on the A383 , A381 , B3193 and B3195 . Kingsteignton is currently represented in parliament by Anne Marie Morris , as part of the Newton Abbot Constituency . Kingsteignton has a population of over 11,000 . The threat of being incorporated into the nearby town of Newton Abbot prompted the parish council to change Kingsteignton 's status to a town . The change took effect from 1 January 2009 . The town has two electoral wards ( east and west ) . Their combined populations at the 2011 census was 11,147"}
{"title": "/wiki/Abbotsley", "text": "Abbotsley is a village and civil parish within the Huntingdonshire district of Cambridgeshire , England . It is three miles from St Neots and 14 miles from the county town of Cambridge . At the time of the 2001 census , the resident population was 425 people living in 164 households . increasing to a population of 446 at the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ural_Federal_University", "text": "The Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B. N. Yeltsin ( Уральский федеральный университет имени первого Президента России Б.Н . Ельцина , Uralʹskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet imeni pervogo Prezidenta Rossii B.N . Yelʹtsina , often shortened to UrFU , УрФУ ) ( formed by a merger of the Ural State Technical University and Ural State University ) is one of the leading educational institutions in the Ural region of Russia . Ural Federal University acts as a research and innovation center of the Ural region and cooperates with the Russian Academy of Sciences . UrFU offers educational programs in four main areas of knowledge and 108 academic majors . There are actively developed links between the university and intermediate educational institutions . UrFU also consistently works on establishing strategic partnerships with employers for the sake of development of the regional economy : employers are involved in the educational environment as direct participants , enployers-sponsored and corporate education is carried out based on the client-centered approach , joint business projects are realized in economic and social areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KSAJ-FM", "text": "KSAJ-FM ( 98.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Burlingame , Kansas , United States . The station is currently owned by Alpha Media LLC , ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Evans_(Canon_at_St_Asaph)", "text": "David Evans ( 1705-1788 ) was a Welsh Anglican priest , writer and musician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/JPMorgan_Chase", "text": "JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered in New York City . JPMorgan Chase is ranked by S & P Global as the largest bank in the United States and the sixth largest bank in the world by total assets , with total assets of US $ 2.687 trillion . It is also the world 's most valuable bank by market capitalization . JPMorgan Chase is incorporated in Delaware . As a Bulge Bracket bank , it is a major provider of various investment banking and financial services . It is one of America 's Big Four banks , along with Bank of America , Citigroup , and Wells Fargo . JPMorgan Chase is considered to be a universal bank and a custodian bank . The J.P. Morgan brand , is used by the investment banking , asset management , private banking , private wealth management , and treasury services divisions . Fiduciary activity within private banking and private wealth management is done under the aegis of JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A . - the actual trustee . The Chase brand is used for credit card services in the United States and Canada , the bank 's retail banking activities in the United States , and commercial banking . Both the retail and commercial bank and the bank 's corporate headquarters are currently located at 383 Madison Avenue in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , while the prior headquarters building directly across the street , 270 Park Avenue , is demolished and replaced with a new building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Castile_Governorate", "text": "The Governorate of New Castile ( Gobernación de Nueva Castilla , pronounced [ ɡoβeɾnaˈθjon de ˈnweβa kasˈtiʎa ] ) was the gubernatorial region administered to Francisco Pizarro in 1528 by King Charles I of Spain , of which he was appointed governor . The region roughly consisted of modern Peru and was after the foundation of Lima in 1535 divided . The conquest of the Inca empire in 1531-1533 , performed by Pizarro and his brothers set the basis for the territorial boundaries of New Castile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Derek_Carrier", "text": "Derek Carrier ( born July 25 , 1990 ) is an American football tight end for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League ( NFL ) . Carrier played college football at Beloit College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastgate,_Peterborough", "text": "Eastgate is a residential area , immediately to the east of Peterborough Cathedral and west of Fengate , in the county of Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . For electoral purposes it forms part of Peterborough Central ward . Bishop Creighton County Primary School is located in the area ; following the closure of nearby Hereward Community College in July 2007 , secondary pupils attend the Thomas Deacon Academy which opened in September 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Argyllshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Argyllshire was a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1708 to 1800 and of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 until 1983 . The constituency was named Argyll from 1950 . The constituency was replaced in 1983 with Argyll and Bute . It elected one Member of Parliament ( MP ) using the first-past-the-post voting system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darkwing_Duck", "text": "Darkwing Duck is an American animated action-adventure comedy television series produced by Disney Television Animation ( formerly Walt Disney Television Animation ) that first ran from 1991 to 1992 on both the syndicated programming block The Disney Afternoon and Saturday mornings on ABC . It features the adventures of Darkwing Duck , who is the superheroic alter-ego of an ordinary suburban person named Drake Mallard . Though originally believed by some fans to be a spin-off of the 1987 DuckTales series , creator Tad Stones stated in a 2016 report that he believes the two shows exist in different universes , despite DuckTales supporting characters Launchpad McQuack appearing on the series in a similar role to that the character plays in DuckTales as well as Gizmoduck appearing in a few episodes , and the fact that Scrooge McDuck , the main character of DuckTales , is mentioned in Darkwing Duck episode Tiff of the Titans . Additionally , the 2011 comic series DuckTales makes reference to Darkwing Duck and features various villains from the series . A crossover between the Darkwing Duck comic series and the DuckTales comic series occurs respectively in the seventeenth and eighteenth issues and the fifth and sixth issues of the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clifford_Sifton", "text": "Sir Clifford Sifton , PC , KCMG , KC ( March 10 , 1861 - April 17 , 1929 ) , was a Canadian lawyer and a long-time Liberal politician , best known for being Minister of the Interior under Sir Wilfrid Laurier . He was responsible for encouraging the massive amount of immigration in Canada which occurred during the first decade of the 20th century . In 1905 , he broke with Laurier and resigned from cabinet on the issue of publicly funded religious education in the new provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Washington_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Washington Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Washington in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Washington is one of the more successful states at Miss Teen USA , having placed on eight occasions . Their highest placement came in 1985 , when Dru Homer placed 2nd runner-up to Kelly Hu of Hawaii . Their most successful decades have been the 1980s and 2000s . The state failed to place in the 1990s . Alex Carlson-Helo is the first Miss Washington Teen USA who also won Miss Washington USA . Washington is the last state to have a Teen crossover to Miss . Marianne Bautista of Seattle was crowned Miss Washington Teen USA 2020 on November 3 , 2019 at Highline Performing Arts Center in Burien . She will represent Washington for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minneapolis,_Minnesota", "text": "Minneapolis ( /ˌmɪniˈæpəlɪs/ ( listen ) ) is the county seat of Hennepin County and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States . As of 2018 , Minneapolis is the largest city in the state of Minnesota and 46th-largest in the United States , with an estimated population of 425,403 . The Twin Cities metropolitan area consists of Minneapolis , its neighbor Saint Paul and suburbs which altogether contain about 3.63 million people , and is the third-largest economic and population center in the Midwest . Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River , just north of the river 's confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Saint Paul , the state 's capital . The city is abundantly rich in water , with 13 lakes , wetlands , the Mississippi River , creeks and waterfalls ; many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway . It was once the world 's flour milling capital and a hub for timber . The city and surrounding region is the primary business center between Chicago and Seattle . Minneapolis is home to five Fortune 500 companies , and the Twin Cities are the fifth-largest hub of major corporate headquarters in the United States . Minneapolis has one of the highest percentages of LGBT populations in the U.S . Noted for its strong music and performing arts scenes , Minneapolis is home to both the award-winning Guthrie Theater and the historic First Avenue nightclub . Reflecting the region 's status as an epicenter of folk , funk , and alternative rock music , the city served as the launching pad for several of the 20th century 's most influential musicians , including Bob Dylan and Prince . Minneapolis has also become noted for its underground and independent hip-hop and rap scenes , producing artists such as Lizzo , Brother Ali , Atmosphere , and Dessa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UKTV_(Australia_and_New_Zealand)", "text": "BBC UKTV is an Australian pay television channel in Australia and New Zealand , screening British entertainment programming , sourced mainly from the archives of the BBC , RTL Group ( mainly Talkback Thames material ) and ITV plc . The channel was originally a joint venture with Foxtel ( 60% ownership ) , the RTL Group ( 20% ownership ) and BBC Worldwide ( 20% ownership ) . It is now owned solely by BBC Studios . It is the home of the channel 's flagship programme The Graham Norton Show ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Template:Rochester_TV", "text": "Initial visibility : currently defaults to autocollapse To set this template 's initial visibility , the |state= parameter may be used :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Seaforde", "text": "Seaforde is a small village in County Down , Northern Ireland . It is within the townland of Naghan , one mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Clough on the main Ballynahinch to Newcastle road . It is part of the Newry , Mourne and Down area . The village is clustered round the parish church of 1720 and the demesne walls of Seaforde House . In 1828 the Almshouses were built by Colonel Mathew Forde MP and were intended to house six elderly people and the village courthouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pirot", "text": "Pirot ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пирот ) is a city and the administrative center of the Pirot District in southeastern Serbia . According to 2011 census , the urban area of the city has a population of 38,785 , while the population of the city administrative area has 57,928 inhabitants . The city has a rich geographical features , including the mountains of Stara Planina , Vlaška Planina , Belava , Suva Planina ; rivers which flow through the town , including Nišava , Jerma , Rasnička Reka , Temštica and the Visočica ; and four lakes , the Zavoj Lake , Berovacko Lake , Krupac Lake and Sukovo Lake . It also has a rich culture , with notable Orthodox church buildings , including the Church of St. Petka , and the monastery of St. Georges and St. John the Theologian from the late 14th century , both of which display an example of medieval architecture . Pirot is known for its traditional woven carpet , the Pirot carpet ( Serbian : pirotski ćilim ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2009", "text": "The 10th Annual Latin Grammy Awards took place on Thursday , November 5 , 2009 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . This was the second time the show took place in Las Vegas . Juan Gabriel was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 4 , the day prior to the telecast . Calle 13 were the big winners , winning five awards including Album of the Year . 2009 marked the ten-year anniversary of the Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Touch_of_Class_(band)", "text": "A Touch of Class ( often shortened in initials as ATC ) were an international pop group based in Germany , although the four members each came from different countries - Joseph Joey Murray ( born July 5 , 1974 ) from New Zealand , Sarah Egglestone ( b. April 4 , 1975 ) from Australia , Livio Salvi ( b. January 25 , 1977 ) from Italy , and Tracey Elizabeth Packham ( b. July 30 , 1977 ) from the United Kingdom . The pop group was active from 1999 to 2003 and their most successful release was Around the World ( La La La La La ) , released in 2000 . The group disbanded in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Houston_Oilers_season", "text": "The 1963 Houston Oilers season was the fourth season for the Houston Oilers as a professional American football franchise . Houston had won the first two league championships and were runners-up in 1962 , which went to a second overtime . In 1963 , the Oilers lost their final four games to finish at 6-8 , 1½ games behind the Boston Patriots and Buffalo Bills in the Eastern division . They failed to win the division ( and qualify for the title game ) for the first time in franchise history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illogan", "text": "Illogan ( pronounced illuggan , Cornish : Egloshalow ) is a village and civil parish in west Cornwall , England , UK , two miles ( 3 km ) northwest of Redruth . The population of Illogan was 5,404 at the 2011 census . In the same year the population of the Camborne-Redruth urban area , which also includes Carn Brea , Illogan and several satellite villages , stood at 55,400 making it the largest conurbation in Cornwall . Originally a rural area supporting itself by farming and agriculture , Illogan shared in the general leap into prosperity brought about by the mining boom , which was experienced by the whole Camborne-Redruth area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patillas,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Patillas ( Spanish pronunciation : [ paˈtiʎas ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in the southeastern coast , south of San Lorenzo ; west of Yabucoa and Maunabo ; and east of Guayama and Arroyo . It is spread over 15 wards and Patillas Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is part of the Guayama Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Addison_Farmer", "text": "Addison Gerald Farmer ( August 21 , 1928 , Council Bluffs , Iowa - February 20 , 1963 , New York City ) was an American jazz bassist . He was the twin brother of Art Farmer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aargauer_Zeitung", "text": "Aargauer Zeitung ( English : Aargauer Newspaper ) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper , published by AZ Medien Gruppe , Aarau , Aargau ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trump_Marina", "text": "Golden Nugget Atlantic City is a hotel , casino , and marina located in Atlantic City , New Jersey . Opened in 1985 as Trump 's Castle , it was renamed Trump Marina in 1997 . Landry 's , Inc. purchased the casino from Trump Entertainment Resorts in February 2011 , and the sale was approved in late May . Landry 's took control of the property on May 23 , 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peckham", "text": "Peckham ( /ˈpɛkəm/ ) is a district of South London , England , within the London Borough of Southwark . It is 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) south-east of Charing Cross . At the 2001 Census the Peckham ward had a population of 14,720 . Peckham was originally part of the parish of Camberwell in Surrey , which became the Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell within the County of London in 1889 . In 1965 , the borough was abolished and the area became part of the newly-created London Borough of Southwark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scuderia_Ferrari", "text": "Scuderia Ferrari S.p.A. ( Italian : [ skudeˈriːa ferˈraːri ] ) is the racing division of luxury Italian auto manufacturer Ferrari and the racing team that competes in Formula One racing . The team is also nicknamed The Prancing Horse , with reference to their logo . It is the oldest surviving and most successful Formula One team , having competed in every world championship since the 1950 Formula One season . The team was founded by Enzo Ferrari , initially to race cars produced by Alfa Romeo , though by 1947 Ferrari had begun building its own cars . Among its important achievements outside Formula One are winning the World Sportscar Championship , 24 Hours of Le Mans , 24 Hours of Spa , 24 Hours of Daytona , 12 Hours of Sebring , Bathurst 12 Hour , races for Grand tourer cars and racing on road courses of the Targa Florio , the Mille Miglia and the Carrera Panamericana . As a constructor , Ferrari has a record 16 Constructors ' Championships , the last of which was won in 2008 . Alberto Ascari , Juan Manuel Fangio , Mike Hawthorn , Phil Hill , John Surtees , Niki Lauda , Jody Scheckter , Michael Schumacher and Kimi Räikkönen have won a record 15 Drivers ' Championships for the team . Since Räikkönen 's title in 2007 the team narrowly lost out on the 2008 drivers ' title with Felipe Massa and the 2010 and 2012 drivers ' titles with Fernando Alonso . Michael Schumacher is the team 's most successful driver . Joining the team in 1996 and departing in 2006 he won five drivers ' titles and 72 Grands Prix for the team . His titles came consecutively between 2000 and 2004 , and the team won consecutive constructors ' title from 1999 until the end of 2004 ; this was the team 's most successful period . Currently , Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc are the two main race drivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balkh_province", "text": "Balkh ( Pashto and Persian : بلخ , Balx ) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan , located in the north of the country . It is divided into 15 districts and has a population of about 1,245,100 , which is multi-ethnic and mostly a Persian-speaking society . The city of Mazar-i-Sharif serves as the capital of the province . The Mazar-e Sharif International Airport and Camp Marmal sit on the eastern edge of Mazar-i-Sharif . The name of the province is derived from the ancient city of Balkh , near the modern town . The city of Mazar-e-Sharif has been an important stop on the trade routes from the Far East to the Middle East , the Mediterranean and Europe . Home to the famous blue mosque , it was once destroyed by Genghis Khan but later rebuilt by Timur . The city of Balkh and the area of Balkh Province was considered a part of various historical regions in history including Ariana and Greater Khorasan . It serves today as Afghanistan 's second but main gateway to Central Asia , the other being Sherkhan Bandar in the Kunduz Province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Inter_Milan", "text": "Football Club Internazionale Milano , commonly referred to as Internazionale ( pronounced [ ˌinternattsjoˈnaːle ] ) or simply Inter , and known as Inter Milan outside Italy , is an Italian professional football club based in Milan , Lombardy . Inter is the only Italian club to have never been relegated from the top flight . Founded in 1908 following a schism within the Milan Cricket and Football Club ( now A.C. Milan ) , Inter won its first championship in 1910 . Since its formation , the club has won 30 domestic trophies , including 18 league titles , 7 Coppa Italia and 5 Supercoppa Italiana . From 2006 to 2010 , the club won five successive league titles , equalling the all-time record at that time . They have won the Champions League three times : two back-to-back in 1964 and 1965 and then another in 2010 . Their latest win completed an unprecedented Italian seasonal treble , with Inter winning the Coppa Italia and the Scudetto the same year . The club has also won three UEFA Cups , two Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup . Inter 's home games are played at the San Siro stadium , which they share with local rivals A.C. Milan . The stadium is the largest in Italian football with a capacity of 80,018 . Matches between A.C. Milan and Inter , known as the Derby della Madonnina , are one of the most followed derbies in football . As of 2019 [ update ] , Inter has the highest home game attendance in Italy and the sixth hightest attendance in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997–98_NHL_season", "text": "The 1997-98 NHL season was the 81st regular season of the National Hockey League . The Stanley Cup champions were the Detroit Red Wings , who swept the Washington Capitals in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tilghman_Howard", "text": "Tilghman Ashurst Howard ( November 14 , 1797 - August 16 , 1844 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and diplomat from Indiana . He was born near Easley , South Carolina . He moved to Knoxville , Tennessee , in 1816 and was admitted to the bar there in 1818 . In 1830 , he moved to Bloomington , Indiana , and in 1833 to Rockville , Indiana . President Andrew Jackson appointed him US Attorney for Indiana , and he served as such from 1833 to 1839 . In 1838 , he sought , unsuccessfully , to be elected to the U.S. Senate . He was elected to the United States House of Representatives on August 5 , 1839 , and served until he resigned on July 1 , 1840 . In 1841 , Tilghman unsuccessfully defended the blacksmith Noah Beauchamp against a murder charge . Beauchamp was convicted and executed in Parke County , Indiana . He sought election as Governor of Indiana in 1840 and as United States Senator in 1843 but was unsuccessful . He was appointed chargé d'affaires to the Republic of Texas on June 11 , 1844 , and presented his credentials on August 2 , 1844 ; he served all of two weeks before his untimely death in Washington-on-the-Brazos , Texas , at the age of 46 . Tilghman Howard is buried in Rockville , Indiana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ruth_B", "text": "Ruth Berhe ( born July 2 , 1995 ) , better known by her stage name Ruth B. , is a Canadian singer and songwriter from Edmonton , Alberta . She started by singing songs on Vine in early 2013 . In November 2015 , she released her debut extended play , The Intro . On May 5 , 2017 , she released her debut album , Safe Haven . The album has gathered over 615 million overall streams on Spotify , as of February 2020 . Her hit single Lost Boy has accumulated over 470 million streams on Spotify alone as of February 2020 , while her YouTube channel has received a total of 245 million views ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disney_XD", "text": "Disney XD is an American pay television channel which is owned by the Walt Disney Television unit of The Walt Disney Company through Disney Channels Worldwide . Aimed primarily at children ages 6-15 , its programming consists of original first-run television series , current and former original series and made-for-TV films from sister network Disney Channel , theatrically-released films , and acquired programs from other distributors , including Pokémon the Series : Sun & Moon and Beyblade Burst , along with a primetime block of programming involving competitive gaming . The channel offers an alternate Spanish-language audio feed , either via a separate channel with the English track removed as part of a package of Spanish-language television networks sold by subscription providers or a separate audio track accessible through the SAP option , depending on the provider . As of January 2016 , Disney XD is available to 77.5 million households in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fenerbahçe_Men's_Basketball", "text": "Fenerbahçe Basketball ( Turkish : Fenerbahçe Basketbol ) , commonly known as Fenerbahçe ( Turkish pronunciation : [ feˈnæɾbahtʃe ] ) , currently also known as Fenerbahçe Beko for sponsorship reasons , are a professional basketball team and the men 's basketball department of Fenerbahçe SK , a major Turkish multi-sport club based in Istanbul , Turkey . They are one of the most successful clubs in Turkish basketball history , the only Turkish team to have won the EuroLeague , as well as 12 Turkish championships ( 9 titles in the Turkish Super League and 3 in the former Turkish Basketball Championship ) , 7 Turkish Cups , and 7 Turkish Super Cups , among others . They play their home matches at the club 's own Ülker Sports Arena . Besides the European championship title in 2017 , which was secured by a convincing 80-64 win against Greek powerhouse Olympiacos in the final , Fenerbahçe have also been EuroLeague runners-up in 2016 and 2018 . Fener also have played in five consecutive EuroLeague Final Fours ( 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , 2019 ) to date , a record in Turkish basketball . Currently , Fenerbahçe are dominating the Turkish Super League , which is considered to be one of the best European national domestic basketball leagues . The club swept through the Turkish League playoffs in the 2017-18 season with only one defeat , defeating Tofaş in the finals , with a 4-1 series sweep . The team lost only four Turkish League matches in the whole season . Many memorable players in European basketball have played for Fenerbahçe over the years , some of which have included : İbrahim Kutluay , Mirsad Türkcan , Šarūnas Jasikevičius , Žan Tabak , Conrad McRae , Nemanja Bjelica , Ömer Aşık , Thabo Sefolosha , Linas Kleiza , Ömer Onan , David Andersen , Harun Erdenay , Damir Mršić , Bojan Bogdanović , Semih Erden , Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf , Tanoka Beard , Nikos Zisis , James Gist , Gordan Giriček , Mike Batiste , Marko Milič , Will Solomon , Bo McCalebb , Ekpe Udoh , Pero Antić , Luigi Datome , Nikola Kalinić , Kostas Sloukas , Jan Veselý , Ali Muhammed , Nicolò Melli , and Bogdan Bogdanović . Since 2013 the coach of the team is Željko Obradović , who is generally considered to be the greatest European coach in basketball history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leo_Varadkar", "text": "Leo Eric Varadkar ( /vəˈrædkər/ və-RAD-kər ; born 18 January 1979 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach , Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017 . He has also been a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Dublin West constituency since 2007 . Varadkar was born in Dublin and studied medicine at Trinity College Dublin . He spent several years as a non-consultant hospital doctor , eventually qualifying as a general practitioner in 2010 . In 2004 , he joined Fine Gael and became a member of Fingal County Council and later served as Deputy Mayor . He was elected to Dáil Éireann for the first time in 2007 . He later served in the Kenny Government , as Minister for Social Protection from 2016 to 2017 , Minister for Health from 2014 to 2016 and Minister for Transport , Tourism and Sport from 2011 to 2014 . In May 2017 , Kenny announced that he would resign as Taoiseach and Fine Gael Leader . Varadkar stood in the leadership election to replace him ; although more party members voted for his opponent , Simon Coveney , he won by a significant margin among members of the Oireachtas , and was elected leader on 2 June . 12 days later , he was appointed Taoiseach , and at 38 years old became the youngest person to hold the office . During the 2015 same-sex marriage referendum , Varadkar came out as gay , becoming the first Irish Minister to do so . He is Ireland 's first , and the world 's fourth , openly gay head of government in modern times , and first Taoiseach of Indian heritage ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Literae_Humaniores", "text": "Literae humaniores , nicknamed greats , is an undergraduate course focused on classics ( Ancient Rome , Ancient Greece , Latin , ancient Greek , and philosophy ) at the University of Oxford and some other universities . The Latin name means literally more human literature and was in contrast to the other main field of study when the university began , i.e . res divinae , also known as theology . Lit . hum . is concerned with human learning , and lit . div . with learning that came from God . In its early days , it encompassed mathematics and natural sciences as well . It is an archetypal humanities course ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kang_Woo-suk", "text": "Kang Woo-suk ( born November 10 , 1960 in Gyeongsan ) is a South Korean film producer and director . He has often been called the most powerful man in Korean cinema , topping Cine21 magazine 's list of '50 Most Powerful Men in Korean Cinema ' for seven consecutive years from 1998 to 2004 . Kang started as a director of successful comedy films before directing Two Cops in 1993 , a box office hit whose success at the time was only surpassed by Sopyonje . More recently , he has directed several Korean blockbusters , including the Public Enemy series ( Public Enemy , Another Public Enemy , and Public Enemy Returns ) and Silmido . After the success of Two Cops Kang founded his own film production and distribution company , Cinema Service , which has since become the biggest homegrown studio in the Korean film industry and along with CJ Entertainment , one of the two largest film distributors in South Korea . In 2005 Kang stepped down from the position of president of Cinema Service , claiming he intends to concentrate more on his personal film projects ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princess_Jasmine", "text": "Princess Jasmine is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures ' 31st animated feature film Aladdin ( 1992 ) . Voiced by American actress Linda Larkin - with a singing voice provided by Filipina singer Lea Salonga - Jasmine is the spirited Princess of Agrabah , who has grown weary of her life of palace confinement . Despite an age-old law stipulating that the princess must marry a prince in time for her upcoming birthday , Jasmine is instead determined to marry someone she loves for who he is as opposed to what he owns . Created by directors Ron Clements and John Musker with screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio , Jasmine is based on Badroulbadour , a princess who appears in the One Thousand and One Nights folktale Aladdin and the Magical Lamp . Originally conceived as a spoiled , materialistic princess , the writers eventually re-wrote Jasmine into a stronger and more prominent heroine following the elimination of Aladdin 's mother from the script , while borrowing story elements from the romantic comedy Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) . Several months after securing the role , Larkin was nearly fired from the project because Disney executive Jeffrey Katzenberg felt that her voice was not suitable for a princess , but Clements and Musker managed to convince him otherwise . Discovered by casting director Albert Tavares , Lea Salonga was cast as Jasmine 's singing voice based on her performance in the musical Miss Saigon ; this unprecedented casting decision made Jasmine the first Disney Princess to have her speaking and singing voices provided by two different actresses . Animated by Mark Henn , Jasmine 's design is an eclectic combination of unique sources , including an anonymous theme park guest , Henn 's own sister , and actress Jennifer Connelly . Unlike most of Disney 's princesses , Jasmine is a supporting character in her own film , taking the secondary role of the love interest . The character has garnered mixed-to-positive reviews , with much of her character arc compared unfavorably to her predecessors Ariel and Belle from The Little Mermaid ( 1989 ) and Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 ) but has been praised for her personality and her chemistry with Aladdin . As the sixth Disney Princess and the franchise 's first non-European member , the character is credited with introducing racial diversity to Disney 's princess genre . Jasmine has made subsequent appearances in Aladdin 's sequels The Return of Jafar ( 1994 ) and Aladdin and the King of Thieves ( 1996 ) , as well as its television series and a Broadway musical adaption of the film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golungo_Alto", "text": "Golungo Alto is a town , with a population of 19,992 ( 2014 ) , and a municipality in Cuanza Norte Province in Angola . The writer Rosária da Silva was born in Golungo Alto in 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oral_administration", "text": "Oral administration is a route of administration where a substance is taken through the mouth . Per os ( P.O . ) is sometimes used as an abbreviation for medication to be taken orally . Many medications are taken orally because they are intended to have a systemic effect , reaching different parts of the body via the bloodstream , for example ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geberit", "text": "Geberit ( German pronunciation : [ ˈɡəbeːrɪt ] or [ ˈɡəbeːʁɪt ] ) is a Swiss multinational group specialized in manufacturing and supplying sanitary parts and related systems . It is a leader in its field in Europe with a global presence through its subsidiaries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Garuda_Rekhe", "text": "Garuda Rekhe ( Kannada : ಗರುಡ ರೇಖೆ ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film , directed by P. S. Prakash and produced by G. S. Vasu , P. Sheshaiah , B. Manmatha Rao , M. Shivaji Rao , N. M. Victor and P. Venkata Reddy . The film stars Srinath , Ambika , Madhavi , Hema Chowdhary and Vajramuni in the lead roles . The film has musical score by Sathyam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mattias_Asper", "text": "Mattias Asper ( born March 20 , 1974 in Sölvesborg ) is a retired Swedish football goalkeeper . He has played 3 international matches for Sweden national football team , and was a squad member in the UEFA Euro 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990–91_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1990 season began on January 5 , 1991 . The postseason tournament concluded with the New York Giants defeating the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXV , 20-19 , on January 27 , at Tampa Stadium in Tampa , Florida . The league expanded its playoff system from a 10-team to a 12-team tournament , which is still in use . With these changes , three wild card teams ( those non-division champions with the conference 's best won-lost-tied percentages ) qualified , up from two the year before . The format consisted of the following :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Seoul", "text": "Seoul ( /soʊl/ , like soul ; Korean : 서울 [ sʌ.ul ] ( listen ) ; lit . Capital ) , officially the Seoul Special City , is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea . Seoul forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area . Ranked as an alpha world city , Seoul was the world 's 4th largest metropolitan economy with a GDP of US $ 635 billion in 2014 after Tokyo , New York City and Los Angeles . International visitors generally reach Seoul via AREX from the Incheon International Airport , notable for having been rated the best airport for nine consecutive years ( 2005-2013 ) by the Airports Council International . In 2015 , it was rated Asia 's most livable city with the second highest quality of life globally by Arcadis , with the GDP per capita ( PPP ) in Seoul being around $ 40,000 . In 2017 , the cost of living in Seoul was ranked 6th globally . In 2018 , Seoul 's real estate market was ranked 5th in the world for the price of apartments in the downtown center. , Seoul was one of the host cities for the official tournament of the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Korea/Japan . With major technology hubs centered in Gangnam and Digital Media City , the Seoul Capital Area is home to the headquarters of 15 Fortune Global 500 companies , including Samsung , LG , and Hyundai . Ranked seventh in the Global Power City Index and Global Financial Centres Index , the metropolis exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences . Seoul has hosted the 1986 Asian Games , 1988 Summer Olympics , 2002 FIFA World Cup , and more recently the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit . Seoul was the capital of various Korean kingdoms , including Baekje , Joseon , and the Korean Empire and served as the secondary capital of Goryeo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K._Standaard_Wetteren", "text": "Standaard Wetteren was a Belgian association football club team from Wetteren . Its matricule ( 5479 ) still exists as it was sold to investors who created a new team , RWDM47 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hi-Heel_Sneakers", "text": "Hi-Heel Sneakers ( often also spelled High Heel Sneakers ) is a blues song written and recorded by Tommy Tucker in 1963 . Blues writer Mary Katherine Aldin describes it as an uptempo twelve-bar blues , with a spare , lilting musical framework , and a strong vocal . The song 's rhythmic approach has also been compared to that of Jimmy Reed . Tucker 's lyrics recall the time he spent as a Golden Gloves boxer in the 1950s :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Hawthorne,_Queensland", "text": "Hawthorne is suburb of Brisbane , Australia , located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of the CBD ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010_Wigan_Warriors_season", "text": "The 2010 Wigan Warriors season is the club 's fifteenth season in the Super League , since its launch in 1996 . Wigan Warriors entered the season following their sixth-placed league finish and subsequent play-off knock-out in the 2009 Super League season , as well as their semi-final knock-out in the 2009 Challenge Cup . The 2010 season is the eleventh year in which rugby league has been played at the town 's DW Stadium . Michael Maguire started in his position as the new head coach of the club during this season , following Brian Noble 's departure . It is also the first season for Paul Deacon , who signed for the club in November 2009 . It was the first season in which the captaincy of the team was allocated through a newly formed leadership team of five players ( later expanded to six players ) . The season covers the period between 1 November 2009 and 31 October 2010. following three pre-season friendlies , the season started officially with the 38-6 victory over Crusaders RL at the DW Stadium in the Super League XV round 1 fixture on Friday 5 February 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Censer", "text": "A censer , incense burner , perfume burner or pastille burner ( these may be hyphenated ) is a vessel made for burning incense or perfume in some solid form . These vessels vary greatly in size , form , and material of construction , and have been in use since ancient times in many cultures , in both secular and religious contexts . They may consist of simple earthenware bowls or fire pots to intricately carved silver or gold vessels , small table top objects a few centimetres tall to as many as several metres high . Many designs use openwork to allow a flow of air . In many cultures , burning incense has spiritual and religious connotations , and this influences the design and decoration of the censer . Often , especially in Western contexts , censer is used for pieces made for religious use , especially those on chains that are swung through the air to spread the incense smoke widely , while perfume burner is used for objects made for secular use . The original meaning of pastille was a small compressed mixture of aromatic plant material and charcoal that was lit to release the odour , and pastille-burners were designed for this , for use in the home . The pastilles were made at home until their heyday in the early 19th century , and the burners are often made in pottery or porcelain . Some types could also be used as pomanders , where the perfume diffuses slowly by evaporation rather than burning ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J.A._Jones_Construction", "text": "J.A . Jones Construction was a heavy construction company headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina . Operating internationally since the 1950s , it merged with Germany 's Philipp Holzmann AG in 1979 . In 2003 the company ceased operations due to the failure of its parent company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland", "text": "Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a country situated in the confluence of western , central , and southern Europe . [ note 4 ] It is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons , with federal authorities seated in Bern . [ note 1 ] Switzerland is a landlocked country bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau , the Alps , and the Jura , spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 ( 15,940 sq mi ) , and land area of 39,997 km2 ( 15,443 sq mi ) . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are located , among them the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva . The establishment of the Old Swiss Confederacy dates to the late medieval period , resulting from a series of military successes against Austria and Burgundy . Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire was formally recognized in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . The Federal Charter of 1291 is considered the founding document of Switzerland which is celebrated on Swiss National Day . Since the Reformation of the 16th century , Switzerland has maintained a strong policy of armed neutrality ; it has not fought an international war since 1815 and did not join the United Nations until 2002 . Nevertheless , it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world . Switzerland is the birthplace of the Red Cross , one of the world 's oldest and best known humanitarian organisations , and is home to numerous international organisations , including the second largest UN office . It is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association , but notably not part of the European Union , the European Economic Area or the Eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Arkwright_junior", "text": "Richard Arkwright junior ( 19 December 1755 - 23 April 1843 ) , the son of Sir Richard Arkwright of Cromford , Derbyshire , was the financier ( creditor ) of Samuel Oldknow of Marple and Mellor and a personal friend . His son Captain Arkwright married Francis Kemble , daughter of the theatre manager Stephen Kemble ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helge_Larsson", "text": "Helge Larsson ( October 25 , 1916 - November 19 , 1971 ) was a Swedish sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1930s . He won the bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Altach", "text": "Altach is a municipality in Feldkirch district in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wide-body_aircraft", "text": "A wide-body aircraft , also known as a twin-aisle aircraft , is a jet airliner with a fuselage wide enough to accommodate two passenger aisles with seven or more seats abreast . The typical fuselage diameter is 5 to 6 m ( 16 to 20 ft ) . In the typical wide-body economy cabin , passengers are seated seven to ten abreast , allowing a total capacity of 200 to 850 passengers . The largest wide-body aircraft are over 6 m ( 20 ft ) wide , and can accommodate up to eleven passengers abreast in high-density configurations . By comparison , a typical narrow-body airliner has a diameter of 3 to 4 m ( 10 to 13 ft ) , with a single aisle , and seats between two and six people abreast . Wide-body aircraft were originally designed for a combination of efficiency and passenger comfort and to increase the amount of cargo space . However , airlines quickly gave in to economic factors , and reduced the extra passenger space in order to maximize revenue and profits . Wide-body aircraft are also used for the transport of commercial freight and cargo and other special uses , described further below . The biggest wide-body aircraft are known as jumbo jets due to their very large size ; examples include the Boeing 747 ( the first wide-body and original jumbo jet ) , Airbus A380 ( superjumbo jet ) , and Boeing 777X ( mini jumbo jet ) . The phrase jumbo jet derives from Jumbo , a circus elephant in the 19th century . Seven-abreast aircraft typically seat 160 to 260 passengers , eight-abreast 250 to 380 , nine- and ten-abreast 350 to 480 . Up to the end of 2017 , nearly 8,800 wide-body airplanes had been delivered since 1969 , peaking at 412 in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Pembroke", "text": "The University of North Carolina at Pembroke ( UNCP or UNC Pembroke ) is a public university in Pembroke , North Carolina . UNC Pembroke is a master 's level degree-granting university and part of the University of North Carolina system . Its history is intertwined with that of the Lumbee nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saturday_Night_Live_(season_40)", "text": "Saturday Night Live premiered its fortieth season during the 2014-15 television season on NBC . The season premiered on September 27 , 2014 , with host Chris Pratt and musical guest Ariana Grande and came to a conclusion on May 16 , 2015 , with host Louis C.K . and musical guest Rihanna . Former cast member Darrell Hammond succeeded Don Pardo , who had died in August , as the show 's new announcer . The premiere included an interstitial photograph of Pardo - SNL 's announcer since it premiered in 1975 ( with the exception of season 7 and episode 14 of season 21 - where Hammond took his place ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brady_Clark_(curler)", "text": "Brady Clark ( born September 12 , 1977 ) is an American curler from Lynnwood , Washington . Clark is a ten-time national mixed champion , three-time national mixed doubles champion , and two-time national men 's champion ( 2013 & 2016 ) . He has played in three World Mixed Doubles Curling Championships and one World Men 's Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kering", "text": "Kering S.A. ( French : [ kɛːʁiŋ ] ) is a French international luxury group based in Paris , France , and specialized in luxury goods . The luxury brands owned by the group include Gucci , Yves Saint Laurent , Balenciaga , Alexander McQueen , Bottega Veneta , Boucheron , Brioni and Pomellato . The company was founded in 1963 by François Pinault . It was quoted on Euronext Paris in 1988 and has been a constituent of the CAC 40 index since 1995 . François-Henri Pinault is Chairman and CEO of the group since 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 2014 Winter Olympics , officially called the XXII Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XXIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) ( Russian : XXII Олимпийские зимние игры , tr . XXII Olimpiyskiye zimniye igry ) and commonly known as Sochi 2014 , was an international winter multi-sport event that was held from 7 to 23 February 2014 in Sochi , Krasnodar Krai , Russia , with opening rounds in certain events held on the eve of the opening ceremony , 6 February 2014 . Both the Olympics and 2014 Winter Paralympics were organized by the Sochi Organizing Committee ( SOOC ) . Sochi was selected as the host city in July 2007 , during the 119th IOC Session held in Guatemala City . It was the first Olympics to be held in a CIS state since the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 . The Soviet Union was previously the host nation for the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow . These were the first Olympic Games under the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) presidency of Thomas Bach . A record 98 events in fifteen winter sport disciplines were held during the Games . A number of new competitions - a total of twelve accounting for gender - were held during the Games , including biathlon mixed relay , women 's ski jumping , mixed-team figure skating , mixed-team luge , half-pipe skiing , ski and snowboard slopestyle , and snowboard parallel slalom . The events were held around two clusters of new venues : an Olympic Park constructed in Sochi 's Imeretinsky Valley on the coast of the Black Sea , with Fisht Olympic Stadium , and the Games ' indoor venues located within walking distance , and snow events in the resort settlement of Krasnaya Polyana . The 2014 Winter Olympics were the most expensive Games in the history of the Olympics . While originally budgeted at US $ 12 billion , major cost overruns , caused this figure to expand to US $ 51 billion , more than three times the cost of the 2012 London Olympics and even surpassing the estimated $ 44 billion cost of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monogorilby,_Queensland", "text": "Monogorilby is a locality in the North Burnett Region , Queensland , Australia . The neighbourhood of Allies Creek is located in the south-east of Monogorilby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Empire_ships_-_P", "text": "Hundreds of Empire ships were employed by the Government of the United Kingdom . They were acquired from a number of sources : many were built for the government ; others obtained from the United States ; still others were captured or seized from enemy powers . Empire ships were mostly used during World War II by the Ministry of War Transport ( MoWT ) , which owned the ships but contracted out their management to various shipping lines ; however , some ships requisitioned during the Suez Crisis were also named as Empire ships . Most Empire ships have since been lost or scrapped ; however a few still remain in active service or preserved ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1948_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1948 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 16th season in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team finished the season with a record of 4-8 , failing to qualify for the playoffs . This season marked the first played with John Michelosen as head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Women's_50_metre_rifle_three_positions_pairs", "text": "The Women 's 25 metre pistol pairs event took place at 5 October 2010 at the CRPF Campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirillo-Belozersky_Monastery", "text": "Kirillo-Belozersky Monastery ( Russian : Кирилло-Белозерский монастырь ) , translated into English as White Lake [ translation of the town name of Beloozero ] St. Cyril 's Monastery , used to be the largest monastery and the strongest fortress in Northern Russia . The monastery was consecrated to the Feast of the Dormition of the Theotokos , for which cause it was sometimes referred to as the Dormition Monastery of St. Cyril . By the 20th century , the town of Kirillov had grown nearby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zurich_Insurance_Group", "text": "Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. is a Swiss insurance company , commonly known as Zurich , headquartered in Zürich , Switzerland . The company is Switzerland 's largest insurer . As of 2017 , the group is the world 's 91st largest public company according to Forbes ' Global 2000s list , and in 2011 it ranked 94th in Interbrand 's top 100 brands . Zurich is a global insurance company which is organized into three core business segments : General Insurance , Global Life and Farmers . Zurich employs almost 54,000 people serving customers in more than 170 countries and territories around the globe . The company is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange . As of 2012 it had shareholders ' equity of $ 34.494 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elisabeth_Shue", "text": "Elisabeth Judson Shue ( born October 6 , 1963 ) is an American actress , best known for her starring roles in the films The Karate Kid ( 1984 ) , Adventures in Babysitting ( 1987 ) , Cocktail ( 1988 ) , Back to the Future Part II ( 1989 ) , Back to the Future Part III ( 1990 ) , Soapdish ( 1991 ) , Leaving Las Vegas ( 1995 ) , The Saint ( 1997 ) , Hollow Man ( 2000 ) , and Piranha 3D ( 2010 ) . She has won several acting awards and has been nominated for an Academy Award , a Golden Globe and a BAFTA . She starred as Julie Finlay in the CBS procedural forensics crime drama CSI : Crime Scene Investigation from 2012 to 2015 . More recently she had supporting roles in Battle of the Sexes ( 2017 ) and Death Wish ( 2018 ) . She was also a series regular in the first season of the Amazon series The Boys ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pavol_Hochschorner", "text": "Pavol Hochschorner ( born 7 September 1979 ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 1996 . Competing together with his twin brother Peter Hochschorner , they are the most successful C2 paddlers in the history of canoe slalom . He won three Olympic gold medals in the C2 event in 2000 , 2004 and 2008 and one bronze medal in 2012 . Hochschorner also won fourteen medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with six golds ( C2 : 2002 , 2007 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 ; C2 team : 2009 ) , four silvers ( C2 team : 1999 , 2011 , 2013 , 2014 ) and four bronzes ( C2 : 2003 , 2006 ; C2 team : 2006 , 2007 ) . Hochschorner has won the overall World Cup title 10 times ( 1999-2004 , 2006-2008 and 2011 ) with his twin brother , which is a record in any category . At the European Championships he has won a total of 17 medals ( 11 golds , 3 silvers and 3 bronzes ) . He lives in Čunovo , a borough of the Slovak capital Bratislava ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Czech_Republic", "text": "The Czech Republic ( /ˈtʃɛk -/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česká republika [ ˈtʃɛskaː ˈrɛpublɪka ] ( listen ) ) , also known by its short-form name , Czechia ( /ˈtʃɛkiə/ ( listen ) ; Czech : Česko [ ˈtʃɛsko ] ( listen ) ) , is a country in Central Europe bordered by Poland to the northeast , Slovakia to the southeast , Austria to the south , and Germany to the west . The Czech Republic is a landlocked country with a hilly landscape that covers an area of 78,866 square kilometers ( 30,450 sq mi ) with a mostly temperate continental climate and oceanic climate . It is a unitary parliamentary republic , with 10.7 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Prague , with 1.3 million residents ; other major cities are Brno , Ostrava , Olomouc and Pilsen . The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia , Moravia , and Czech Silesia . The Czech state was formed in the late ninth century as the Duchy of Bohemia under the Great Moravian Empire . In 1002 , the duchy was formally recognized as an Imperial State of the Holy Roman Empire along with the Kingdom of Germany , the Kingdom of Burgundy , the Kingdom of Italy ; and became the Kingdom of Bohemia in 1198 , reaching its greatest territorial extent in the 14th century . Prague was the imperial seat in periods between the 14th and 17th century . The Protestant Bohemian Reformation of the 15th century led to the Hussite Wars , the first of many conflicts with the Catholic Church . Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526 , the whole Crown of Bohemia was gradually integrated into the Habsburg Monarchy . The Protestant Bohemian Revolt ( 1618-20 ) against the Catholic Habsburgs led to the Thirty Years ' War . After the Battle of the White Mountain , the Habsburgs consolidated their rule , eradicated Protestantism , reimposed Catholicism , and adopted a policy of gradual Germanization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chorleywood", "text": "Chorleywood is a village and civil parish in the Three Rivers District , Hertfordshire , England , in the far southwest of the county on the border with Buckinghamshire , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of Charing Cross . It is part of the London commuter belt and included in the government-defined Greater London Urban Area . The parish of Chorleywood was created in 1845 from part of the parish of Rickmansworth . The parish had a population of 11,286 people at the 2011 census . A survey carried out by the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister in 2004 , found Chorleywood to be the neighbourhood in England with the highest quality of life . Of the 32,482 neighbourhoods surveyed , Chorleywood came out top using thirty-seven criteria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Mann", "text": "Daniel Chugerman ( August 8 , 1912 - November 21 , 1991 ) , known professionally as Daniel Mann , was an American film , stage , and television director . Originally trained as an actor by Sanford Meisner , between 1952 and 1987 he directed over 31 feature films and made-for-television . Considered a true actor 's director , he helmed seven Oscar-nominated and two Tony Award-winning performances , collaborating with actors like Burt Lancaster , Shirley Booth , Susan Hayward , Marlon Brando , Elizabeth Taylor , Dean Martin , and Anthony Quinn . He was nominated for several accolades , including two Palme d'Or , three Director 's Guild of America Awards , and a Golden Bear ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenmore_Forest_Park", "text": "Glenmore Forest Park is a remnant of the Caledonian Forest near Aviemore in the Badenoch and Strathspey district of Highland , Scotland . It lies within the Cairngorms National Park , and is one of six forest parks in the country . The forest park , which was established in 1948 , covers 35.7 km2 , of which 21.1 km2 is designated as a national nature reserve ( NNR ) . Glenmore surrounds Loch Morlich , and is below the rise of the Cairngorms to the south ; to the north the park extends to the summit of Meall a ' Bhuachaille . The forest forms part of an expanse of Caledonian Forest that stretches from Glen Feshie to Abernethy , and which as a whole forms the largest single area of this habitat remaining in Scotland . The forest is home to much wildlife including Scottish crossbills , crested tits , capercaillie , narrow-headed ants , red squirrels and red deer . The Sportscotland National Centre Glenmore Lodge is situated about 1.5 km east of Loch Morlich , and is surrounded by the park . During the Second World War the area was a training base for Norwegian resistance fighters , who are commemorated by a memorial located near to the visitor centre . A fairy known as the Ly Erg , a portent of death , is said to frequent the area of the forest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Square_metre_per_second", "text": "Metre squared per second or square meter per second is the SI derived unit of kinematic viscosity , specific relative angular momentum and thermal diffusivity . The unit is written in symbols as m2/s or m2·s−1 or m2s−1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flixton,_Greater_Manchester", "text": "Flixton is a village and electoral ward in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford , Greater Manchester , England . The population of the ward at the 2011 census was 10,786 . It lies about six miles ( 9.7 km ) to the southwest of Manchester city centre , within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire . Flixton and neighbouring Davyhulme are considered areas within Urmston . Neolithic and Bronze Age artefacts have been found locally and the area may have been inhabited in those periods . Medieval Flixton was a parish within the Hundred of Salford and encompassed the manor of Flixton , along with its church , first mentioned in the 12th century . The parish comprised isolated farmsteads and a manor house . Toward the end of the 17th century its population began to rise , continuing through the 19th century , although at a much slower pace than its neighbours . Flixton was a remote rural area with few transport links and did not witness the level of industrialisation other parts of Manchester saw , but its connection to the railway network in 1873 helped transform the area into a middle-class suburb . Flixton is represented in Parliament by Labour MP Kate Green ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 2002 Winter Olympics , officially the XIX Olympic Winter Games and commonly known as Salt Lake 2002 , was a winter multi-sport event that was celebrated from 8 to 24 February 2002 in and around Salt Lake City , Utah , United States . 2,399 athletes from 78 nations participated in 78 events in fifteen disciplines , held throughout 165 sporting sessions . The 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Paralympic Games were both organized by the Salt Lake Organizing Committee ( SLOC ) , the first time in Olympic and Paralympic history that both events were organized by a single committee . Utah became the fifth state in the United States to host the Olympic Games , after Missouri , New York , California , and Georgia . These were the first Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Jacques Rogge . The opening ceremony was held on February 8 , 2002 , and sporting competitions were held up until the closing ceremony on February 24 , 2002 . Production for both ceremonies was designed by Seven Nielsen , and music for both ceremonies was directed by Mark Watters . Salt Lake City became the most populous area ever to have hosted the Winter Olympics , although the two subsequent host cities ' populations were larger . Following a trend , the 2002 Olympic Winter Games were also larger than all prior Winter Games , with 10 more events than the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan . Norway won the most gold medals while Germany won the most number of medals . The Salt Lake Games faced a bribery scandal and some local opposition during the bid . Nevertheless , from sporting and business standpoints , this was one of the most successful Winter Olympiads in history ; records were set in both the broadcasting and marketing programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Figure_skating", "text": "Figure skating is a sport in which individuals , duos , or groups perform on figure skates on ice . It was the first winter sport to be included in the Olympic Games , when it was contested at the 1908 Olympics in London . The four Olympic disciplines are men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dance . Non-Olympic disciplines include synchronized skating , Theater on Ice , and four skating . From intermediate through senior-level competition , skaters generally perform two programs ( short and free skate ) , which may include spins , jumps , moves in the field , lifts , throw jumps , death spirals , and other elements or moves , depending on the discipline . The blade has a groove on the bottom creating two distinct edges : inside and outside . Judges prefer that skaters glide on one edge of the blade and not on both at the same time , which is referred to as a flat edge . During a spin , skaters use the sweet spot of the blade , formally called a rocker , which is the roundest portion of the blade , just behind the toe pick and near the middle of the blade . Skates used in singles and pair skating have a set of large , jagged teeth called toe picks on the front of the blade . Toe picks are mainly used for the take-off on jumps . Ice dance blades have smaller toe picks . Figure skaters compete at various levels from beginner up to the Olympic level ( senior ) at local , regional , sectional , national , and international competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ventilator_(2016_film)", "text": "Ventilator is a 2016 Indian Marathi-language comedy-drama film written and directed by Rajesh Mapuskar and produced by Priyanka Chopra.The film features an ensemble cast of more than 100 actors , including Ashutosh Gowariker , Jitendra Joshi , Sulabha Arya and Sukanya Kulkarni Mone . It tells the story of the Kamerkar family , whose eldest and most beloved member goes into a coma and is put on a medical ventilator a few days before the Ganesh Chaturthi festival celebrations . Mapuskar conceived the film after one of his family members was hospitalised and put on a ventilator ; he started writing the script after noting the reaction of his family members , trying to treat the difficult situation with humour . On its completion , he approached several producers , who were sceptical and tried to discourage him from making it in Marathi . Later , Chopra accepted it to produce under her production company Purple Pebble Pictures . The film was released on 4 November 2016 in Maharastra and several other cities in India . Ventilator received widespread critical acclaim , garnering praise for its direction , screenplay , cast performances , music and its treatment of humour and emotion . Made on a small budget of ₹35 million ( US $ 550,000 ) , the film was a commercial success , earning ₹250 million ( US $ 4 million ) at the box office . As of October 2017 [ update ] , Ventilator is the 10th highest-grossing Marathi film of all time . Ventilator won three awards at the 64th National Film Awards ; Best Director for Mapuskar , Best Editing and Best Sound Mixing . The film was nominated in 16 categories at the 2017 Filmfare Marathi Awards ; including Best Film , Best Director for Mapuskar , Best Actor for Joshi , Best Supportng Actor for Gowariker and Best Supporting Actress for Kulkarni . It won five categories , including Best Screenplay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jostein_Gaarder", "text": "Jostein Gaarder ( Norwegian : [ ˈjùːstæɪn ˈɡòːrdər ] ; born 8 August 1952 ) is a Norwegian intellectual and author of several novels , short stories and children 's books . Gaarder often writes from the perspective of children , exploring their sense of wonder about the world . He often utilizes metafiction in his works and constructs stories within stories . His best known work is the novel Sophie 's World : A Novel About the History of Philosophy ( 1991 ) . It has been translated into 60 languages ; there are over 40 million copies in print ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newbiggin,_Furness", "text": "Newbiggin is a village on the A5087 road , in Furness , in the South Lakeland district , in the English county of Cumbria . Historically in Lancashire , nearby settlements include the large town of Barrow-in-Furness , the village of Aldingham and the hamlet of Roosebeck ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unity,_Maine", "text": "Unity is a town in Waldo County , Maine , United States . The population was 2,099 at the 2010 census . The town is the service center for the northern portion of Waldo County . Outside of Waldo county , it is best known as the home of the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association , its Common Ground Country Fair and Unity College . Unity College was founded in 1965 to offset the economic effects of the declining chicken farming industry . As of 2007 , the college is the town 's largest employer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Presidencia_de_la_Plaza", "text": "Presidencia de la Plaza or simply Plaza is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Presidencia de la Plaza Department . The area was first settled in 1911 and was officially founded in 1921 and named in honour of the former President Victorino de la Plaza . In 2005 the Instituto Nacional de Tecnología Agropecuaria opened a station in the town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matjaž_Kek", "text": "Matjaž Kek ( born 9 September 1961 ) is a Slovenian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of the Slovenia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweet_Pickles", "text": "Sweet Pickles is a series of 40 children 's books by Ruth Lerner Perle , Jacquelyn Reinach , and Richard Hefter and published by Holt , Rinehart & Winston , having sold over 50 million copies . The books are set in the fictional town of Sweet Pickles and are about anthropomorphic animals with different personalities and behavior . There are 26 animals - one for each letter of the alphabet . The books were published in 1977 and went out of print in the mid-1990s . The authors also created Stickybear and the Strawberry Library . The series ' name is a pun ; in each book , the main character gets into a pickle ( a difficult situation ) because of an all-too-human personality trait . The front endpapers of the books portrayed the 26 characters , and the back endpapers portrayed a map of the town . The books were advertised with television commercials and a catchy jingle . There also existed a similar series , The Alphapets , on which Ruth Lerner Perle collaborated in the early 1990s . The Sweet Pickles books were read in various episodes of the CBS television series Captain Kangaroo . In 2012 , the brand celebrated its 35th anniversary and the books are being re-released as digitally enhanced E-Books . Sound effects , narration and character voices performed by voice actors have been added to the books ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fox8", "text": "Fox8 ( corporately stylised as FOX8 , alternatively as Fox 8 or FOX 8 ) is an Australian pay television channel available on Foxtel , and Optus Television 's subscription platforms . It is the most watched subscription television channel in Australia ( with or without the timeshift ) and broadcasts the highest rating non-sporting related program or event on subscription television in Australia , Australia 's Next Top Model . A high definition version of the channel , Fox8HD , was launched on the Foxtel and Austar platforms on 15 November 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Icy_Bay,_Alaska", "text": "Icy Bay is a body of water in Southeast Alaska , formed in the last 100 years [ timeframe ? ] by the rapid retreat of the Guyot , Yahtse , and Tyndall Glaciers . It is part of the Wrangell-Saint Elias Wilderness . At the beginning of the 20th century , the bay entrance was permanently blocked by a giant tidewater glacier face that calved icebergs directly into the Gulf of Alaska . A century-long [ timeframe ? ] glacial retreat has opened a multi-armed bay more than 30 miles ( 48 km ) long . Icy Bay is popular destination for sea kayakers , and is reachable by bush plane from Yakutat , Alaska ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Navoi_International_Airport", "text": "Navoi International Airport ( IATA : NVI , ICAO : UTSA ) is an airport of entry in Navoi , Uzbekistan . It is named after Ali-Shir Nava ' i . Navoi Airport was opened in 1962 and became the Uzbekistan Airways when the national air company was established on 28 January 1992 by the Decree of the President of Republic of Uzbekistan . In 2007 , Navoi Airport began capacity enhancement and airfield improvement projects , implementing complete renovation of runway and taxiways , installation of modern lighting system and construction of new air control tower and other facilities . In 2009 , Korean Air Cargo took over the management of the airport and , under the 10-year development plan , further accelerated the modernization programme . Construction of the largest air cargo terminal in Central Asia that can handle 100,000 tonnes of cargo annually using latest equipment has been recently completed and inaugurated on 12 August 2010 . The freighter apron has also been constructed to accommodate 5 B747-400 planes and 4 additional fuel tanks were built , which can supply 1.4 million gallons of aviation fuel altogether and fill up more than 25 B747-400 airplanes . Korean Air inaugurated the 1st cargo flight from Navoi in August 2008 and by increasing the frequency it now operates 12 weekly B747-400F flights to Incheon , Brussels and Milan . Uzbekistan Airways started cargo operation based in Navoi hub in May 2009 and now operates 18 weekly flights to Bangkok , Delhi , Mumbai and Frankfurt . Navoi Airport now serves 3 airlines flying to 9 cities in 8 countries including passenger flights and the work is underway to create business links with new airlines and set up new routes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taye_Diggs", "text": "Scott Leo Taye Diggs ( born January 2 , 1971 ) is an American actor and singer . He is known for his roles in the Broadway musicals Rent and Hedwig and the Angry Inch , the TV series Private Practice , the films How Stella Got Her Groove Back , Brown Sugar , The Best Man and its sequel , The Best Man Holiday . Between 2014 and 2016 he starred as Inspector Terry English in Murder in the First ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Follow_Thru", "text": "Follow Thru is a 1930 American pre-Code musical romantic comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor . It was the second all-color all-talking feature to be produced by Paramount Pictures . The film was based on the popular 1929 Broadway play of the same name by Lew Brown , B. G. DeSylva , Ray Henderson and Laurence Schwab . The play ran from January 9 , 1929 to December 21 , 1929 ; running for 401 performances . Jack Haley and Zelma O'Neal , who starred in the original musical play , reprised their roles for the film version . The film is one of dozens of musicals made in 1929 and 1930 following the advent of sound , and one of several to feature color cinematography . However , many of these films have been lost or destroyed by the original studios . The original camera negative of Follow Thru survives in its entirety and in excellent condition . It has been preserved by the UCLA Film and Television Archive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forgotten_Worlds", "text": "Forgotten Worlds , titled Lost Worlds ( Japanese : ロストワールド , Hepburn : Rosuto Wārudo ) in Japan , is a side-scrolling shoot-'em-up game by Capcom originally released as a coin-operated video game in 1988 . It is notable for being the first title released by Capcom for their CP System arcade game hardware ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Football_Club", "text": "A football team is a group of players selected to play together in the various team sports known as football . Such teams could be selected to play in a match against an opposing team , to represent a football club , group , state or nation , an all-star team or even selected as a hypothetical team ( such as a Dream Team or Team of the Century ) and never play an actual match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacob_Turner", "text": "Jacob Edward Turner ( born May 21 , 1991 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent . He previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Detroit Tigers , Miami Marlins , Chicago Cubs , Chicago White Sox , and Washington Nationals . He also played in the KBO League for the Kia Tigers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_African_Baptist_Church_Parsonage_(Columbus,_Georgia)", "text": "The First African Baptist Church Parsonage in Columbus , Georgia is a historic church parsonage at 911 5th Avenue . It is a one-story Victorian cottage with Eastlake trim that was built in 1915-16 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . In 1916 it was the residence of Rev . J. Henry Smith , pastor of the First African Baptist Church . It was home of Rev . Jacob T. Brown in 1918 and was the home of Rev . Broadus H. Hogan in 1918 . Both were pastors of the church . It was listed on the National Register along with other historic properties identified in a large survey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swift_Gamma_Ray_Burst_Explorer", "text": "The Neil Gehrels Swift Observatory , previously called the Swift Gamma-Ray Burst Mission , is a NASA space observatory designed to detect gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) . It was launched on November 20 , 2004 , aboard a Delta II rocket . Headed by principal investigator Neil Gehrels , NASA Goddard Space Flight Center , the mission was developed in a joint partnership between Goddard and an international consortium from the United States , United Kingdom , and Italy . The mission is operated by Pennsylvania State University as part of NASA 's Medium Explorers program ( MIDEX ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1965", "text": "Miss World 1965 , the 15th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 19 November 1965 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , UK . The winner was Lesley Langley of the United Kingdom . She was crowned by Miss World 1964 , Ann Sidney of United Kingdom . The UK became the second country to win the contest two years in succession . The first country to achieve this was Sweden when winning in 1951 and 1952 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enid_Blyton", "text": "Enid Mary Blyton ( 11 August 1897 - 28 November 1968 ) was an English children 's writer whose books have been among the world 's best-sellers since the 1930s , selling more than 600 million copies . Blyton 's books are still enormously popular , and have been translated into 90 languages . She wrote on a wide range of topics including education , natural history , fantasy , mystery , and biblical narratives and is best remembered today for her Noddy , Famous Five and Secret Seven series . Her first book , Child Whispers , a 24-page collection of poems , was published in 1922 . Following the commercial success of her early novels such as Adventures of the Wishing-Chair ( 1937 ) and The Enchanted Wood ( 1939 ) , Blyton went on to build a literary empire , sometimes producing fifty books a year in addition to her prolific magazine and newspaper contributions . Her writing was unplanned and sprang largely from her unconscious mind : she typed her stories as events unfolded before her . The sheer volume of her work and the speed with which it was produced led to rumours that Blyton employed an army of ghost writers , a charge she vigorously denied . Blyton 's work became increasingly controversial among literary critics , teachers and parents from the 1950s onwards , because of the alleged unchallenging nature of her writing and the themes of her books , particularly the Noddy series . Some libraries and schools banned her works , which the BBC had refused to broadcast from the 1930s until the 1950s because they were perceived to lack literary merit . Her books have been criticised as being elitist , sexist , racist , xenophobic and at odds with the more liberal environment emerging in post-war Britain , but they have continued to be best-sellers since her death in 1968 . Blyton felt she had a responsibility to provide her readers with a strong moral framework , so she encouraged them to support worthy causes . In particular , through the clubs she set up or supported , she encouraged and organised them to raise funds for animal and paediatric charities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Schalke_04", "text": "Fußballclub Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04 e. V. , commonly known as FC Schalke 04 ( German : [ ɛf tseː ˈʃalkə nʊl fiːɐ̯ ] ) , Schalke , Schalke 04 or abbreviated as S04 ( German : [ ˈɛs nʊl fiːɐ̯ ] ) , is a professional German football and multi-sports club originally from the Schalke district of Gelsenkirchen , North Rhine-Westphalia . The 04 in the club 's name derives from its formation in 1904 . Schalke has long been one of the most popular professional football teams and multi-sports club in Germany , even though the club 's heyday was in the 1930s and 1940s . Schalke play in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system . As of June 2018 , the club has 155,000 members , making it the second-largest sports club in Germany and the fourth-largest sports club in the world in terms of membership . [ not verified in body ] Other activities offered by the club include athletics , basketball , handball , table tennis , winter sports and eSports . Founded in 1904 , Schalke has won seven German championships , five DFB-Pokals , one DFL-Supercup and one UEFA Cup . Schalke also succeeded as the first German club to win a cup double in 1937 . Since 2001 , Schalke 's stadium has been the Veltins-Arena . Schalke holds a long-standing rivalry with Ruhr neighbours Borussia Dortmund , arguably one of the most widespread and well-known rivalries in German football , and matches between the two teams are referred to as the Revierderby . Schalke was ranked as the seventh-best football team in Europe by UEFA 's 2015 UEFA club rankings . In terms of operating income , Schalke possesses the seventh-highest operating income of any football club at $ 64.4 million or £38.2 million ( €48 million ) , and 0% debt as of August 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Battle_of_Guadalcanal", "text": "The Guadalcanal campaign , also known as the Battle of Guadalcanal and codenamed Operation Watchtower by American forces , was a military campaign fought between 7 August 1942 and 9 February 1943 on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the Pacific theater of World War II . It was the first major land offensive by Allied forces against the Empire of Japan . On 7 August 1942 , Allied forces , predominantly United States Marines , landed on Guadalcanal , Tulagi , and Florida in the southern Solomon Islands , with the objective of using Guadalcanal and Tulagi as bases in supporting a campaign to eventually capture or neutralize the major Japanese base at Rabaul on New Britain . The Japanese defenders , who had occupied those islands since May 1942 , were outnumbered and overwhelmed by the Allies , who captured Tulagi and Florida , as well as the airfield - later named Henderson Field - that was under construction on Guadalcanal . Surprised by the Allied offensive , the Japanese made several attempts between August and November to retake Henderson Field . Three major land battles , seven large naval battles ( five nighttime surface actions and two carrier battles ) , and almost daily aerial battles culminated in the decisive Naval Battle of Guadalcanal in early November , with the defeat of the last Japanese attempt to bombard Henderson Field from the sea and to land enough troops to retake it . In December , the Japanese abandoned their efforts to retake Guadalcanal , and evacuated their remaining forces by 7 February 1943 , in the face of an offensive by the U.S. Army 's XIV Corps . The Guadalcanal campaign was a significant strategic Allied combined-arms victory in the Pacific theater . While the Battle of Midway was a heavy defeat of the Imperial Japanese Navy , it did not stop Japanese offensives , which continued both at sea and on the ground . The victories at Milne Bay , Buna-Gona , and Guadalcanal marked the Allied transition from defensive operations to taking the strategic initiative in the theater , leading to offensive campaigns in the Solomon Islands , New Guinea , and the Central Pacific , which resulted in the surrender of Japan , ending World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bihar", "text": "Bihar ( /bɪˈhɑːr/ ; Hindi pronunciation : [ bɪˈɦaːr ] ( listen ) ) is a state in eastern India . It is the third-largest state by population and twelfth-largest by territory , with an area of 94,163 km2 ( 36,357 sq mi ) . It is contiguous with Uttar Pradesh to its west , Nepal to the north , the northern part of West Bengal to the east , and with Jharkhand to the south . The Bihar plain is split by the river Ganges , which flows from west to east . Three main cultural regions converge in the state : Magadh , Mithila , and Bhojpur . On 15 November 2000 , southern Bihar was ceded to form the new state of Jharkhand . Only 11.3% of the population of Bihar lives in urban areas , which is the lowest in India after Himachal Pradesh . Additionally , almost 58% of Biharis are below the age of 25 , giving Bihar the highest proportion of young people of any Indian state . In ancient and classical India , the area that is now Bihar was considered a centre of power , learning , and culture . From Magadha arose India 's first empire , the Maurya empire , as well as one of the world 's most widely adhered-to religions : Buddhism . Magadha empires , notably under the Maurya and Gupta dynasties , unified large parts of South Asia under a central rule . Another region of Bihar is Mithila which was an early centre of learning and the centre of the Videha kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anarchism", "text": "Anarchism is a radical political movement that is highly skeptical towards authority and rejects all forms of unjust hierarchy . It calls for the abolition of the state which it holds to be undesirable , unnecessary , and harmful . Anarchism advocates for the replacement of the state with stateless societies or other forms of free associations . Anarchism 's timeline stretches back to prehistory when people lived in anarchistic societies long before the establishment of formal states , kingdoms or empires . With the rise of organised hierarchical bodies , skepticism towards authority also rose , but it was not until the 19th century a self-conscious political movement was formed . During the latest half of 19th and the first decades of 20th century , the anarchist movement flourished to most parts of the world , and had a significant role in worker 's struggles for emancipation . Various branches of anarchism were espoused during those times . Anarchists took part in several revolutions , most notably in the Spanish Civil War , where they were crushed by the fascists forces in 1939 , marking the end of the classical era of anarchism . In the latest decades of the 20th century , the anarchist movement nonetheless became relevant and vivid once more . Anarchism employ various tactics in order to meet their ideal ends ; these can be broadly separated in revolutionary and evolutionary tactics . There is significant overlap between the two legs which are merely descriptive . Revolutionary tactics aim to bring down authority and state , and have taken a violent turn in the past ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blacktown,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Blacktown is a suburb in the City of Blacktown , in Greater Western Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Blacktown is located 34 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district . Blacktown is the largest of any township in New South Wales and is one of the most multicultural places within Greater Sydney . There have been discussions about changing the name of the City to Western Sydney City due to the belief that the name Blacktown is racist . However , this was voted against and the name has remained Blacktown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Furniture", "text": "Furniture refers to movable objects intended to support various human activities such as seating ( e.g. , chairs , stools , and sofas ) , eating ( tables ) , and sleeping ( e.g. , beds ) . Furniture is also used to hold objects at a convenient height for work ( as horizontal surfaces above the ground , such as tables and desks ) , or to store things ( e.g. , cupboards and shelves ) . Furniture can be a product of design and is considered a form of decorative art . In addition to furniture 's functional role , it can serve a symbolic or religious purpose . It can be made from many materials , including metal , plastic , and wood . Furniture can be made using a variety of woodworking joints which often reflect the local culture . People have been using natural objects , such as tree stumps , rocks and moss , as furniture since the beginning of human civilisation . Archaeological research shows that from around 30,000 years ago , people began constructing and carving their own furniture , using wood , stone , and animal bones . Early furniture from this period is known from artwork such as a Venus figurine found in Russia , depicting the goddess on a throne . The first surviving extant furniture is in the homes of Skara Brae in Scotland , and includes cupboards , dressers and beds all constructed from stone . Complex construction techniques such as joinery began in the early dynastic period of ancient Egypt . This era saw constructed wooden pieces , including stools and tables , sometimes decorated with valuable metals or ivory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swedish_Navy", "text": "The Swedish Royal Navy ( Swedish : Svenska marinen ) is the naval branch of the Swedish Armed Forces . It is composed of surface and submarine naval units - the Royal Fleet ( Kungliga Flottan ) - as well as marine units , the Amphibious Corps ( Amfibiekåren ) . In Swedish , vessels of the Swedish Navy are given the prefix HMS , short for Hans/Hennes majestäts skepp ( His/Her Majesty 's Ship ) . In English , this is often changed to HSwMS ( His Swedish Majesty 's Ship ) to differentiate Swedish vessels from those of the British Royal Navy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_2014_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The women 's downhill competition of the Sochi 2014 Olympics was held at the Rosa Khutor Alpine Resort near Krasnaya Polyana , Russia , on Wednesday , 12 February . The race was won by Tina Maze of Slovenia and Dominique Gisin of Switzerland , who posted the same time . Lara Gut , also of Switzerland , was a tenth of a second back and took the bronze medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sean_Kingston", "text": "Kisean Paul Anderson ( born February 3 , 1990 ) , known professionally as Sean Kingston , is an American-Jamaican singer , songwriter , rapper and record producer whose first album , Sean Kingston , was released on July 31 , 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992–93_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1992-93 Montreal Canadiens season was the team 's 76th season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and their 84th overall . Coming off of a disappointing second round playoff exit against the Boston Bruins during the 1991-92 season , the third-straight season Boston had defeated Montreal in the playoffs , the Canadiens were champions for the 1992-93 season . The 1992-93 Canadiens remain the last Canadian-based team to win the Stanley Cup , having won the 1993 Stanley Cup Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glentress_Forest", "text": "Glentress Forest is located near Peebles in the Scottish Borders , about 30 miles south of Edinburgh . Part of the Tweed Valley Forest Park along with Traquair Forest in Innerleithen , it is the home of a mountain biking centre which is one of the 7stanes mountain bike trails operated throughout southern Scotland by Forestry and Land Scotland . There are currently 5 mountain bike waymarked routes and a freeride park in Glentress Forest . The historic cycle trails , aimed at children and families , provide an interesting way to explore the forest and its history . The blue , red , and black mountain bike routes provide a challenge for all abilities . The red route is noted for a high-speed section with many bermed corners known as Spooky Woods . The green trail is a skills loop , and is designed for those new to mountain biking , although there are some challenges for those wishing to practice rocky sections or raised wooden trails too ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weber_State_Wildcats_men's_basketball", "text": "The Weber State Wildcats team is the basketball team representing Weber State University in Ogden , Utah . The program is classified in the NCAA Division I , and is a member of the Big Sky Conference . The team last played in the NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament in 2016 . The Wildcats are currently coached by Randy Rahe . Street & Smith ranked Weber State 51st in its 2005 list of the 100 greatest college basketball programs of all time , while Jeff Sagarin placed the program 116th in his 2009 all-time rankings in the ESPN College Basketball Encyclopedia . At .630 , the Wildcats have the 27th highest winning percentage in Division I college basketball . ( Through the end of the 2018-19 season )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Juventus_F.C.", "text": "Juventus Football Club ( from Latin : iuventūs , youth ; Italian pronunciation : [ juˈvɛntus ] ) , colloquially known as Juve ( pronounced [ ˈjuːve ] ) , is an Italian professional association football club based in Turin , Piedmont . Founded in 1897 by a group of Torinese students , the club has worn a black and white striped home kit since 1903 and has played home matches in different grounds around its city , the latest being the 41,507-capacity Juventus Stadium . Nicknamed Vecchia Signora ( the Old Lady ) , the club has won 35 official league titles , 13 Coppa Italia titles and eight Supercoppa Italiana titles , being the record holder for all these competitions ; two Intercontinental Cups , two European Cups / UEFA Champions Leagues , one European Cup Winners ' Cup , a joint national record of three UEFA Cups , two UEFA Super Cups and a joint national record of one UEFA Intertoto Cup . Consequently , the side leads the historical Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio ( FIGC ) ranking [ a ] whilst on the international stage occupies the 5th position in Europe and the eleventh in the world for most confederation titles won with eleven trophies , having led the UEFA ranking during seven seasons since its inception in 1979 , the most for an Italian team and joint second overall . Founded with the name of Sport-Club Juventus , initially as an athletics club , it is the second oldest of its kind still active in the country after Genoa 's football section ( 1893 ) and has competed uninterruptedly in the top flight league ( reformulated as Serie A from 1929 ) since its debut in 1900 after changing its name to Foot-Ball Club Juventus , with the exception of the 2006-07 season , being managed by the industrial Agnelli family almost continuously since 1923 . [ b ] The relationship between the club and that dynasty is the oldest and longest in national sports , making Juventus the first professional sporting club ante litteram in the country , having established itself as a major force in the national stage since the 1930s and at confederation level since the mid-1970s and becoming one of the first ten wealthiest in world football in terms of value , revenue and profit since the mid-1990s , being listed on the Borsa italiana since 2001 . Under the management of Giovanni Trapattoni , the club won 13 trophies in the ten years before 1986 , including six league titles and five international titles , and became the first to win all three seasonal competitions organised by the Union of European Football Associations : the 1976-77 UEFA Cup ( first Southern European side to do so ) , the 1983-84 Cup Winners ' Cup and the 1984-85 European Champions ' Cup . With successive triumphs in the 1984 European Super Cup and 1985 Intercontinental Cup , it became the first and thus far only in the world to complete a clean sweep of all confederation trophies ; an achievement that they revalidated with the title won in the 1999 UEFA Intertoto Cup after another successful era led by Marcello Lippi , becoming in addition the only professional Italian club to have won every ongoing honour available to the first team and organised by a national or international football association . In December 2000 , Juventus was ranked seventh in the FIFA 's historic ranking of the best clubs in the world and nine years later was ranked second best club in Europe during the 20th Century based on a statistical study series by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics ( IFFHS ) , the highest for an Italian club in both . The club 's fan base is the largest at national level and one of the largest worldwide . Unlike most European sporting supporters ' groups , which are often concentrated around their own club 's city of origin , it is widespread throughout the whole country and the Italian diaspora , making Juventus a symbol of anticampanilismo ( anti-parochialism ) and italianità ( Italianness ) . Juventus players have won eight Ballon d'Or awards , four of these in consecutive years ( 1982-1985 , an overall record ) , among these the first player representing Serie A , Omar Sívori , as well as Michel Platini and three of the five recipients with Italian nationality as the former member of the youth sector Paolo Rossi ; they have also won four FIFA World Player of the Year awards , with winners as Roberto Baggio and Zinédine Zidane , a national record and third and joint second highest overall , respectively , in the cited prizes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Picturesque", "text": "Picturesque is an aesthetic ideal introduced into English cultural debate in 1782 by William Gilpin in Observations on the River Wye , and Several Parts of South Wales , etc . Relative Chiefly to Picturesque Beauty ; made in the Summer of the Year 1770 , a practical book which instructed Englands leisured travellers to examine the face of a country by the rules of picturesque beauty . Picturesque , along with the aesthetic and cultural strands of Gothic and Celticism , was a part of the emerging Romantic sensibility of the 18th century . The term picturesque needs to be understood in relationship to two other aesthetic ideals : the beautiful and the sublime . By the last third of the 18th century , Enlightenment and rationalist ideas about aesthetics were being challenged by looking at the experiences of beauty and sublimity as non-rational . Aesthetic experience was not just a rational decision - one did not look at a pleasing curved form and decide it was beautiful ; rather it came naturally as a matter of basic human instinct . Edmund Burke in his 1757 A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful argued that the soft gentle curves appealed to the male sexual desire , while the sublime horrors appealed to our desires for self-preservation . Picturesque arose as a mediator between these opposed ideals of beauty and the sublime , showing the possibilities that existed between these two rationally idealized states . As Thomas Gray wrote in 1765 of the Scottish Highlands : The mountains are ecstatic [ … ] . None but those monstrous creatures of God know how to join so much beauty with so much horror . See also Gilpin and the picturesque ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Toboggan_Company_Carousel_No._6", "text": "Elitch Gardens Carousel , also known as Philadelphia Toboggan Company Carousel # 6 or as the Kit Carson County Carousel , is a 1905 Philadelphia Toboggan Company carousel located in Burlington , Colorado ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Waterfield", "text": "Robert Stanton Waterfield ( July 26 , 1920 - March 25 , 1983 ) was an American football player and coach and motion picture actor and producer . He played quarterback for the UCLA Bruins and Cleveland/Los Angeles Rams and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1965 . His No . 7 jersey was retired by the Los Angeles Rams in 1952 . Born in Elmira , New York , Waterfield moved to Los Angeles as an infant . He played college football for the UCLA Bruins in 1941 , 1942 , and 1944 . In 1942 , he led UCLA to a Pacific Coast Conference championship and was selected as the quarterback on the All-Pacific Coast team . From 1945 to 1952 , he played quarterback for the Cleveland/Los Angeles Rams in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He led the Rams to NFL championships in 1945 and 1951 and was selected as the NFL 's most valuable player in 1945 . He was the first-team All-Pro quarterback in 1945 , 1946 , and 1949 . Known as one of the best passers , punters , and place-kickers in the NFL , he set NFL career place-kicking records with 315 extra points and 60 field goals , as well as a single-season record with 54 extra points in 1950 , and a single-game record with five field goals in a game . Waterfield was married to movie actress Jane Russell from 1943 to 1968 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1941_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1940-41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Seven teams each played 48 games . The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Detroit Red Wings four games to none in the final series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Bala", "text": "Christopher B. Bala ( born September 24 , 1978 ) is an American former professional ice hockey player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1961–62_NHL_season", "text": "The 1961-62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Toronto Maple Leafs were the Stanley Cup champions as they defeated the Chicago Black Hawks four games to two ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taiwan", "text": "Taiwan ( Chinese : 臺灣 ; pinyin : Táiwān ) , [ II ] officially the Republic of China ( ROC ) , [ I ] is a state in East Asia . Neighbouring states include the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) to the north-west , Japan to the north-east , and the Philippines to the south . The island of Taiwan has an area of 35,808 square kilometres ( 13,826 sq mi ) , with mountain ranges dominating the eastern two-thirds and plains in the western third , where its highly urbanised population is concentrated . Taipei is the capital and largest metropolitan area . Other major cities include Kaohsiung , Taichung , Tainan and Taoyuan . With 23.7 million inhabitants , Taiwan is among the most densely populated states , and is the most populous state and largest economy that is not a member of the United Nations ( UN ) . Taiwanese indigenous peoples settled the island of Taiwan around 6,000 years ago . In the 17th century , Dutch rule opened the island to mass Han immigration . After the brief Kingdom of Tungning in parts of the southern and western areas of the island , the island was annexed in 1683 by the Qing dynasty of China , and ceded to the Empire of Japan in 1895 . Following the surrender of Japan in 1945 , the Republic of China , which had overthrown and succeeded the Qing in 1911 , took control of Taiwan on behalf of the World War II Allies . The resumption of the Chinese Civil War led to the loss of the mainland to the Communist Party of China and the flight of the ROC government to Taiwan in 1949 . Although the ROC government continued to claim to be the legitimate representative of China , since 1950 its effective jurisdiction has been limited to Taiwan and numerous smaller islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012–13_Iranian_Futsal_Super_League", "text": "The 2012-13 Iranian Futsal Super League are the 14th season of the Iran Pro League and the 9th under the name Futsal Super League . Shahid Mansouri are the defending champions . The season will feature 14 teams from the 2011-12 Iranian Futsal Super League and two new teams promoted from the 2011-12 Iran Futsal 's 1st Division : Shahrdari Tabriz and Gaz Khozestan . The regular season , was played from 26 July 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Pyne_House", "text": "The Jonathan Pyne House , formerly the Richard Stites , Jr. House , is located in Lower Township , Cape May County , New Jersey , United States . The house was built in 1694 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 14 , 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Florey", "text": "Robert Florey ( 14 September 1900 - 16 May 1979 ) was a French-American director , screenwriter , film journalist and actor . Born as Robert Fuchs in Paris , he became an orphan at an early age and was then raised in Switzerland . In 1920 he worked at first as a film journalist , then as an assistant and extra in featurettes from Louis Feuillade . Florey moved to the United States in 1921 . As a director , Florey 's most productive decades were the 1930s and 1940s , working on relatively low-budget fillers for Paramount and Warner Brothers . His reputation is balanced between his avant-garde expressionist style , most evident in his early career , and his work as a fast , reliable studio-system director called on to finish troubled projects , such as 1939 's Hotel Imperial . He directed more than 50 movies . His most popular film is likely [ citation needed ] the first Marx Brothers feature The Cocoanuts of 1929 , and his 1932 foray into Universal-style horror , Murders in the Rue Morgue is regarded by horror fans as highly reflective of German expressionism . [ citation needed ] In 2006 , as his 1937 film Daughter of Shanghai was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress , Florey was called widely acclaimed as the best director working in major studio B-films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ebony_(magazine)", "text": "Ebony magazine is a monthly publication that focuses on news , culture , and entertainment . Its target audience is the African-American community , and its coverage includes the lifestyles and accomplishments of influential black people , fashion , beauty , and politics . This magazine was founded in 1945 by John H. Johnson , who sought to address African-American issues , personalities and interests in a positive and self-affirming manner . Its cover photography typically showcases prominent African American public figures , including entertainers and politicians , such as Dorothy Dandridge , Lena Horne , Diana Ross , Michael Jackson , former U.S . Senator Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois , U.S. First lady Michelle Obama , Beyoncé Knowles , Tyrese Gibson , and Tyler Perry . Each year , Ebony selects the 100 Most Influential Blacks in America . A digest-sized sister magazine , Jet , was also founded by Johnson and his business , the Johnson Publishing Company , in 1951 . After 71 years , in June 2016 , Johnson Publishing sold both Jet and Ebony to private equity firm Clear View Group . The new publisher is known as Ebony Media Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenn_Ford", "text": "Gwyllyn Samuel Newton Glenn Ford ( May 1 , 1916 - August 30 , 2006 ) was a Canadian-American actor whose career lasted more than 50 years . Although he played different types of roles in many genres of movies , Ford was best known for playing ordinary men in unusual circumstances . He was most prominent during Hollywood 's Golden Age though he continued as one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s . Some of his most significant roles were in Gilda ( 1946 ) and The Big Heat ( 1953 ) , both films noirs , and the high school angst film Blackboard Jungle ( 1955 ) . However , it was for comedies or westerns which he received acting laurels , including three Golden Globe Nominations for Best Actor in a Comedy movie , winning for Pocketful of Miracles ( 1961 ) . He also played a supporting role as Clark Kent 's adoptive father in Superman ( 1978 ) . Five of his films have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally , historically or aesthetically significant : Gilda ( 1946 ) , The Big Heat ( 1953 ) , Blackboard Jungle ( 1955 ) , 3:10 to Yuma ( 1957 ) and Superman ( 1978 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Bond", "text": "Thomas Michael Bond CBE ( 13 January 1926 - 27 June 2017 ) was a British author . He is best known for a series of fictional stories for children , featuring the character of Paddington Bear . More than 35 million Paddington books have been sold around the world , and the characters have also been featured in film and on television . His first book was published in 1958 and his last in 2017 , a span of 59 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maitlands", "text": "Maitlands is one of the suburbs of Nelson , New Zealand . It lies to the east of Stoke , immediately to the west of Enner Glynn . The population was 2442 in the 2013 census . This was an increase of 57 people since the 2006 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sana'a_Governorate", "text": "Sanaa or Sanaʽa ( Arabic : صنعاء Ṣanʿāʾ ) is a governorate of Yemen . Its capital is Sanaa , which is also the national capital . However , the city of Sanaa is not part of the governorate but instead forms the separate governorate of Amanat Al-Asemah . The Governorate covers an area of 13,850 km² . As of 2004 , the population was 2,918,379 inhabitants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dylan_Mottley-Henry", "text": "Dylan Mottley-Henry ( born 2 August 1997 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for League Two club Bradford City , as a winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glendale,_Queens", "text": "Glendale is a neighborhood in the west-central portion of the New York City borough of Queens . It is bounded by Forest Hills and Kew Gardens to the east , Ridgewood to the west , Woodhaven to the south , and Middle Village to the north . Glendale was built on a swampy area previously called Fresh Pond . The neighborhood was later developed into an industrial area , though it is now a more residential neighborhood . Glendale 's land area is long on its east-west axis and narrow on its north-south axis . The area is surrounded mainly by cemeteries , although the neighborhood also contains several large parks , including part of Forest Park . Glendale is located in Queens Community District 5 and its ZIP Code is 11385 . It is patrolled by the New York City Police Department 's 104th Precinct . Politically , Glendale is represented by the New York City Council 's 30th District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skyhawk_(mascot)", "text": "Skyhawk is the name of one of the former mascots for the Atlanta Hawks professional basketball team in the NBA . He is an anthropomorphic hawk wearing basketball shorts , a nylon body suit and mask , and wrestling boots . During a break in action in every game he performs acrobatic slam dunks with the aid of a small trampoline . Skyhawk ceased appearing during the 2013-14 Atlanta Hawks season . On February 21 , 2019 , the Hawks announced that their NBA G League affiliate would be named the College Park Skyhawks in reference to the former mascot ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.C._Renate", "text": "Associazione Calcio Renate is an Italian association football club based in Renate , Lombardy . It currently plays in Serie C. The club plays their home games at the Stadio Città di Meda in Meda instead of their home field , Stadio Mario Riboldi in Renate , to comply with Lega Pro stadium criteria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBC", "text": "The National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) is an American English-language commercial terrestrial radio and television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal , a subsidiary of Comcast . The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City , with additional major offices near Los Angeles ( at 10 Universal City Plaza ) , Chicago ( at the NBC Tower ) and Philadelphia ( at the Comcast Technology Center ) . The network is one of the Big Three television networks . NBC is sometimes referred to as the Peacock Network , in reference to its stylized peacock logo , introduced in 1956 to promote the company 's innovations in early color broadcasting . It became the network 's official emblem in 1979 . Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States . At that time the parent company of RCA was General Electric ( GE ) . In 1932 , GE was forced to sell RCA and NBC as a result of antitrust charges . In 1986 , control of NBC passed back to General Electric ( GE ) through its $ 6.4 billion purchase of RCA . GE immediately began to liquidate RCA 's various divisions , but retained NBC . Following the acquisition by GE , Bob Wright served as chief executive officer of NBC , remaining in that position until his retirement in 2007 , when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker . In 2003 , French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE , forming NBC Universal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halloween_(wrestler)", "text": "Manuel Ortiz Partida ( born May 22 , 1971 ) is a professional wrestler who is currently wrestling the independent circuit in Mexico , particularly in the Tijuana area . He is better known by his stage name Halloween but is also known in the United States as Ciclope , a character he portrayed in World Championship Wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Graham_Pizzey", "text": "Graham Martin Pizzey AM ( 4 July 1930 - 12 November 2001 ) was a noted Australian author , photographer and ornithologist . He was born and grew up in Melbourne and was educated at Geelong Grammar School . After leaving school he worked in his family 's leather business , while studying part-time and publishing articles and photographs on natural history . In 1960 he resigned from the family business to become a full-time freelance writer and photographer . Pizzey joined the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union ( RAOU ) in 1948 and served on its Council 1969-1975 and its Records Appraisal Committee 1976-1979 . He may be best known as the author of one of the most popular field guides for Australian birds . In 1986 he was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion . In 2000 he was awarded an honorary doctorate in applied science from RMIT University for contributions to natural history . He was a Member of the Order of Australia . In 2005 he was posthumously awarded the John Hobbs Medal . Pizzey wrote numerous articles on natural history for newspapers and magazines . Some of his books are :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Milagro,_Ecuador", "text": "San Francisco de Milagro ( Spanish for Miracle ) is a city located in Guayas , Ecuador . It is the seat of Milagro Canton . Milagro is the second largest city in the province of Guayas . As of the census of 2007 , there were 180,103 people residing within the canton limits . [ citation needed ] Denisse Robles , mayor ( 2014 ) , pledged to get a city railway station and to improve the coverage of Milagro 's drinking water . She was elected the mayor of Milagro in 2014 with 38% of the vote , finishing ahead of the incumbent mayor Francisco Asan . Robles assumed office in May 2014 , becoming the first female mayor of the city , and the youngest mayor in the country . Francisco Asán Wonsang was re-elected Mayor in 2019 . He had previously served as Mayor of Milagro during two previous terms ( 2005 to 2009 , and 2009 to 2014 ) . Sugar cane and pineapples are the most important produce . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Northern_Territory", "text": "The Northern Territory ( NT ; formally the Northern Territory of Australia ) is an Australian territory in the central and central northern regions of Australia . It shares borders with Western Australia to the west ( 129th meridian east ) , South Australia to the south ( 26th parallel south ) , and Queensland to the east ( 138th meridian east ) . To the north , the territory looks out to the Timor Sea , the Arafura Sea and the Gulf of Carpentaria , including Western New Guinea and other Indonesian islands . The NT covers 1,349,129 square kilometres ( 520,902 sq mi ) , making it the third-largest Australian federal division , and the 11th-largest country subdivision in the world . It is sparsely populated , with a population of only 245,800 , fewer than half as many people as Tasmania . The archaeological history of the Northern Territory begins over 40,000 years ago when Indigenous Australians settled the region . Makassan traders began trading with the indigenous people of the Northern Territory for trepang from at least the 18th century onwards . The coast of the territory was first seen by Europeans in the 17th century . The British were the first Europeans to attempt to settle the coastal regions . After three failed attempts to establish a settlement ( 1824-28 , 1838-49 , and 1864-66 ) , success was achieved in 1869 with the establishment of a settlement at Port Darwin . Today the economy is based on tourism , especially Kakadu National Park in the Top End and the Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park ( Ayers Rock ) in central Australia , and mining . The capital and largest city is Darwin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hyperuricemia", "text": "Hyperuricemia is an abnormally high level of uric acid in the blood . In the pH conditions of body fluid , uric acid exists largely as urate , the ion form . The amount of urate in the body depends on the balance between the amount of purines eaten in food , the amount of urate synthesised within the body ( e.g. , through cell turnover ) , and the amount of urate that is excreted in urine or through the gastrointestinal tract . In humans , the upper end of the normal range is 360 µmol/L ( 6 mg/dL ) for women and 400 µmol/L ( 6.8 mg/dL ) for men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marion,_Illinois", "text": "Marion is a city in and the county seat of Williamson County , Illinois , United States . The population was 17,193 at the 2010 census . It is part of a dispersed urban area that developed out of the early 20th-century coal fields . Today Marion serves as the largest retail trade center in Southern Illinois with its central location along Interstate 57 and Illinois Route 13 . It is home to the Illinois Star Centre mall and the Southern Illinois Miners baseball team . It was dubbed the Hub of the Universe by former mayor the late Robert L. Butler . The city is part of the Marion-Herrin Micropolitan Area and is a part of the Carbondale-Marion-Herrin , Illinois Combined Statistical Area with 123,272 residents , the sixth most populous Combined statistical area in Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fresno_Grizzlies", "text": "The Fresno Grizzlies are a Minor League Baseball team of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) and the Triple-A affiliate of the Washington Nationals . They are located in Fresno , California , and play their home games at Chukchansi Park which opened in 2002 and has a capacity of 10,500 , after previously playing at Pete Beiden Field from 1998 to 2001 . The Grizzlies won the PCL championship in 2015 , making it the only league title in franchise history . All games are broadcast on KRDU with Doug Greenwald handling the play-by-play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leipzig", "text": "Leipzig ( /ˈlaɪpsɪɡ/ , also US : /- ( t ) sɪk/ , German : [ ˈlaɪptsɪç ] ( listen ) ; Upper and Lower Sorbian : Lipsk ; Upper Saxon : Leibzsch ) is the most populous city in the German federal state of Saxony . With a population of 600,000 inhabitants as of 2019 ( 1.1 million residents in the larger urban zone ) , it is Germany 's eighth most populous city as well as the second most populous city in the area of former East Germany after ( East ) Berlin . Together with Halle ( Saale ) , the largest city of the neighbouring state of Saxony-Anhalt , the city forms the polycentric conurbation of Leipzig-Halle . Between the two cities ( in Schkeuditz ) lies Leipzig/Halle International Airport . Leipzig is located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southwest of Berlin in the Leipzig Bay , which constitutes the southernmost part of the North German Plain , at the confluence of the White Elster River ( progression : Saale→ Elbe→ North Sea ) and two of its tributaries : the Pleiße and the Parthe . The name of the city as well as the names of many of its boroughs are of Slavic origin . Leipzig has been a trade city since at least the time of the Holy Roman Empire . The city sits at the intersection of the Via Regia and the Via Imperii , two important medieval trade routes . Leipzig was once one of the major European centres of learning and culture in fields such as music and publishing . After the Second World War and during the period of the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) Leipzig remained a major urban centre in East German terms , but its cultural and economic importance declined . Events in Leipzig in 1989 played a significant role in precipitating the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe , mainly through demonstrations starting from St. Nicholas Church . The immediate effects of the reunification of Germany included the collapse of the local economy , which had come to depend on highly polluting heavy industry , severe unemployment , and urban blight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Falcons_(film)", "text": "Falcons ( Icelandic : Fálkar ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) ) , is the seventh film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson . This film , released in 2002 , is mostly in English language and therefore this drama is considered to be a film of both domestic and international appeal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ettore_Majorana", "text": "Ettore Majorana ( /maɪəˈrɑːnə/ , /ˌmædʒəˈrænə/ , [ citation needed ] Italian : [ ˈɛttore majoˈraːna ] ; born on 5 August 1906 - probably died after 1959 ) was an Italian theoretical physicist who worked on neutrino masses . On 25 March 1938 , he disappeared under mysterious circumstances while going by ship from Palermo to Naples . The Majorana equation and Majorana fermions are named after him . In 2006 , the Majorana Prize was established in his memory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wioletta_Frankiewicz", "text": "Wioletta Frankiewicz ( née Janowska ) ( born June 9 , 1977 in Piotrków Trybunalski ) is a Polish runner . She competes in the 1500 metres , but she competes also in the 3000 metre steeplechase event , as she did in the 10th IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki , Finland . She weighs 58 kilograms and is 1.77 metres tall . She won National Indoor Championships in 2003 ( 800 m ) . She also won the National outdoor championships in 2004 ( 5000 m ) and in 2005 ( 1500 m ) . She won the bronze medal in the inaugural 3000 m steeplechase for women at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Coruña_Airport", "text": "A Coruña Airport ( IATA : LCG , ICAO : LECO ) , formerly known as Alvedro Airport , is the airport serving the Galician city of A Coruña in northwestern Spain . The airport is located in the municipality of Culleredo , approximately 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) from the city center . It is a part of the network of airports managed by Aena , a Spanish state-owned company responsible for airport management . Air traffic control is provided by Ferronats . In 2019 , 1,352,583 passengers used the airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans_Christian_Andersen", "text": "Hans Christian Andersen ( /ˈændərsən/ , Danish : [ hæns kʰʁæstjæn ˈanɐsn̩ ] ( listen ) ; 2 April 1805 - 4 August 1875 ) , in Denmark usually called H.C. Andersen , was a Danish author . Although a prolific writer of plays , travelogues , novels , and poems , he is best remembered for his fairy tales . Andersen 's popularity is not limited to children ; his stories express themes that transcend age and nationality . Andersen 's fairy tales , consisting of 3381 works and translated into more than 125 languages , have become culturally embedded in the West 's collective consciousness , readily accessible to children , but presenting lessons of virtue and resilience in the face of adversity for mature readers as well . His most famous fairy tales include The Emperor 's New Clothes , The Little Mermaid , The Nightingale , The Steadfast Tin Soldier , The Red Shoes , The Princess and the Pea , The Snow Queen , The Ugly Duckling , The Little Match Girl , and Thumbelina . His stories have inspired ballets , plays , and animated and live-action films . One of Copenhagen 's widest and busiest boulevards , skirting Copenhagen City Hall Square at the corner of which Andersen 's larger-than-life bronze statue sits , is named H.C. Andersens Boulevard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jo_Pavey", "text": "Joanne Marie Pavey MBE ( née Davis , born 20 September 1973 ) is a British long-distance runner and a World , European , Olympic and Commonwealth medallist . She won the 10,000 m gold medal at the 2014 European Championships in Zürich , ten months after giving birth to her second child , to become the oldest female European champion in history at the age of 40 years and 325 days . She is coached by her husband and manager Gavin Pavey , with whom she has two children . Pavey is a five-time Olympian , having represented Great Britain in every Olympic Games from 2000 to 2016 . She is the only British runner and track event athlete to have competed in five games . She is also the 2012 European Championship silver medallist in the 10,000 m and a two-time 5000 m medallist at the Commonwealth Games , winning silver in Melbourne 2006 and bronze in Glasgow 2014 . At global level , her best results include crossing the line fourth in the 10,000 m at the 2007 World Championships and fifth in the 5000 m at the 2004 Olympic Games . In 2015 media reports stated that 2007 silver medalist Elvan Abeylegesse had been found , on retesting , to have taken a prohibited substance , and suspended by IAAF . Confirmed in 2017 , this elevates Pavey to the bronze medal , her first World Championship medal . Earlier in her career she competed in the 1500 metres , 3000 metres and 5000 metres distances . From 2007 onwards , she focused on longer distances , ranging from 5000 m to the marathon . She has personal best times of 4:01.79 ( 1500 m ) , 8:31.27 ( 3000 m ) , 14:39.96 ( 5000 m ) , 30:53.20 ( 10,000 m ) and 2:28:24 ( marathon ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HNK_Rijeka", "text": "Hrvatski Nogometni Klub Rijeka ( English : Croatian Football Club Rijeka ) , commonly referred to as HNK Rijeka or simply Rijeka , is a Croatian football club from the city of Rijeka . HNK Rijeka compete in Croatia 's top division , HT Prva liga , of which they have been members since its foundation in 1992 . During the reconstruction of Stadion Kantrida , their traditional home ground , Rijeka play their home matches at Stadion Rujevica . Rijeka 's traditional home colours are all white . The club was founded on 29 July 1946 as Sportsko Društvo Kvarner ( Croatian ) / Società Sportiva Quarnero ( Italian ) . The club 's official name was changed to Nogometni Klub Rijeka on 2 July 1954 . In the summer of 1995 , the club management added the adjective hrvatski ( English : Croatian ) to the official name . Rijeka are the third-most successful Croatian football club , having won one Croatian First Football League title , two Yugoslav Cups , five Croatian Football Cups , one Croatian Football Super Cup and the 1977-78 Balkans Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Méier,_Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Méier is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soccer", "text": "Association football , more commonly known as football or soccer , [ a ] is a team sport played with a spherical ball between two teams of 11 players . It is played by approximately 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies , making it the world 's most popular sport . The game is played on a rectangular field called a pitch with a goal at each end . The object of the game is to score by moving the ball beyond the goal line into the opposing goal . Football is played in accordance with a set of rules known as the Laws of the Game . The ball is 68-70 cm ( 27-28 in ) in circumference and known as the football . The two teams each compete to get the ball into the other team 's goal ( between the posts and under the bar ) , thereby scoring a goal . The team that has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner ; if both teams have scored an equal number of goals then the game is a draw . Each team is led by a captain who has only one official responsibility as mandated by the Laws of the Game : to represent their team in the coin toss prior to kick-off or penalty kicks . Players are not allowed to touch the ball with hands or arms while it is in play , except for the goalkeepers within the penalty area . Other players mainly use their feet to strike or pass the ball , but may also use any other part of their body except the hands and the arms . The team that scores most goals by the end of the match wins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/M._S._Rajashekar", "text": "M. S. Rajashekar ( died 29 October 2018 ) was a prominent Kannada film director based in Bangalore . He made his directorial debut with Dhruva Thare starring Dr. Rajkumar which earned the Karnataka State Award for Second Best Film . His second movie Anuraga Aralithu was remade in Tamil , Telugu and Hindi . He went on to make successful films like Ratha Sapthami and Nanjundi Kalyana . Most of his films were either remakes or adapted from novels . He is credited to have brought nativity element in remakes since he is known only to retain the core storyline in the remakes . He is the second director after Singeetam Srinivasa Rao to direct matinee idol Dr. Rajkumar and his two sons . He also has the distinction of having directed Shiva Rajkumar in highest no . of movies - 14 - including his second and third movie ( which earned him the title Hat-trick Hero ) and also Raghavendra Rajkumar in highest no . of movies -8 ( including his second and third movie ) . His movie Kanasina Rani earned Malashri a title of same name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scotland", "text": "Scotland ( Scots : Scotland , Scottish Gaelic : Alba [ ˈal̪ˠapə ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain , with a border with England to the southeast , and is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west , the North Sea to the northeast , the Irish Sea to the south , and more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides . The Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the European Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707 . By inheritance in 1603 , James VI , King of Scots , became king of England and Ireland , thus forming a personal union of the three kingdoms . Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with England on 1 May 1707 to create the new Kingdom of Great Britain . The union also created a new Parliament of Great Britain , which succeeded both the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England . In 1801 , Great Britain entered into a political union with Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ( in 1922 , the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in 1927 ) . Within Scotland , the monarchy of the United Kingdom has continued to use a variety of styles , titles and other royal symbols of statehood specific to the pre-union Kingdom of Scotland . The legal system within Scotland has also remained separate from those of England and Wales and Northern Ireland ; Scotland constitutes a distinct jurisdiction in both public and private law . The continued existence of legal , educational , religious and other institutions distinct from those in the remainder of the UK have all contributed to the continuation of Scottish culture and national identity since the 1707 union with England . In 1997 , a Scottish Parliament was re-established , in the form of a devolved unicameral legislature comprising 129 members , having authority over many areas of domestic policy . The head of the Scottish Government is the first minister of Scotland , who is supported by the deputy first minister of Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beach_soccer", "text": "Beach soccer , also known as beach football , sand football or beasal , is a variant of association football played on a beach or some form of sand . The game emphasises skill , agility and accuracy in shooting at the goal . Whilst football has been played informally on beaches for many years , the introduction of beach soccer was an attempt to codify rules for the game . This was done in 1992 by the founders of Beach Soccer Worldwide , a company set up to develop the sport and responsible for the majority of its tournaments to this day . This was a major foundation for what is now known as beach soccer and what has led to the sport rapidly growing in popularity . The irregularity of the soft-sand playing surface leads to a totally different style of play than is used in football , with a greater degree of improvisation . The compact field , much smaller than a normal football field , allows players to score from anywhere on the sand , leading to an average of sixty attempts at goal in a single game . With an average scoring rate of one goal every three or four minutes , around eleven goals are scored in total during an average game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rice_Owls_football", "text": "The Rice Owls football team represents Rice University in NCAA Division I college football . The Owls have competed in Conference USA 's Western Division since 2005 . Rice Stadium , built in 1950 , hosts the Owls ' home football games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fredy_Fautrel", "text": "Fredy Fautrel ( born 31 October 1971 ) is a French football referee . Born in Avranches , Fautrel became a referee in 1993 and has been registered as a Fédéral 1 referee since 2003 meaning he is eligible to officiate Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 matches , as well as matches in the Coupe de France and Coupe de la Ligue . He also serves as a referee for UEFA and FIFA matches , having become a FIFA referee in 2007 . Fautrel has officiated in qualifiers for the Euro 2008 and 2010 World Cup tournaments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karen_Percy", "text": "Karen Percy Lowe ( born October 10 , 1966 ) is a Canadian former alpine skier . She was born in Banff , Alberta . She won 2 bronze medals in skiing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics , where she was Canada 's flag bearer in the closing ceremony . Until her retirement from the National team in August 1990 , she competed in 107 races on the World Cup circuit with 25-top 10 finishes , four World Championships including two Junior World Championships , and 7 consecutive Canadian National Championships from 1983 to 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Park_Chan-ok", "text": "Park Chan-ok ( born 1968 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter . She wrote and directed Jealousy Is My Middle Name ( 2003 ) and Paju ( 2009 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Do_Raaste", "text": "Do Raaste ( translation : Two ways ) is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla . It stars Rajesh Khanna as the dutiful son and Mumtaz as his love interest . Balraj Sahni and Kamini Kaushal play the eldest son and his wife . Prem Chopra plays the wayward son with Bindu as his wife who creates disputes . The story was based on the trials and tribulations of a lower-middle-class family . It placed emphasis on respect for elders , the paramount status of the mother , the sanctity of the joint family and the supremacy of relations that are stronger than ties of blood . The film became a blockbuster at the box office . This film is counted among the 17 consecutive hit films Rajesh Khanna between 1969 and 1971 , by adding the two-hero films Marayada and Andaz to the 15 consecutive solo hits he gave from 1969 to 1971 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/F.C._Crotone", "text": "Football Club Crotone S.r.l. , commonly referred to as Crotone , is an Italian football club based in Crotone , Calabria . Founded in 1910 , holding home games at Stadio Ezio Scida , which has a 16,547-seat capacity . The club currently competes in Serie B ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Survivor_(band)", "text": "Survivor is an American rock band , formed in Chicago in 1978 around Jim Peterik and Frankie Sullivan . The band achieved its greatest success in the 1980s , producing many charting singles , especially in the United States . The band is best-known for its double-platinum-certified 1982 hit Eye of the Tiger , the theme song for the 1982 motion picture Rocky III ( US number 1 for six weeks ) . The band continued to chart in the mid-1980s with singles like Burning Heart ( US number 2 ) , The Search Is Over ( US number 4 ) , High on You ( US number 8 ) , Is This Love ( US number 9 ) , and I Ca n't Hold Back ( US number 13 ) . The band tweaked its musical direction in 1988 with the release of the slightly heavier Too Hot to Sleep , but the album barely reached the Billboard 200 in the United States . Singer Jimi Jamison later toured as Survivor in the mid-1990s without the permission of the rest of the band , but reunited with guitarist Frankie Sullivan in 2000 . The band then released Reach in 2006 , but Jamison left again after its release and was replaced by singer Robin McAuley . Survivor continued to tour with McAuley into 2011 until Jamison returned later that year . In April 2013 the band 's official media sources announced that guitarist Frankie Sullivan had reunited the current Survivor line-up with original singer Dave Bickler and the band would have Bickler and Jamison together for the next tour . On September 1 , 2014 Jamison died in his home in Memphis , Tennessee , at the age of 63 . His autopsy , released on November 11 , 2014 , revealed the cause of death as a hemorrhagic brain stroke , with acute methamphetamine intoxication contributing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Connecticut_Huskies_men's_basketball", "text": "The UConn Huskies men 's basketball program is the intercollegiate men 's basketball team of the University of Connecticut , in Storrs , Connecticut . They currently play in the American Athletic Conference ( The American ) and are coached by Dan Hurley . The Huskies have won 4 NCAA Tournament Championships ( 1999 , 2004 , 2011 and 2014 ) , which puts the program at sixth-most all-time . The Huskies are tied for the most Big East Tournament Championships with Georgetown at seven each . The Huskies also have the most Big East regular season titles with ten and one American Athletic Conference Tournament Championship . Numerous players have gone on to achieve professional success after their time at UConn , including Cliff Robinson , Ray Allen , Richard Hamilton , Kemba Walker , Ben Gordon , Emeka Okafor , Caron Butler , Jeremy Lamb , Andre Drummond , Shabazz Napier , and Rudy Gay . The Huskies have participated in 5 NCAA Final Fours ( tied for 13th all time ) and appeared in the NCAA tournament 33 times . The team has been a number one seed in the NCAA Tournament 5 times , most recently in 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Captain_America", "text": "Captain America is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , the character first appeared in Captain America Comics # 1 ( cover dated March 1941 ) from Timely Comics , a predecessor of Marvel Comics . Captain America was designed as a patriotic supersoldier who often fought the Axis powers of World War II and was Timely Comics ' most popular character during the wartime period . The popularity of superheroes waned following the war , and the Captain America comic book was discontinued in 1950 , with a short-lived revival in 1953 . Since Marvel Comics revived the character in 1964 , Captain America has remained in publication . The character wears a costume bearing an American flag motif , and he utilizes a nearly indestructible shield that he throws as a projectile . Captain America is the alter ego of Steve Rogers , a frail young man enhanced to the peak of human perfection by an experimental serum to aid the United States government 's efforts in World War II . Near the end of the war , he was trapped in ice and survived in suspended animation until he was revived in modern times . Although Captain America often struggles to maintain his ideals as a man out of his time , he remains a highly respected figure in his community , which includes becoming the long-time leader of the Avengers . Captain America was the first Marvel Comics character to appear in media outside comics with the release of the 1944 movie serial , Captain America . Since then , the character has been featured in other films and television series . In the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) , the character is portrayed by Chris Evans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Judith_Chalmers", "text": "Judith Rosemary Locke Chalmers OBE ( born 10 October 1935 ) is a British television presenter who is best known for presenting the travel programme Wish You Were Here. ? from 1974 to 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sài_Gòn_Xuân_Thành_F.C.", "text": "Xuan Thanh Saigon Cement ( Vietnamese : Câu lạc bộ bóng đá Xi măng Xuân Thành Sài Gòn ) was a Vietnam professional football club based in Ho Chi Minh City , active from 2010 to 2013 . Their home stadium was Thong Nhat Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steven_Lumbala", "text": "Steven Yamukeka Lumbala ( born September 9 , 1991 ) is a retired Canadian football running back who played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League . After the 2012 CIS season , he was ranked as the 13th best player in the Canadian Football Leagues Amateur Scouting Bureau December rankings for players eligible in the 2013 CFL Draft and sixth by players in Canadian Interuniversity Sport . Lumbala was drafted in the first round , fifth overall by the Alouettes and signed with the team on May 27 , 2013 . He played CIS football for the Calgary Dinos . He retired in April 2015 to take an average-paying job in the oil and gas industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London_Borough_of_Bromley", "text": "The London Borough of Bromley ( /ˈbrɒmli/ ( listen ) ) is the southeasternmost of the 32 London boroughs that make up Greater London along with the City of London . It is named after Bromley , its principal town ; other major towns are Beckenham and Orpington . The local authority is Bromley London Borough Council . [ n 1 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/I_Need_to_Know_(Marc_Anthony_song)", "text": "I Need to Know is a song recorded by American singer Marc Anthony for his eponymous fourth studio album . It was released as the lead single from the album on August 15 , 1999 . Written and produced by Anthony and Cory Rooney , I Need to Know is a song about a man who longs to know how a woman feels about him . The song blends the musical styles of several genres , including R & B and Latin music ; the instruments used include violin , piano , timbales and congas . Anthony recorded a Spanish-language version of the song , translated by Angie Chirino and Robert Blades , titled Dímelo . Upon its release , I Need to Know received mostly positive reviews from music critics and was praised for its production and choice of musical styles . It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance in 2000 . The Spanish-language version of the song won the Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year in the same year . Both versions of the song won an American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers award in the pop category . Commercially , the song charted in the top five in Canada and the United States . It was certified gold in Australia and the U.S. Dímelo peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in the U.S . The music video for the song , directed by Paula Walker , was filmed in Los Angeles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kate_Higgins", "text": "Katherine Davis Higgins ( born 16 August 1969 ) is an American voice actress , singer , and jazz pianist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_Coast_Conference", "text": "The Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) is a collegiate athletic conference located in the eastern United States . Headquartered in Greensboro , North Carolina , the conference consists of fifteen member universities , each of whom compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division I , with its football teams competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , the highest levels for athletic competition in US-based collegiate sports . The ACC sponsors competition in twenty-five sports with many of its member institutions ' athletic programs held in high regard nationally . Current members of the conference are Boston College , Clemson University , Duke University , Georgia Institute of Technology , Florida State University , North Carolina State University , Syracuse University , the University of Louisville , the University of Miami , the University of North Carolina , the University of Notre Dame , the University of Pittsburgh , the University of Virginia , Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University , and Wake Forest University . ACC teams and athletes have claimed dozens of national championships in multiple sports throughout the conference 's history . Generally , the ACC 's top athletes and teams in any particular sport in a given year are considered to be among the top collegiate competitors in the nation . Also , the conference enjoys extensive media coverage . The ACC was one of the five collegiate power conferences , which had automatic qualifying for their football champion into the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) . With the advent of the College Football Playoff in 2014 , the ACC is one of five conferences with a contractual tie-in to a New Year 's Six bowl game , the successors to the BCS . The ACC was founded on May 8 , 1953 , by seven universities located in the South Atlantic States , with the University of Virginia joining in early December 1953 to bring the membership to eight . The loss of South Carolina in 1971 dropped membership to seven , while the addition of Georgia Tech in 1979 for non-football sports and 1983 for football brought it back to eight , and Florida State 's arrival in 1991 for non-football sports and 1992 for football increased the membership to nine . Since 2000 , with the widespread reorganization of the NCAA , seven additional schools have joined , and one original member ( Maryland ) has left to bring it to the current membership of 15 schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/In_Search_of_Santa", "text": "In Search of Santa is a 2004 CGI family film starring Hilary Duff and her older sister Haylie Duff in their first voice roles . It was directed by William R. Kowalchuk and released on November 23 , 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magallanes_Region", "text": "The Magallanes Region ( locally [ maɣaˈʝanes ] ) , officially the Magallanes and Chilean Antarctica Region ( Spanish : Región de Magallanes y de la Antártica Chilena ) , is one of Chile 's 16 first order administrative divisions . It is the southernmost , largest , and second least populated region of Chile . It comprises four provinces : Última Esperanza , Magallanes , Tierra del Fuego , and Antártica Chilena . Magallanes 's geographical features include Torres del Paine , Cape Horn , Tierra del Fuego island , and the Strait of Magellan . It also includes the Antarctic territory claimed by Chile . Despite its large area , much of the land in the region is rugged or closed off for sheep farming , and is unsuitable for settlement . 80% of the population lives in the capital Punta Arenas , a major market city and one of the main hubs for Antarctic exploration . The main economic activities are sheep farming , oil extraction , and tourism . It is also the region with the lowest poverty level in Chile ( 5.8% ) ; households in Magallanes have the highest income of any region in Chile . Since 2017 , the region has had its own time zone . It uses the summer time for the whole year ( UTC−3 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stratfield_Mortimer", "text": "Stratfield Mortimer is a village and civil parish , just south of Reading , in the English ceremonial county of Berkshire and District ( unitary authority area ) of West Berkshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barrow_Island,_Barrow-in-Furness", "text": "Barrow Island is an area and electoral ward of Barrow-in-Furness , Cumbria , England . Originally separate from the British mainland , land reclamation in the 1860s saw the northern fringes of the island connect to Central Barrow . Barrow Island is also bound to the south and east by the town 's dock system and to the west by Walney Channel . The Ward population taken at the 2011 census was 2,616 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAF_Ballykelly", "text": "RAF Ballykelly was a Royal Air Force station which opened in 1941 in Ballykelly , County Londonderry . It closed in 1971 when the site was handed over to the British Army as Shackleton Barracks . A small part of the base has been used as a refuelling point by army helicopters and small fixed-wing aircraft usually operating out of RAF Aldergrove near the town of Antrim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edinburgh", "text": "Edinburgh ( /ˈɛdɪnbərə/ ( listen ) ; Scots : Edinburgh ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Èideann [ ˈt̪uːn ˈeːtʲən̪ˠ ] ) is the capital of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas . Historically part of the county of Midlothian ( interchangeably Edinburghshire before 1921 ) , it is located in Lothian on the Firth of Forth 's southern shore . Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century , Edinburgh is the seat of the Scottish Government , the Scottish Parliament and the supreme courts of Scotland . The city 's Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official residence of the monarch in Scotland . The city has long been a centre of education , particularly in the fields of medicine , Scots law , literature , philosophy , the sciences and engineering . It is the second largest financial centre in the United Kingdom ( after London ) and the city 's historical and cultural attractions have made it the United Kingdom 's second most popular tourist destination attracting 1.75 million visits from overseas in 2016 . Edinburgh is Scotland 's second most populous city and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom . The official population estimates are 488,050 ( 2016 ) for the Locality of Edinburgh ( Edinburgh pre 1975 regionalisation plus Currie and Balerno ) , 518,500 ( 2018 ) for the City of Edinburgh , and 1,339,380 ( 2014 ) for the city region . Edinburgh lies at the heart of the Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region comprising East Lothian , Edinburgh , Fife , Midlothian , Scottish Borders and West Lothian . The city is the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland . It is home to national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland , the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery . The University of Edinburgh , founded in 1582 and now one of four in the city , is placed 20th in the QS World University Rankings for 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joël_Epalle", "text": "Joël Dieudonné Martin Epalle Newaka ( born 20 February 1978 ) is a Cameroonian football player . He mainly played as a right midfielder , but throughout his career he has also played as a Second Striker , more noticeably during his first spell at Iraklis . He was born in Matomb , Cameroon and played youth football in Cameroonian powerhouse Union Douala , the team for which he made his senior debut . After his spell in Cameroon , in 1998 , he moved to Greece where he played football for several clubs including Ethnikos , Panachaiki , Aris , Panathinaikos and Iraklis in a time span of nine and a half years . Subsequently , in January 2007 , he moved to Bundesliga outfit VfL Bochum where he played for three and a half years . After a brief stay at Azerbaijani club FK Baku , in January 2011 he returned to Greece to have a second spell at Iraklis . Epalle was Iraklis ' top-scorer for the 2005-06 season . Started at the end of March 2012 , he has made his first appearance and play for Sarawak FA alongside his fellow Cameroon friend , Guy Bwele . Epalle has won 31 caps for Cameroon . He was a member of the Cameroon side that won the gold medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics football tournament . Epalle was also a member of the Cameroon squad that won the 2002 African Cup of Nations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dimos_Baxevanidis", "text": "Dimos Baxevanidis ( , born 14 April 1988 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Xanthi . He also played for Doxa Drama on loan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Janne_Gustafsson", "text": "Johan Janne Gustafsson ( 2 May 1883 - 24 September 1942 ) was a Swedish shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics . In 1908 he won the silver medal in the team free rifle event . In the 300 metre free rifle competition as well as in the team military rifle event he finished fifth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beşiktaş_J.K.", "text": "Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü ( English : Beşiktaş Gymnastics Club ) , also known simply as Beşiktaş ( Turkish pronunciation : [ beˈʃiktaʃ ] ) , is a Turkish sports club founded in 1903 , and based in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul , Turkey . The club 's football team is one of the most successful teams in Turkey , having never been relegated to a lower division . The team last won the Turkish Süper Lig championship during the 2016-17 season . The home ground of Beşiktaş is Vodafone Park , a 41,903 capacity all-seater stadium located next to Dolmabahçe Palace . The club also competes in other branches including basketball , volleyball , handball , athletics , boxing , wrestling , chess , bridge , gymnastics , rowing , table tennis , paralympic sports , Esports , and beach football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hal_Hartley", "text": "Hal Hartley ( born November 3 , 1959 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and composer who became a key figure in the American independent film movement of the 1980s and '90s . He is best known for his films The Unbelievable Truth , Trust , Simple Men , Amateur and Henry Fool , which are notable for deadpan humour and offbeat characters quoting philosophical dialogue . His films provided a career launch for a number of actors , including Adrienne Shelly ( who would later direct her only film , the 2007 comedy-drama Waitress ) , Edie Falco ( Nurse Jackie ) , James Urbaniak ( American Splendor ) , Martin Donovan , Karen Sillas and Elina Löwensohn . Hartley frequently scores his own films using his pseudonym Ned Rifle , and his soundtracks regularly feature music by indie rock acts Sonic Youth , Yo La Tengo and PJ Harvey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jauja", "text": "Jauja ( Shawsha Wanka Quechua : Sausa , Shawsha or Shausha , formerly in Spanish Xauxa , with pronunciation of x as sh ) is a city and capital of Jauja Province in Peru . It is situated in the fertile Mantaro Valley , 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) to the northwest of Huancayo ( the capital of Junín Region ) , at an altitude of 3,400 metres ( 11,200 ft ) . Its population in 2015 was 15,432 . Jauja , which flourished for a short time , was once the capital of Spanish Peru , prior to the founding of Lima as the new capital . Its name is referenced in the popular Spanish expression país de Jauja , which literally means country of Jauja , but is used figuratively to mean a never never land or a land of milk and honey . The town , with a laid back ambiance and salubrious climate , has narrow streets with houses painted blue . Laguna de Paca lake is close to the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle_Seahawks", "text": "The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington . The Seahawks compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) West division . They joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team . The Seahawks are coached by Pete Carroll . Since 2002 , they have played their home games at CenturyLink Field ( formerly Qwest Field ) , located south of downtown Seattle . They previously played home games in the Kingdome ( 1976-1999 ) and Husky Stadium ( 1994 , 2000-2001 ) . Seahawks fans have been referred to collectively as the 12th Man , 12th Fan , or 12s . The Seahawks ' fans have twice set the Guinness World Record for the loudest crowd noise at a sporting event , first registering 136.6 decibels during a game against the San Francisco 49ers in September 2013 , and later during a Monday Night Football game against the New Orleans Saints a few months later , with a then record-setting 137.6 dB . The Seahawks are the only NFL franchise based in the Pacific Northwest region of North America , and thus attract support from a wide geographical area , including some parts of Oregon , Montana , Idaho , and Alaska , as well as Canadian fans in British Columbia , Alberta and Saskatchewan . Steve Largent , Cortez Kennedy , Walter Jones , and Kenny Easley have been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame primarily or wholly for their accomplishments as Seahawks . In addition to them , Dave Brown , Jacob Green , Dave Krieg , Curt Warner , and Jim Zorn have been inducted into the Seahawks Ring of Honor along with Pete Gross ( radio announcer ) and Chuck Knox ( head coach ) . The Seahawks have won 10 division titles and three conference championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mega_Man_X2", "text": "Mega Man X2 , known as Rockman X2 ( ロックマンX2 ) in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) . The game was released in Japan on December 16 , 1994 and in North America and PAL regions in 1995 . It is the direct sequel to Mega Man X , released one year prior . Mega Man X2 takes place in the near future in which humans try to peacefully coexist with intelligent robots called Reploids , with some of the Reploids going Maverick and threatening daily life . The plot follows the android protagonist X , a Maverick Hunter who has saved humanity from the evil Sigma six months earlier . A trio of Mavericks calling themselves the X-Hunters has arisen , intent on destroying X by luring him with bodyparts of his comrade Zero , who died in the conflict with Sigma . Mega Man X2 features much of the same action-platforming elements as the first installment of the series , following the traditional gameplay of the original Mega Man series . The player is tasked with completing a series of stages by destroying enemies , gaining various power-ups , and winning the special weapon of each stage 's boss . Like the first Mega Man X , this game lets the player dash , scale walls , and obtain access to special abilities via optional pieces of armor . Mega Man X2 is graphically similar to its predecessor as well , but Capcom included the Cx4 in-cartridge enhancement chip to allow for some 3D wireframe effects . The development team was instructed to utilize this technology as much as possible when working on the game . The presentation and gameplay of Mega Man X2 have earned the game a mostly positive critical reception ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1992 Summer Olympics ( Spanish : Juegos Olímpicos de Verano de 1992 , Catalan : Jocs Olímpics d'estiu de 1992 ) , officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event held in Barcelona , Spain from 25 July to 9 August 1992 . Beginning in 1994 , the International Olympic Committee decided to hold the Summer and Winter Olympics in alternating even-numbered years . The 1992 Summer Olympics was the last occasion for the Summer and Winter Olympics to be staged in the same year . This Olympiad was the first since the end of the Cold War , and was unaffected by boycotts for the first time since the 1972 Olympiad . The Unified Team topped the medal table , winning 45 gold and 112 overall medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorset", "text": "Dorset ( /ˈdɔːrsɪt/ ; archaically : Dorsetshire ) is a county in South West England on the English Channel coast . The ceremonial county comprises the unitary authority areas of Bournemouth , Christchurch and Poole and Dorset . Covering an area of 2,653 square kilometres ( 1,024 sq mi ) , Dorset borders Devon to the west , Somerset to the north-west , Wiltshire to the north-east , and Hampshire to the east . The county town is Dorchester which is in the south . After the reorganisation of local government in 1974 the county 's border was extended eastward to incorporate the Hampshire towns of Bournemouth and Christchurch . Around half of the population lives in the South East Dorset conurbation , while the rest of the county is largely rural with a low population density . The county has a long history of human settlement stretching back to the Neolithic era . The Romans conquered Dorset 's indigenous Celtic tribe , and during the Early Middle Ages , the Saxons settled the area and made Dorset a shire in the 7th century . The first recorded Viking raid on the British Isles occurred in Dorset during the eighth century , and the Black Death entered England at Melcombe Regis in 1348 . Dorset has seen much civil unrest : in the English Civil War , an uprising of vigilantes was crushed by Oliver Cromwell 's forces in a pitched battle near Shaftesbury ; the doomed Monmouth Rebellion began at Lyme Regis ; and a group of farm labourers from Tolpuddle were instrumental in the formation of the trade union movement . During the Second World War , Dorset was heavily involved in the preparations for the invasion of Normandy , and the large harbours of Portland and Poole were two of the main embarkation points . The former was the sailing venue in the 2012 Summer Olympics , and both have clubs or hire venues for sailing , Cornish pilot gig rowing , sea kayaking and powerboating ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perica_Bukić", "text": "Perica Bukić ( born 20 February 1966 ) is a Croatian former professional water polo player and politician . He represented Yugoslavia at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California , where the team won the gold medal . Bukić was educated at the University of Zagreb , from which he received a degree in economics . During his active water polo years , he played for Solaris Šibenik , Mladost Zagreb , and Jadran Split . He later became the sports director of Mladost Zagreb . Bukić is a member of the Croatian Democratic Union . In the 2003 Croatian parliamentary election he attained a seat in the Croatian Parliament . In the 2007 Croatian parliamentary election he retained his seat . His term of office in the Parliament ended in January 2008 . In 2004 he was elected as the president of the Croatian Water Polo Federation , the sport 's governing body in Croatia . In July 2008 Bukić was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame . His son is Luka Bukić , who is also a water polo player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Columbus,_Georgia", "text": "Columbus is a consolidated city-county located on the west-central border of the U.S. state of Georgia . Located on the Chattahoochee River directly across from Phenix City , Alabama , Columbus is the county seat of Muscogee County , with which it officially merged in 1970 . Columbus is the third-largest city in Georgia and the fourth-largest metropolitan area . According to the 2017 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , Columbus has a population of 194,058 residents , with 303,811 in the Columbus metropolitan area . The metro area joins the nearby Alabama cities of Auburn and Opelika to form the Columbus-Auburn-Opelika Combined Statistical Area , which has a 2017 estimated population of 499,128 . Columbus lies 100 miles ( 160 km ) southwest of Atlanta . Fort Benning , the United States Army 's Maneuver Center of Excellence and a major employer , is located south of the city in Chattahoochee County . Columbus is home to museums and tourism sites , including the National Infantry Museum , dedicated to the United States Army 's Infantry Branch . It has the longest urban whitewater rafting course in the world constructed on the Chattahoochee River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josef_Thaler", "text": "Josef Thaler is an Austrian luger who competed in the 1950s . He won two medals at the inaugural event at the FIL World Luge Championships in Oslo in 1955 with a gold in the men 's doubles and a silver in the men 's singles events . Thaler also won a bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1956 European luge championships in Imst , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fox_Broadcasting_Company", "text": "The Fox Broadcasting Company ( often shortened to Fox and stylized in all caps as FOX ) is an American broadcast television network that is a flagship property of the Fox Corporation . The network is headquartered at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City , with additional offices at the Fox Broadcasting Center ( also in New York ) and at the Fox Television Center in Los Angeles . Launched on October 9 , 1986 , as a competitor to the Big Three television networks ( ABC , CBS and NBC ) , Fox went on to become the most successful attempt at a fourth television network . It was the highest-rated network in the 18-49 demographic from 2004 to 2012 , and earned the position as the most-watched American television network in total viewership during the 2007-08 season . Fox and its affiliated companies operate many entertainment channels in international markets , although these do not necessarily air the same programming as the U.S. network . Most viewers in Canada have access to at least one U.S.-based Fox affiliate , either free-to-air or through a pay television provider , although Fox 's National Football League broadcasts and most of its prime time programming are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations for pay television providers imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) to protect rights held by domestically based networks . Fox is named after what was once called 20th Century Fox , its original corporate sibling ( and still its major supplier of programming , despite its acquisition by Disney ) and indirectly for producer William Fox , who founded one of the movie studio 's predecessors , Fox Film . Fox is a member of the North American Broadcasters Association and the National Association of Broadcasters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diameter", "text": "In geometry , a diameter of a circle is any straight line segment that passes through the center of the circle and whose endpoints lie on the circle . It can also be defined as the longest chord of the circle . Both definitions are also valid for the diameter of a sphere . In more modern usage , the length of a diameter is also called the diameter . In this sense one speaks of the diameter rather than a diameter ( which refers to the line segment itself ) , because all diameters of a circle or sphere have the same length , this being twice the radius r ."}
{"title": "/wiki/U.S._Securities_and_Exchange_Commission", "text": "The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) is an independent agency of the United States federal government . The SEC holds primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws , proposing securities rules , and regulating the securities industry , which is the nation 's stock and options exchanges , and other activities and organizations , including the electronic securities markets in the United States . In addition to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , which created it , the SEC enforces the Securities Act of 1933 , the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 , the Investment Company Act of 1940 , the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , and other statutes . The SEC was created by Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( now codified as 15 U.S.C . § 78d and commonly referred to as the Exchange Act or the 1934 Act ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Pennsylvania_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Pennsylvania Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Pennsylvania in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is independently conducted and produced by Sanders & Associates , Inc. , dba- Pageant Associates based in Buckhannon , West Virginia . Pennsylvania has been reasonably successful at Miss Teen USA . Their best decade was the 1990s , when they ranked fifth-equal in terms of number and value of placements . All but three of this state 's placements came in the 1990s , with only one placement in the 1980s and two in the 2000s . The placement in 2000 was their best , however , when Jillian Parry captured the Miss Teen USA crown . Three Pennsylvania teens have crossed over to win the Miss Pennsylvania USA title and compete at Miss USA . Kiara Lin of Cranberry Township was crowned Miss Pennsylvania Teen USA 2020 on November 3 , 2019 at Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center in Johnstown . She will represent Pennsylvania for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pisces_(astrology)", "text": "Pisces ( ♓️ ) ( /ˈpaɪsiːz/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἰχθύες Ikhthyes ) is the twelfth astrological sign in the Zodiac . It is a negative mutable sign . It spans 330° to 360° of celestial longitude . Under the tropical zodiac , the sun transits this area between February 19 and March 20 . [ a ] In Sidereal astrology , the Sun currently transits the constellation of Pisces from approximately March 12 to April 18 . In classical interpretations , the symbol of the fish is derived from the ichthyocentaurs , who aided Aphrodite when she was born from the sea . According to some tropical astrologers , the current astrological age is the Age of Pisces , while others maintain that it is the Age of Aquarius ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bridge_of_Don_Thistle_F.C.", "text": "Bridge of Don Thistle Football Club is a Scottish football club from Aberdeen . Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association , they currently play in the SJFA North Superleague ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kristy_Sargeant", "text": "Kristy Lee Sargeant-Wirtz ( born January 24 , 1974 ) is a Canadian former pair skater . With Kris Wirtz , she is the 1999 Four Continents silver medallist , the 1994 Skate Canada International champion , and a two-time Canadian national champion . The pair competed at two Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helen_Walton", "text": "Helen Robson Walton ( December 3 , 1919 - April 19 , 2007 ) was a prominent art advocate , dedicated to her community in Bentonville , Arkansas where she instituted a committee for a national museum of arts . After 31 years of activity , the Arkansas Committee on the National Museum for Women in the Arts is the longest standing committee in the state . She was also the wife of Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club founder Sam Walton . At one point in her life , she was the richest American and the eleventh-richest woman in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jim_Paciorek", "text": "James Joseph Paciorek ( born June 7 , 1960 ) is an American former professional baseball player . He played first base , third base , and outfield for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He also played with the Yokohama Taiyo Whales and Hanshin Tigers in the Japanese Central League . His two older brothers , John and Tom , also played in the Major Leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hurunui_District", "text": "Hurunui District is a territorial local government district within the Canterbury Region on the east coast of New Zealand 's South Island , north of Christchurch . It stretches from the east coast to the Main Divide . Its land area is 8,660.43 square kilometres ( 3,343.81 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pontine_Marshes", "text": "The Pontine Marshes ( /ˈpɒntaɪn/ , also US : /ˈpɒntiːn/ ; Italian : Agro Pontino [ ˈaːɡro ponˈtiːno ] , formerly also Paludi Pontine ; Latin : Pomptinus Ager by Titus Livius , Pomptina Palus ( singular ) and Pomptinae Paludes ( plural ) by Pliny the Elder ) is an approximately quadrangular area of former marshland in the Lazio Region of central Italy , extending along the coast southeast of Rome about 45 km ( 28 mi ) from just east of Anzio to Terracina ( ancient Tarracina ) , varying in distance inland between the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Volscian Mountains ( the Monti Lepini in the north , the Monti Ausoni in the center , and the Monti Aurunci in the south ) from 15 to 25 km ( 9.3 to 15.5 mi ) . The northwestern border runs approximately from the mouth of the river Astura along the river and from its upper reaches to Cori in the Monti Lepini . The former marsh is a low tract of mainly agricultural land created by draining and filling , separated from the sea by sand dunes . The area amounts to about 80,000 ha ( 800 km2 ; 310 sq mi ) . The Via Appia , a Roman military road constructed in 312 BC , crosses the inland side of the former marsh in a long , straight stretch flanked by trees . Before then , travelers had to use the Via Latina along the flanks of the mountains ; Terracina could not be reached across the marsh . Further southward along the coast as far as Minturno is another stretch of former coastal marsh called the South Pontino , the largest section being between Terracina and Sperlonga , as far inland as Fondi . It was part of ancient Latium adiectum and still belongs to Lazio . Bordered by the Aurunci Mountains , this land is mainly reclaimed , as well , but the more frequent incursion of hills permitted more dense settlements . Leaving Terracina , the Via Appia crosses it , as well . The marsh was an extensive alluvial plain at about sea level ( some above , some below ) created by the failure of the streams draining the mountains to find clearly defined outlets to the sea through the barrier dunes . Above sea level , it was a forested swamp ; below , it was mud flats and pools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mesa_Verde_Administrative_District", "text": "Mesa Verde Administrative District is a set of six National Park Service buildings within Mesa Verde National Park , constructed in 1921 in a Pueblo Revival Style architecture . The Park Service buildings were declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bourne_Identity_(2002_film)", "text": "The Bourne Identity is a 2002 American action thriller film based on Robert Ludlum 's novel of the same name . It stars Matt Damon as Jason Bourne , a man suffering from extreme memory loss and attempting to discover his true identity amidst a clandestine conspiracy within the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) . The film also features Franka Potente , Chris Cooper , Clive Owen , Julia Stiles , Brian Cox , and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje . The first installment in the Jason Bourne film series , it was followed by The Bourne Supremacy ( 2004 ) , The Bourne Ultimatum ( 2007 ) , The Bourne Legacy ( 2012 ) , and Jason Bourne ( 2016 ) . The film was co-produced and directed by Doug Liman and adapted for the screen by Tony Gilroy and William Blake Herron . Although Robert Ludlum died in 2001 , he is credited as an executive producer alongside Frank Marshall . Universal Pictures released the film to theatres in the United States on June 14 , 2002 , and it received a positive critical and public reaction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado", "text": "Colorado ( /ˌkɒləˈrædoʊ , -ˈrɑːdoʊ/ ( listen ) , other variants ) is a state of the Western United States encompassing most of the southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains . It is the 8th most extensive and 21st most populous U.S. state . The estimated population of Colorado is 5,770,545 as of 2019 , an increase of 14.7% since the 2010 United States Census . The state was named for the Colorado River , which early Spanish explorers named the Río Colorado ( Red River ) for the ruddy silt the river carried from the mountains . The Territory of Colorado was organized on February 28 , 1861 , and on August 1 , 1876 , U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant signed Proclamation 230 admitting Colorado to the Union as the 38th state . Colorado is nicknamed the Centennial State because it became a state one century after the signing of the United States Declaration of Independence . Colorado is bordered by Wyoming to the north , Nebraska to the northeast , Kansas to the east , Oklahoma to the southeast , New Mexico to the south , Utah to the west , and touches Arizona to the southwest at the Four Corners . Colorado is noted for its vivid landscape of mountains , forests , high plains , mesas , canyons , plateaus , rivers and desert lands . Colorado is part of the western and southwestern United States and is one of the Mountain States . Denver is the capital and most populous city of Colorado . Residents of the state are known as Coloradans , although the antiquated term Coloradoan is occasionally used ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lauren_Graham", "text": "Lauren Helen Graham ( born March 16 , 1967 ) is an American actress and author . She is best known for her roles as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls ( 2000-2007 and 2016 ) , for which she received nominations for Screen Actors Guild , Golden Globe and Satellite Awards , and as Sarah Braverman on the NBC television drama Parenthood ( 2010-2015 ) . Graham 's film work includes roles in Sweet November ( 2001 ) , Bad Santa ( 2003 ) , The Pacifier ( 2005 ) , Because I Said So ( 2007 ) , and Evan Almighty ( 2007 ) . She published her debut novel with Ballantine Books in 2013 , Someday , Someday , Maybe . In 2016 , Graham reprised her role as Lorelai Gilmore on Netflix 's reunion miniseries Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life and published a memoir , Talking as Fast as I Can ."}
{"title": "/wiki/England", "text": "England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Wales to the west and Scotland to the north . The Irish Sea lies west of England and the Celtic Sea to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain , which lies in the North Atlantic , and includes over 100 smaller islands , such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight . It is the largest country of British Isles . The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula , who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law - the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world - developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . England 's terrain is chiefly low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there is upland and mountainous terrain in the north ( for example , the Lake District and Pennines ) and in the west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Shropshire Hills ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Maguire_(whistleblower)", "text": "Andrew Maguire is a British commodities trader and whistleblower . He presented evidence to United States regulators alleging that fraud had been committed , and that prices in the international gold and silver markets had been manipulated . No regulatory or legal action has been taken as a result of his accusations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1936_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Shooting at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin saw the reintroduction of 50 metre pistol ( then called Free Pistol ) but still only had three events . The competitions were held from 6 to 8 August 1936 at the shooting ranges at Wannsee . Germany succeeded only in winning one of the three gold medals ; the others went to Scandinavians after great accomplishments : Torsten Ullman won Free Pistol with a margin of 15 points and a new world record , and Willy Røgeberg achieved the maximum score in the Prone event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_New_York_Red_Bulls_season", "text": "The 2015 New York Red Bulls season was the franchise 's twentieth season in Major League Soccer , the top division of soccer in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whistleblower", "text": "A whistleblower ( also written as whistle-blower or whistle blower ) is a person who exposes secretive information or activity that is deemed illegal , unethical , or not correct within a private or public organization . The information of alleged wrongdoing can be classified in many ways : violation of company policy/rules , law , regulation , or threat to public interest/national security , as well as fraud , and corruption . Those who become whistleblowers can choose to bring information or allegations to surface either internally or externally . Internally , a whistleblower can bring his/her accusations to the attention of other people within the accused organization such as an immediate supervisor . Externally , a whistleblower can bring allegations to light by contacting a third party outside of an accused organization such as the media , government , law enforcement , or those who are concerned . Whistleblowers , however , take the risk of facing stiff reprisal and retaliation from those who are accused or alleged of wrongdoing . Because of this , a number of laws exist to protect whistleblowers . Some third-party groups even offer protection to whistleblowers , but that protection can only go so far . Whistleblowers face legal action , criminal charges , social stigma , and termination from any position , office , or job . Two other classifications of whistleblowing are private and public . The classifications relate to the type of organizations someone chooses to whistle-blow on : private sector , or public sector . Depending on many factors , both can have varying results ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Saxton", "text": "Andrew Saxton ( born March 11 , 1964 ) is a Canadian politician and businessman , who was elected Member of Parliament to represent the electoral district of North Vancouver in the 2008 Canadian federal election and re-elected in 2011 ; he was defeated in 2015 . He is a member of the Conservative Party and was nominated as the Conservative candidate in North Vancouver on June 1 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_natural_disasters_by_death_toll", "text": "A natural disaster is a sudden event that causes widespread destruction , major collateral damage or loss of life , brought about by forces other than the acts of human beings . A natural disaster might be caused by earthquakes , flooding , volcanic eruption , landslide , hurricanes etc . To be classified as a disaster , it will have profound environmental effect and/or human loss and frequently causes financial loss ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fred_Roberts", "text": "Frederick Clark Fred Roberts ( born August 14 , 1960 ) is a retired American basketball player who played power forward in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) for 13 seasons , a career spanning from 1983 to 1997 , becoming one of the more successful journeymen to play in the league . He also played in FC Barcelona of the Liga ACB ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amaury_Gutiérrez", "text": "Amaury Gutierrez is a Cuban singer and composer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kodandera_Subayya_Thimayya", "text": "General Kodendera Subayya Thimayya , DSO was a distinguished soldier of the Indian Army who served as Chief of Army Staff from 1957 to 1961 in the crucial years leading up to the conflict with China in 1962 . Gen. Thimayya was the only Indian to command an Infantry brigade in battle during the Second World War and is regarded as the most distinguished combat officer the Indian Army has produced . After the Korean War , Thimayya headed a United Nations unit dealing with the repatriation of prisoners of war . After his retirement from the Army , he was appointed Commander of the United Nations Peace Keeping Force in Cyprus from July 1964 to December 1965 and died in Cyprus while on active duty on 18th Dec 1965 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herman_Wouk", "text": "Herman Wouk ( /woʊk/ WOHK ; May 27 , 1915 - May 17 , 2019 ) was an American author best known for historical fiction such as The Caine Mutiny ( 1951 ) which won the Pulitzer Prize . His other major works include The Winds of War and War and Remembrance , historical novels about World War II , and non-fiction such as This Is My God , an explanation of Judaism from a Modern Orthodox perspective , written for Jewish and non-Jewish audiences . His books have been translated into 27 languages . The Washington Post called Wouk , who cherished his privacy , the reclusive dean of American historical novelists . Historians , novelists , publishers , and critics who gathered at the Library of Congress in 1995 to mark Wouk 's 80th birthday described him as an American Tolstoy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xbox_Live_Arcade", "text": "Xbox Live Arcade ( XBLA ) is a digital video game download service available through the Xbox Games Store , Microsoft 's digital distribution network for the Xbox 360 . It focuses on smaller downloadable games from both major publishers and independent game developers . Titles range from classic console and arcade video games , to new games designed from the ground up for the service . Games available through the XBLA service range from $ 5-20 in price , and as of October 2016 , there have been 719 Xbox Live Arcade titles released for the Xbox 360 . Prior to the Xbox 360 , Xbox Live Arcade was the name for an online distribution network on the original Xbox , which was replaced by the Xbox Live Marketplace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silk_Stockings_(1957_film)", "text": "Silk Stockings is a 1957 Metrocolor Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer CinemaScope musical film adaptation of the 1955 stage musical of the same name , which itself was an adaptation of the film Ninotchka ( 1939 ) . Silk Stockings was directed by Rouben Mamoulian , produced by Arthur Freed , and starred Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse . The supporting cast includes Janis Paige , Peter Lorre , Jules Munshin , and George Tobias repeating his Broadway role . It was choreographed by Eugene Loring and Hermes Pan . It received Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Film and Best Actress ( Charisse ) in the Comedy/Musical category . The score was embellished with the new song The Ritz Roll and Rock , a parody of the then-emerging rock and roll genre . The number ends with Astaire symbolically smashing his top hat , considered one of his trademarks , signaling his retirement from movie musicals , which he announced following the film 's release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adventure_Comics", "text": "Adventure Comics is an American comic book series published by DC Comics from 1938 to 1983 and revived from 2009 to 2011 . In its first era , the series ran for 503 issues ( 472 of those after the title changed from New Adventure Comics ) , making it the fifth-longest-running DC series , behind Detective Comics , Action Comics , Superman , and Batman . The series was revived in 2009 through a new # 1 issue by artist Clayton Henry and writer Geoff Johns . It returned to its original numbering with # 516 ( September 2010 ) . The series finally ended with # 529 ( October 2011 ) prior to a company-wide revision of DC 's superhero comic book line , known as The New 52 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Garowe", "text": "Garowe ( Somali : Garoowe , Arabic : غاروي , Italian : Garoe ) is the capital of Nugaal region and administrative capital of Puntland state in northeastern Somalia . Garowe is situated in the Nugaal Valley , bounded by gradually ascending high plateaus that generally reach elevations of 500 to 1,000 metres ( 1,600 to 3,300 feet ) above sea level on the north , west , and south . The western part of the same plateau is crossed by numerous valleys and dry watercourses . Goat and camel raising form the basis of the economy , and frankincense and myrrh are collected from wild trees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Atlanta_High_School", "text": "North Atlanta High School is a comprehensive public high school of approximately 1,800 students in the Paces neighborhood of Atlanta , Georgia , United States . The school is a part of Atlanta Public Schools . The school was formed after North Fulton High School combined with Northside High School during the 1991-1992 school year . This merger resulted in North Atlanta High School being the only high school in Atlanta Public Schools ( APS ) to host two magnet programs : the International Studies Program and the Performance Arts . The Performance Arts program is now technically defunct , but North Atlanta continues to encourage students ' artistic abilities and talents in performance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anaheim,_California", "text": "Anaheim ( /ˈænəhaɪm/ ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th-most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second-largest city in Orange County in terms of land area , and is known for being the home of the Disneyland Resort , the Anaheim Convention Center , and two major sports teams : the Anaheim Ducks ice hockey club and the Los Angeles Angels baseball team . Anaheim was founded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on March 18 , 1876 ; Orange County was split off from Los Angeles County in 1889 . Anaheim remained largely an agricultural community until Disneyland opened in 1955 . This led to the construction of several hotels and motels around the area , and residential districts in Anaheim soon followed . The city also developed into an industrial center , producing electronics , aircraft parts and canned fruit . Anaheim is a charter city . Anaheim 's city limits extend almost the full width of Orange County , from Cypress in the west , twenty miles east to the Riverside County line in the east , encompass a diverse range of neighborhoods . In the west , mid-20th-century tract houses predominate . Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts , the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony . South of downtown , a center of commercial activity of regional importance begins , the Anaheim-Santa Ana edge city , which stretches east and south into the cities of Orange , Santa Ana and Garden Grove ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calico_Rock,_Arkansas", "text": "Calico Rock is a city in Izard County , Arkansas , United States . The population was 1,545 at the 2010 census , up from 991 in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rigshospitalet", "text": "Rigshospitalet ( meaning The National , State or Kingdom Hospital , but not usually translated ) is one of the largest hospitals in Denmark and the most highly specialised hospital in Copenhagen . The hospital 's main building is a 16 storey functionalist highrise , one of the tallest structures in the central parts of the city . Rigshospitalet neighbours the Panum Building which houses the Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences at the University of Copenhagen . As a teaching hospital it is part of the framework organisation Copenhagen University Hospital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas_Longhorns_baseball", "text": "The Texas Longhorns baseball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's baseball competition . The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas began varsity intercollegiate competition in baseball in 1894 . Texas is the winningest NCAA Division I college baseball program in terms of win percentage , with an all-time win-loss record of 3585-1354-32 ( .724 ) as of the end of the 2019 season . The Longhorns rank second in all-time wins as of June 11 , 2018 , behind the Fordham Rams . As of the end of the 2018 conference season , Texas has won 78 regular season conference championships and 16 conference tournament championships in baseball . The Longhorns have won six NCAA baseball national championships ( 1949 , 1950 , 1975 , 1983 , 2002 , 2005 ) - tied with LSU and second to Southern California 's total of 12 - and have been the runner-up in the College World Series ( CWS ) Championship Games on six other occasions ( 1953 , 1984 , 1985 , 1989 , 2004 , 2009 ) . Texas holds the records for most appearances in the College World Series ( 36 ) , most individual CWS games won ( 85 ) , most overall NCAA Tournament games won ( 240 ) , and most NCAA Tournament appearances ( 59 ) ; the second-place programs in these categories have 25 CWS appearances ( Miami ) , wins in 74 CWS games ( Southern California ) , 192 overall NCAA Tournament wins ( Florida State and Miami ) , and 56 NCAA Tournament appearances ( Florida State ) , as of June 11 , 2018 . Former Longhorns who have gone on to success in Major League Baseball include Roger Clemens , Calvin Schiraldi , Burt Hooton , Keith Moreland , Spike Owen , Mark Petkovsek , Greg Swindell , Brandon Belt , and Huston Street . From 1997 to 2016 , the Longhorns were led by head coach Augie Garrido , who holds the record for most wins in NCAA baseball history . The team is currently led by third-year head coach David Pierce . Texas plays its home games at UFCU-Disch-Falk Field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monsieur_Periné", "text": "Monsieur Periné is a Bogotá-based musical ensemble from Colombia with an Afro-Colombian sound that mixes Latin and European flavors . Lead singer Catalina García sings in a mixture of Spanish , French , English , and Portuguese . Other members include Nicolás Junca on the guitar ; Santiago Prieto , who plays the charango , violin , and guitar ; Adinda Meertins on the double bass ; Jairo Alfonso on the winds ( primarily saxophone and clarinet ) ; Abstin Caviedes on the trombone and bugle ; Miguel Guerra on percussion ; and Darwin Baez on the drums . Their style mixes elements of cumbia , tango , danzón , bolero and pop music , according to the San Diego Union Tribune . At the Latin Grammy Awards , the ensemble was named best new artist of 2015 . Their debut album in 2012 won Colombia 's national gold album award . The group was formed in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Afgooye", "text": "Afgooye ( Somali : Afgooye , Arabic : أفجويي , Italian : Afgoi ) is a town in the southwestern Somalia Lower Shebelle ( Shabellaha Hoose ) region of Somalia . It is the center of the Afgooye District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_St._Peter,_Langford_Budville", "text": "The Church of St. Peter in Langford Budville , Somerset , England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building . The red sandstone church has the capacity for about 150 people , including the north aisle which was added in 1866 to accommodate worshippers from Binden House . The tower was added in 1509 and the south aisle soon afterwards . The church was restored in 1846 and the north aisle added in 1866 . The vestry and organ chamber were added in 1873 . The tower holds five bells which were re-hung as part of the refurbishment in the 1990s , which also included repairs to the roof and stonework . There is a War Memorial in the form of a brass plaque . Until 1863 Langford Budville was a chapelry of Milverton , and in 1930 Runnington was united with the benefice . The parish is within the Wellington and district benefice which is part of the Tone deanery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Temple_Beth-El_(Bonstelle_Theatre)", "text": "The Bonstelle Theatre is a theater operated by Wayne State University , and located at 3424 Woodward Avenue ( the southeast corner of Woodward and Eliot ) in the Midtown Woodward Historic District of Detroit , Michigan . It was originally built in 1902 as the Temple Beth-El , and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . As of 2019 , the University plans to decommission the theatre and lease it to a private developer for inclusion in a boutique hotel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Automobile", "text": "A car ( or automobile ) is a wheeled motor vehicle used for transportation . Most definitions of cars say that they run primarily on roads , seat one to eight people , have four tires , and mainly transport people rather than goods . Cars came into global use during the 20th century , and developed economies depend on them . The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when German inventor Karl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen . Cars became widely available in the early 20th century . One of the first cars accessible to the masses was the 1908 Model T , an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company . Cars were rapidly adopted in the US , where they replaced animal-drawn carriages and carts , but took much longer to be accepted in Western Europe and other parts of the world . [ citation needed ] Cars have controls for driving , parking , passenger comfort , and a variety of lights . Over the decades , additional features and controls have been added to vehicles , making them progressively more complex , but also more reliable and easier to operate . [ citation needed ] These include rear reversing cameras , air conditioning , navigation systems , and in-car entertainment . Most cars in use in the 2010s are propelled by an internal combustion engine , fueled by the combustion of fossil fuels . Electric cars , which were invented early in the history of the car , became commercially available in the 2000s and are predicted to cost less to buy than gasoline cars before 2025 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A._C._Benson", "text": "Arthur Christopher Benson , FRSL ( 24 April 1862 - 17 June 1925 ) was an English essayist , poet , author and academic and the 28th Master of Magdalene College , Cambridge . He is noted for having written the words of the song Land of Hope and Glory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mont_Blanc", "text": "Mont Blanc ( French : [ mɔ̃ blɑ̃ ] ; Italian : Monte Bianco [ ˈmonte ˈbjaŋko ] ; meaning White Mountain ) is the highest mountain in the Alps and the highest in Europe west of the Caucasus peaks of Russia and Georgia . [ note 2 ] It rises 4,808 m ( 15,774 ft ) above sea level and is ranked 11th in the world in topographic prominence . The mountain stands in a range called the Graian Alps , between the regions of Aosta Valley , Italy , and Savoie and Haute-Savoie , France . The location of the summit is on the watershed line between the valleys of Ferret and Veny in Italy and the valleys of Montjoie , and Arve in France , on the border between the two countries . The Mont Blanc massif is popular for outdoor activities like hiking , climbing , trail running and winter sports like skiing , and snowboarding . The three towns and their communes which surround Mont Blanc are Courmayeur in Aosta Valley , Italy ; and Saint-Gervais-les-Bains and Chamonix in Haute-Savoie , France . The latter town was the site of the first Winter Olympics . A cable car ascends and crosses the mountain range from Courmayeur to Chamonix , through the Col du Géant . The 11.6 km ( 7 1⁄4-mile ) Mont Blanc Tunnel , constructed between 1957 and 1965 , runs beneath the mountain and is a major trans-Alpine transport route ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winton_Motor_Raceway", "text": "Winton Motor Raceway is a motor racing track in Winton , near Benalla , Victoria , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claire_Hallissey", "text": "Claire Hallissey is a British distance runner . She competed for Britain at the 2009 World Half Marathon Championships coming 25th . In 2010 , she ran her first marathon , in New York and in 2011 ran the Chicago Marathon . In 2012 , she finished 11th in the London Marathon . Hallissey was confirmed as a member of the Great Britain squad for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women 's marathon alongside compatriots Paula Radcliffe and Mara Yamauchi . She finished in 57th place in a time of 2:35:39 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WEJT", "text": "WEJT 105.1 FM is a radio station broadcasting a variety hits format , branded as Jack FM . Licensed to Shelbyville , Illinois , the station serves the Decatur , Illinois area , as well as the areas of Taylorville , Illinois and Mattoon , Illinois , and is owned by The Cromwell Group , Inc. of Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.S._Roma", "text": "Associazione Sportiva Roma ( BIT : ASR , LSE : 0MT1 ; Rome Sport Association ) , commonly referred to as Roma ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈroːma ] ) , is an Italian professional football club based in Rome . Founded by a merger in 1927 , Roma have participated in the top-tier of Italian football for all of their existence except for 1951-52 . Roma have won Serie A three times , in 1941-42 , 1982-83 and 2000-01 , as well as winning nine Coppa Italia titles and two Supercoppa Italiana titles . In European competitions , Roma won the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1960-61 and were runners-up in the 1983-84 European Cup and the 1990-91 UEFA Cup . Fifteen players have won the FIFA World Cup while playing at Roma : Ferraris , Guaita and Masetti ( 1934 ) ; Donati , Monzeglio and Serantoni ( 1938 ) ; Bruno Conti ( 1982 ) ; Rudi Voller and Berthold ( 1990 ) ; Aldair ( 1994 ) ; Candela ( 1998 ) ; Cafu ( 2002 ) ; Daniele De Rossi , Simone Perrotta and Francesco Totti ( 2006 ) . Since 1953 , Roma have played their home matches at the Stadio Olimpico , a venue they share with city rivals Lazio . With a capacity of over 72,000 , it is the second-largest of its kind in Italy , with only the San Siro able to seat more . The club plan to move to a new stadium , though this is yet to start construction . The club 's home colours are Tyrian purple and gold , which gives Roma their nickname I Giallorossi ( The Yellow and Reds ) . These colours have often been combined with white shorts . Their club badge features a she-wolf , an allusion to the founding myth of Rome ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hatsukaichi,_Hiroshima", "text": "Hatsukaichi ( 廿日市市 , Hatsukaichi-shi ) is a city of some 120,000 people located in Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . The name derives from a market traditionally held on the 20th of each month with hatsuka ( 廿日 ) meaning 20th day and ichi ( 市 ) translating to market . The market continues to this day on a small scale featuring fresh , locally grown vegetables and foodstuffs . Following the absorption of the nearby towns of Ōno and Miyajima on November 3 , 2005 ( as of September 1 , 2016 ) , Hatsukaichi has a population density of 239.36 persons per km² . The total land area stands at 489.36 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London,_ON", "text": "London is a city in southwestern Ontario , Canada , along the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor . The city had a population of 383,822 according to the 2016 Canadian census . London is at the confluence of the Thames River , approximately 200 km ( 120 mi ) from both Toronto and Detroit ; and about 230 km ( 140 mi ) from Buffalo , New York . The city of London is a separated municipality , politically separate from Middlesex County , though it remains the county seat . London and the Thames were named in 1793 by John Graves Simcoe , who proposed the site for the capital city of Upper Canada . The first European settlement was between 1801 and 1804 by Peter Hagerman . The village was founded in 1826 and incorporated in 1855 . Since then , London has grown to be the largest southwestern Ontario municipality and Canada 's 11th largest metropolitan area , having annexed many of the smaller communities that surrounded it . London is a regional centre of healthcare and education , being home to the University of Western Ontario ( which brands itself Western University ) , Fanshawe College , and several hospitals ( including a University Hospital ) . The city hosts a number of musical and artistic exhibits and festivals , which contribute to its tourism industry , but its economic activity is centred on education , medical research , insurance , and information technology . London 's university and hospitals are among its top ten employers . London lies at the junction of Highway 401 and 402 , connecting it to Toronto , Windsor and Sarnia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Consumer_electronics", "text": "Consumer electronics or home electronics are electronic ( analog or digital ) equipment intended for everyday use , typically in private homes . Consumer electronics include devices used for entertainment ( flatscreen TVs , DVD players , video games , remote control cars , etc . ) , communications ( telephones , cell phones , e-mail-capable laptops , etc . ) , and home-office activities ( e.g. , desktop computers , printers , paper shredders , etc. ) . In British English , they are often called brown goods by producers and sellers , to distinguish them from white goods which are meant for housekeeping tasks , such as washing machines and refrigerators , although nowadays , these would be considered brown goods , some of these being connected to the Internet . [ n 1 ] In the 2010s , this distinction is not always present in large big box consumer electronics stores , which sell both entertainment , communication , and home office devices and kitchen appliances such as refrigerators . Radio broadcasting in the early 20th century brought the first major consumer product , the broadcast receiver . Later products included telephones , televisions and calculators , then audio and video recorders and players , game consoles , personal computers and MP3 players . In the 2010s , consumer electronics stores often sell GPS , automotive electronics ( car stereos ) , video game consoles , electronic musical instruments ( e.g. , synthesizer keyboards ) , karaoke machines , digital cameras , and video players ( VCRs in the 1980s and 1990s , followed by DVD players and Blu-ray disc players ) . Stores also sell smart appliances , digital cameras , camcorders , cell phones , and smartphones . Some of the newer products sold include virtual reality head-mounted display goggles , smart home devices that connect home devices to the Internet and wearable technology . In the 2010s , most consumer electronics have become based on digital technologies , and have largely merged with the computer industry in what is increasingly referred to as the consumerization of information technology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doug_Holcomb", "text": "Douglas Martin Holcomb ( February 9 , 1925 - February 3 , 2008 ) was an American professional basketball player . Holcomb played with the Baltimore Bullets of the Basketball Association of America from 1948 to 1949 . He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin-Madison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polish_Music_Charts", "text": "The Polish music charts are provided by ZPAV , the Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry ( Polish : Związek Producentów Audio-Video ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_Presbyterian_Church_(Racine,_Wisconsin)", "text": "First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 716 College Avenue in Racine , Wisconsin , United States . It was built in 1852 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 . It was designed by Lucas Bradley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cliffs_of_Dover_(song)", "text": "Cliffs of Dover is an instrumental composition by guitarist Eric Johnson which appeared on his 1990 Ah Via Musicom album . The album version of the song is composed in the key of G major , the song was played with a Gibson ES-335 ( as well as a Fender Stratocaster ) through a B. K. Butler Tube Driver and an Echoplex plugged into a 100-watt Marshall amplifier . The song takes its name from the White Cliffs of Dover , an extensive and visually stunning chalk outcrop that runs along the southeast coast of England . It is also featured on the video game Guitar Hero III and is available as DLC for the game Rocksmith 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barcelona_International_Airport", "text": "Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport ( IATA : BCN , ICAO : LEBL ) ( Catalan : Aeroport Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat , Spanish : Aeropuerto Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat ) , previously named Barcelona-El Prat and also known as El Prat Airport , is an international airport located 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) southwest of the centre of Barcelona , lying in the municipalities of El Prat de Llobregat , Viladecans , and Sant Boi , in Catalonia , Spain , Europe . It has been named after a former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia , Josep Tarradellas , since 27 February 2019 . It is the second largest and busiest airport in Spain , and the sixth busiest in Europe . In 2019 , Barcelona Airport handled a record 52,686,314 million passengers , up 5.0% from 2018 . It is a hub for Level and Vueling , and a focus city for Air Europa , Iberia , EasyJet , Norwegian and Ryanair . The Barcelona-Madrid air shuttle service , known as the Puente Aéreo ( in Spanish ) , or Pont Aeri ( in Catalan ) literally Air Bridge , was the world 's busiest route until 2008 , with the highest number of flight operations ( 971 per week ) in 2007 . The schedule has been reduced since February 2008 , when a Madrid-Barcelona high-speed rail line was opened , covering the distance in 2 hours 30 minutes , and quickly became popular ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guadalajara,_Jalisco", "text": "Guadalajara ( /ˌɡwɑːdələˈhɑːrə/ , Spanish : [ ɡwaðalaˈxaɾa ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Jalisco , and the seat of the municipality of Guadalajara . The city is in the central region of Jalisco in the Western-Pacific area of Mexico . With a population of 1,460,148 inhabitants , it is Mexico 's second most populous municipality . The Guadalajara metropolitan area has a reported population of 5,002,466 inhabitants , making it the second most populous metropolitan area in Mexico , behind Mexico City . The municipality is the second most densely populated in Mexico , the first being Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl in the State of Mexico . It is a strong business and economic center in the Bajío region . Guadalajara is the tenth-largest Latin American city in population , urban area and gross domestic product . The city 's economy is based on services and industry , especially information technology , with many international firms having regional offices and manufacturing facilities in the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area , and several domestic IT companies headquartered in the city . Other , more traditional industries , such as shoes , textiles and food processing are also important contributing factors . Guadalajara is a major Mexican cultural center , as it is considered by most to be the home of the famous mariachi genre of music , and plays host to a number of large-scale cultural events such as the Guadalajara International Film Festival , the Guadalajara International Book Fair , and other globally renowned cultural events which draw international crowds . It is home to C.D . Guadalajara , one of the most popular football clubs in Mexico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Secunderabad", "text": "Secunderabad /sɪkəndərˈɑːbɑːd/ ( [ sikŋdɾaːbaːd ] ( listen ) , also spelled sometimes as Sikandarabad ) is the twin city of Hyderabad in the Indian state of Telangana . Named after Sikandar Jah , the third Nizam of the Asaf Jahi dynasty , Secunderabad was established in 1806 as a British cantonment . Although both the cities are together referred to as the twin cities , Hyderabad and Secunderabad have different histories and cultures , with Secunderabad having developed directly under British rule until 1948 , and Hyderabad as the capital of the Nizams ' princely state of Hyderabad . Geographically divided from Hyderabad by the Hussain Sagar lake , Secunderabad is no longer a separate municipal unit and has become part of Hyderabad 's Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC ) . Both cities are collectively known as Hyderabad and together form the fifth-largest metropolis in India . Being one of the largest cantonments in India , Secunderabad has a large presence of army and air force personnel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco_Bay", "text": "San Francisco Bay is a shallow estuary in the US state of California . It is surrounded by a contiguous region known as the San Francisco Bay Area ( often simply the Bay Area ) , and is dominated by the large cities of San Jose , San Francisco and Oakland . San Francisco Bay drains water from approximately 40 percent of California . Water from the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers , and from the Sierra Nevada mountains , flow into Suisun Bay , which then travels through the Carquinez Strait to meet with the Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay , which connects at its south end to San Francisco Bay . It then connects to the Pacific Ocean via the Golden Gate strait . However , this entire group of interconnected bays is often called the San Francisco Bay . The bay was designated a Ramsar Wetland of International Importance on February 2 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Fabulosos_Cadillacs", "text": "Los Fabulosos Cadillacs is an Argentine ska band from Buenos Aires ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waltham_St_Lawrence", "text": "Waltham St Lawrence is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Berkshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mill_End,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Hambleden is a small village and civil parish within Wycombe district in the south of Buckinghamshire , England . It is about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Marlow , and about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north east of Henley-on-Thames in Oxfordshire . The civil parish also includes the villages of Fingest and Frieth , and the hamlets of Colstrope , Mill End , Parmoor , Pheasant 's Hill and Skirmett ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tatyana_Lysenko", "text": "Tatyana Viktorovna Lysenko ( Russian : Татьяна Викторовна Лысенко , born October 9 , 1983 in Bataysk ) is a Russian hammer thrower . A two-time World Champion , her career has been blighted by repeated doping infractions . In February 2019 , the Court of Arbitration for Sport handed her an eight-year ban for doping , starting from 2 July 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eisner_Award", "text": "The Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards , commonly shortened to the Eisner Awards , are prizes given for creative achievement in American comic books , sometimes referred to as the comics industry 's equivalent of the Academy Awards . They are named in honor of the pioneering writer and artist Will Eisner , who was a regular participant in the award ceremony until his death in 2005 . The Eisner Awards include the Comic Industry 's Hall of Fame . The nominations in each category are generated by a five- to a six-member jury , then voted on by comic book professionals and presented at the annual San Diego Comic-Con held in July , usually on Friday night . The jury often consists of at least one comics retailer , one librarian ( since 2005 ) , and one academic researcher , among other comics experts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greece", "text": "Greece ( Greek : Ελλάδα ) , officially the Hellenic Republic ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ) , historically also known as Hellas , is a country located in Southeast Europe . Its population is approximately 10.7 million as of 2018 ; Athens , the nation 's capital , is its largest city , followed by Thessaloniki . Situated on the southern tip of the Balkan Peninsula , Greece is located at the crossroads of Europe , Asia , and Africa . It shares land borders with Albania to the northwest , North Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north , and Turkey to the northeast . The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland , the Ionian Sea to the west , the Cretan Sea and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Greece has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean Basin and the 11th longest coastline in the world at 13,676 km ( 8,498 mi ) in length , featuring many islands , of which 227 are inhabited . Eighty percent of Greece is mountainous , with Mount Olympus being the highest peak at 2,918 metres ( 9,573 ft ) . The country consists of nine traditional geographic regions : Macedonia , Central Greece , the Peloponnese , Thessaly , Epirus , the Aegean Islands ( including the Dodecanese and Cyclades ) , Thrace , Crete , and the Ionian Islands . Greece is considered the cradle of Western civilisation , being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , Western literature , historiography , political science , major scientific and mathematical principles , Western drama and the Olympic Games . From the eighth century B.C. , the Greeks were organised into various independent city-states , known as poleis ( singular polis ) , which spanned the entire Mediterranean region and the Black Sea . Philip of Macedon united most of the Greek mainland in the fourth century BC , with his son Alexander the Great rapidly conquering much of the ancient world , from the eastern Mediterranean to India . Greece was annexed by Rome in the second century B.C. , becoming an integral part of the Roman Empire and its successor , the Byzantine Empire , which adopted the Greek language and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Ferry_Avenue_Historic_District", "text": "The East Ferry Avenue Historic District is a historic residential district in Midtown Detroit , Michigan . The nationally designated historic district stretches two blocks from Woodward Avenue east to Brush Street ; the locally designated historic district includes a third block between Brush and Beaubien . The district includes the separately designated Col. Frank J. Hecker House and the Charles Lang Freer House . It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . The Inn on Ferry Street is a member of Historic Hotels of America , the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/This_Happy_Breed", "text": "This Happy Breed is a play by Noël Coward . It was written in 1939 but , because of the outbreak of World War II , it was not staged until 1942 , when it was performed on alternating nights with another Coward play , Present Laughter . The two plays later alternated with Coward 's Blithe Spirit . The title , a reference to the English people , is a phrase from John of Gaunt 's monologue in Act II , Scene 1 of William Shakespeare 's Richard II . The story of the play concerns the working class Gibbons family between the end of World War I and the outbreak of World War II . It anticipates the non-violent ways in which social justice issues might be incorporated into post-war national reconstruction , examines the personal trauma caused by the sudden death of sons and daughters and anticipates the forthcoming return of English men from the war . It is also an intimate portrait of the economy and politics of Great Britain in the 1920s and 1930s ( such as the General Strike of 1926 ) , as well as showing the advances in technology - the arrival of primitive crystal radio sets and telephones , home gas lights being replaced by electricity and mass broadcast radio . This Happy Breed is one of a very few Coward plays to deal entirely with domestic events outside an upper class or upper middle class setting . A number of scenes are reminiscent of previous Coward works , such as Cavalcade ( 1931 ) or the short play Fumed Oak from Tonight at 8.30 ( 1936 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cheslor_Cuthbert", "text": "Cheslor Jesly Cuthbert ( /ˈtʃɛslɔːr ˈkʌθbərt/ ; born November 16 , 1992 ) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball third baseman in the Chicago White Sox organization . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Kansas City Royals . Cuthbert was born and raised on Corn Island , Nicaragua , where his mother is from . His father is from the town of Pearl Lagoon , Nicaragua ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barzowice", "text": "Barzowice [ baʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ] ( German : Barzwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north-western Poland . It lies approximately 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) north-east of Darłowo , 18 km ( 11 mi ) north-west of Sławno , and 173 km ( 107 mi ) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin . For the history of the region , see History of Pomerania . The village has a population of 278 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grand_Canyon_National_Park", "text": "Grand Canyon National Park , located in northwestern Arizona , is the 15th site in the United States to have been named a national park . The park 's central feature is the Grand Canyon , a gorge of the Colorado River , which is often considered one of the Wonders of the World . The park , which covers 1,217,262 acres ( 1,901.972 sq mi ; 4,926.08 km2 ) of unincorporated area in Coconino and Mohave counties , received more than six million recreational visitors in 2017 , which is the second highest count of all American national parks after Great Smoky Mountains National Park . The Grand Canyon was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1979 . The park celebrated its 100th anniversary on February 26 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California", "text": "California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles ( 423,970 km2 ) , California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area . The state capital is Sacramento . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions , with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second-most populous , after New York City . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County . The City and County of San Francisco is both the country 's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . California 's economy , with a gross state product of $ 3.0 trillion , is the largest sub-national economy in the world . If it were a country , California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world ( larger than the United Kingdom , France , or India ) , and the 36th-most populous as of 2017 [ update ] . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and third-largest urban economies ( $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.0 trillion respectively as of 2018 [ update ] ) , after the New York metropolitan area . The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation 's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ( $ 106,757 ) among large primary statistical areas , and is home to three of the world 's ten largest companies by market capitalization and three of the world 's ten richest people . California culture is considered a global trendsetter in popular culture , communication , information , innovation , environmentalism , economics , politics , and entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Discovery_Family", "text": "Discovery Family is an American family-oriented specialty television channel owned by Discovery , Inc. and Hasbro . The network was first launched on October 7 , 1996 as Discovery Kids Channel , a spin-off of Discovery Channel that featured science , nature and adventure-themed programs aimed towards pre-teens . In April 2009 , Hasbro announced a joint venture with Discovery , Inc. to relaunch Discovery Kids as The Hub ( later Hub Network ) on October 10 , 2010 ; Hasbro handled programming while Discovery handled distribution and advertising sales . The Hub was intended to be a general , youth-oriented network with a diverse lineup , primarily featuring programming adapted from Hasbro franchises ( such as Transformers , its board games , My Little Pony , Pound Puppies , and Littlest Pet Shop ) along with other family-oriented programs such as sitcom reruns and films . On September 25 , 2014 , following reports earlier in the year that Hub Network president Margaret Loesch would step down by the end of the year , Discovery acquired 10% of Hasbro 's stake in the network , and replaced Loesch with Henry Schleiff , who leads sister networks such as Destination America and Investigation Discovery . On October 13 , 2014 , Hub Network was re-branded as Discovery Family to which Hasbro remains a minority partner and programs the network 's daytime lineup with children 's programs carried over from Hub Network , while its prime-time lineup was replaced with reruns of non-fiction programs from Discovery Channel 's library , including science and nature programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_Boy", "text": "Little Boy was the codename for the type of atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II . It was the first nuclear weapon used in warfare . The bomb was dropped by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress Enola Gay piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Jr. , commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces and Captain Robert A. Lewis . It exploded with an energy of approximately 15 kilotons of TNT ( 63 TJ ) and caused widespread death and destruction throughout the city . The Hiroshima bombing was the second man-made nuclear explosion in history , after the Trinity test . Little Boy was developed by Lieutenant Commander Francis Birch 's group at the Manhattan Project 's Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II , a development of the unsuccessful Thin Man nuclear bomb . Like Thin Man , it was a gun-type fission weapon , but it derived its explosive power from the nuclear fission of uranium-235 , whereas Thin Man was based on fission of plutonium-239 . Fission was accomplished by shooting a hollow cylinder of enriched uranium ( the bullet ) onto a solid cylinder of the same material ( the target ) by means of a charge of nitrocellulose propellant powder . It contained 64 kg ( 141 lb ) of enriched uranium , although less than a kilogram underwent nuclear fission . Its components were fabricated at three different plants so that no one would have a copy of the complete design . After the war ended , it was not expected that the inefficient Little Boy design would ever again be required , and many plans and diagrams were destroyed . However , by mid-1946 , the Hanford Site reactors began suffering badly from the Wigner effect , the dislocation of atoms in a solid caused by neutron radiation , and plutonium became scarce , so six Little Boy assemblies were produced at Sandia Base ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brünigbahn", "text": "The Brünig railway line ( German : Brünigbahn ) is a Swiss narrow gauge railway line that links Lucerne , in central Switzerland , with Interlaken , in the Bernese Oberland . The line runs via Alpnachstad , Giswil , Meiringen and Brienz , and passes over the Brünig Pass , using sections of rack railway to overcome the gradients , but with most of the line operated by normal adhesion methods . The line is 74 kilometres ( 46 mi ) long . It opened in stages between 1888 and 1916 , and was , between 1903 and 2004 , the only narrow gauge line of the Swiss Federal Railways . Today the line forms part , along with the Luzern-Stans-Engelberg line , of the Zentralbahn company . The line is served by InterRegio trains that operate the full length of the line , with regular ( non-rack ) Regio trains between Interlaken and Meiringen , and Lucerne S-Bahn trains between Lucerne and Giswil . The section between Hergiswil and Lucerne is shared with the Luzern-Stans-Engelberg line ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kristen_Bell", "text": "Kristen Anne Bell ( born July 18 , 1980 ) is an American actress and singer . She began her professional acting career by starring in stage productions while attending the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University . In 2001 , she made her Broadway debut as Becky Thatcher in the comedy musical The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and starred in the Broadway revival of The Crucible the following year . In 2004 , she appeared in the action thriller film Spartan and received critical praise for her performance in the television drama film Gracie 's Choice . Bell garnered critical acclaim for her first major role as the title character in the teen noir drama television series Veronica Mars ( 2004-2007 ) . For her performance , she was awarded a Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television . She reprised the eponymous role in the 2014 film continuation and the 2019 revival series . During her time on Veronica Mars , Bell starred as Mary Lane in the musical film Reefer Madness : The Movie Musical ( 2005 ) , a reprise of the role she had played in the New York musical upon which the film was based . From 2007 to 2008 , Bell starred as Elle Bishop in the science fiction drama series Heroes . From 2007 to 2012 , she voiced the titular narrator in the teen drama series Gossip Girl . In 2008 , she had her breakout film role as the title character in Forgetting Sarah Marshall . She has since appeared in a number of comedy films , including Couples Retreat ( 2009 ) , When in Rome ( 2010 ) , You Again ( 2010 ) , The Boss ( 2016 ) , Bad Moms ( 2016 ) , and A Bad Moms Christmas ( 2017 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ötztal_Alps", "text": "The Ötztal Alps ( Italian : Alpi Venoste , German : Ötztaler Alpen ) are a mountain range in the Central Eastern Alps , in the State of Tyrol in southern Austria and the Province of South Tyrol in northern Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Secretary_of_State_for_Work_and_Pensions", "text": "Her Majesty 's Principal Secretary of State for Work and Pensions , or informally Work and Pensions Secretary is a post in the British Cabinet , responsible for the Department for Work and Pensions . It was created on 8 June 2001 by the merger of the Employment division of the Department for Education and Employment and the Department of Social Security . The Ministry of Pensions was created in 1916 to handle the payment of war pensions to former members of the Armed Forces and their dependants . In 1944 a separate Ministry of National Insurance ( titled the Ministry of Social Insurance until 17 November 1944 ) was formed ; the two merged in 1953 as the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance . In 1966 the Ministry was renamed the Ministry of Social Security , but this was short-lived , as the Ministry merged with the Ministry of Health in 1968 to form the Department of Health and Social Security . Confusingly , the Secretary of State responsible for this Department was titled the Secretary of State for Social Services . The Department was de-merged in 1988 , creating the separate Department of Health and Department of Social Security ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tommy_Flanagan", "text": "Thomas Lee Flanagan ( March 16 , 1930 - November 16 , 2001 ) was an American jazz pianist and composer . He grew up in Detroit , initially influenced by such pianists as Art Tatum , Teddy Wilson , and Nat King Cole , and then by the newer bebop musicians . Within months of moving to New York in 1956 , he had recorded with Miles Davis and on Sonny Rollins ' landmark Saxophone Colossus . Recordings under various leaders , including the historically important Giant Steps of John Coltrane , and The Incredible Jazz Guitar of Wes Montgomery , continued well into 1962 , when he became vocalist Ella Fitzgerald 's full-time accompanist . He worked with Fitzgerald for three years until 1965 , and then in 1968 returned to be her pianist and musical director , this time for a decade . After leaving Fitzgerald in 1978 , Flanagan then attracted praise for the elegance of his playing , which was principally in trio settings when under his own leadership . In his 45-year recording career , he recorded more than three dozen albums under his own name and more than 200 as a sideman . By the time of his death , he was one of the most widely admired jazz pianists and had influenced both his contemporaries and later generations of players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Danish_language", "text": "Danish ( /ˈdeɪnɪʃ/ ( listen ) ; dansk pronounced [ ˈtænˀsk ] ( listen ) , dansk sprog [ ˈtænˀsk ˈspʁɔu̯ˀ ] ) is a North Germanic language spoken by around six million people , principally in Denmark , Greenland and in the region of Southern Schleswig in northern Germany , where it has minority language status . Also , minor Danish-speaking communities are found in Norway , Sweden , Spain , the United States , Canada , Brazil , and Argentina . Due to immigration and language shift in urban areas , around 15-20% of the population of Greenland speak Danish as their first language . Along with the other North Germanic languages , Danish is a descendant of Old Norse , the common language of the Germanic peoples who lived in Scandinavia during the Viking Era . Danish , together with Swedish , derives from the East Norse dialect group , while the Middle Norwegian language before the influence of Danish and Norwegian Bokmål are classified as West Norse along with Faroese and Icelandic . A more recent classification based on mutual intelligibility separates modern spoken Danish , Norwegian , and Swedish as mainland Scandinavian , while Icelandic and Faroese are classified as insular Scandinavian . Until the 16th century , Danish was a continuum of dialects spoken from Schleswig to Scania with no standard variety or spelling conventions . With the Protestant Reformation and the introduction of printing , a standard language was developed which was based on the educated Copenhagen dialect . It spread through use in the education system and administration , though German and Latin continued to be the most important written languages well into the 17th century . Following the loss of territory to Germany and Sweden , a nationalist movement adopted the language as a token of Danish identity , and the language experienced a strong surge in use and popularity , with major works of literature produced in the 18th and 19th centuries . Today , traditional Danish dialects have all but disappeared , though regional variants of the standard language exist . The main differences in language are between generations , with youth language being particularly innovative ."}
{"title": "/wiki/College_of_Charleston_Cougars", "text": "The Charleston Cougars are the varsity intercollegiate athletic teams representing the College of Charleston in Charleston , South Carolina . The Cougars compete in NCAA Division I and are currently members of the Colonial Athletic Association . The university sponsors 20 varsity sports teams including men and women 's basketball , cross country , golf , soccer and tennis ; women's-only dance team , equestrian , beach volleyball , softball , track and field and volleyball ; men's-only baseball ; and co-ed sailing and cheerleading . The university 's most successful sports are co-ed sailing , which has won 14 national championships since 1986 , women 's volleyball , which has qualified for the NCAA Tournament seven times since 2002 and men 's baseball , which has qualified for the NCAA Tournament seven times since 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1968_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's Downhill competition of the Grenoble 1968 Olympics was held at Chamrousse on Saturday , 10 February . The defending world champion was Marielle Goitschel of France , who was also the defending World Cup downhill champion and Austria 's Olga Pall led the current season . Christl Haas of Austria was the defending Olympic champion . Pall won the gold medal , Isabelle Mir of France took the silver , and Haas was the bronze medalist . The starting gate was at an elevation of 2,252 m ( 7,388 ft ) , and the vertical drop was 602 m ( 1,975 ft ) . The course length was 2.160 km ( 1.34 mi ) and Pall 's winning time of 100.87 seconds resulted in an average speed of 77.089 km/h ( 47.9 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 5.968 m/s ( 19.6 ft/s ) . About an hour before the race , eighteen-year-old American Karen Budge was testing her wax on the practice course and narrowly avoided a full collision with a member of the Moroccan men 's team , Said Housni , who had been warned once before to stay off the hill . She fell , suffered a dislocated shoulder , and did not start ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tight_end", "text": "The tight end ( TE ) is a position in American football , arena football , and formerly Canadian football , on the offense . The tight end is often seen as a hybrid position with the characteristics and roles of both an offensive lineman and a wide receiver . Like offensive linemen , they are usually lined up on the offensive line and are large enough to be effective blockers . On the other hand , unlike offensive linemen , they are eligible receivers adept enough to warrant a defense 's attention when running pass patterns . Because of the hybrid nature of the position , the tight end 's role in any given offense depends on the tactical preferences and philosophy of the head coach . In some systems , the tight end will merely act as a sixth offensive lineman , rarely going out for passes . Other systems use the tight end primarily as a receiver , frequently taking advantage of the tight end 's size to create mismatches in the defensive secondary . Many coaches will often have one tight end who specializes in blocking on running plays while using a tight end with better pass-catching skills in obvious passing situations . Offensive formations may have as few as zero or as many as three tight ends at one time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zsolt_Baumgartner", "text": "Zsolt Baumgartner ( born 1 January 1981 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian former racing driver who raced for the Jordan and Minardi teams in Formula One . He remains the only Hungarian driver to have competed in Formula One ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dondo,_Angola", "text": "Dondo is a town , with a population of 64,643 ( 2014 ) , and a commune in the municipality of Cambambe , province of Cuanza Norte , Angola ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_Spiders", "text": "The Cleveland Spiders were a Major League Baseball team that played between 1887 and 1899 in Cleveland , Ohio . The team played at National League Park from 1889 to 1890 and at League Park from 1891 to 1899 , when they were disbanded , along with three other teams , after a travesty of a season with a horrific record of 20-134 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Extreme_points_of_Earth", "text": "This is a list of extreme points of Earth , the geographical locations that are farther north or south than , higher or lower in elevation than , or farthest inland or out to sea from , any other locations on the landmasses , continents or countries . For other lists of extreme points on Earth , including places that hold temperature and weather records , see Extremes on Earth , Lists of extreme points , and List of weather records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sociedade_Esportiva_Palmeiras", "text": "Palmeiras ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ pawˈmejɾɐs ] ) is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of São Paulo . Founded on 26 August 1914 , as Palestra Italia ( pronounced [ paˌlɛstɾiˈtaliɐ ] ) , but changed to the current name on 14 September 14 , 1942 . It is a popular and successful Brazilian club , with around 18 million supporters and 126,000 affiliated fans , including many Brazilians of Italian ancestry . Despite being primarily an association football team , Palmeiras competes in a number of different sports , most notably football . The football team plays in the Campeonato Paulista , the state of São Paulo 's premier state league , as well as in the Brasileirão Série A , the top tier of the Brazilian football league system . Palmeiras have won 14 national competitions , making it the most successful club inside Brazil . The club 's most important titles are the 1951 Copa Rio international tournament , 1999 Copa Libertadores , 10 Brazilian National League titles ( Campeonato Brasileiro Série A ) , 2 Brasileirão Série B , 3 Brazil Cups ( Copa do Brasil ) , 1 Champions Cup ( Copa dos Campeões ) and the 1998 Copa Mercosul , as well as 5 Interstate titles ( Torneio Rio - São Paulo ) , and 22 State Championship titles ( Campeonato Paulista ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beverly_Hills_Supper_Club_fire", "text": "The Beverly Hills Supper Club fire in Southgate , Kentucky , is the third deadliest nightclub fire in U.S. history . It occurred on the night of May 28 , 1977 , during the Memorial Day holiday weekend . A total of 165 people died and more than 200 were injured as a result of the blaze ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saltash_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Saltash , sometimes called Essa , was a rotten borough in Cornwall which returned two Members of Parliament to the House of Commons in the English and later British Parliament from 1552 to 1832 , when it was abolished by the Great Reform Act ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Jaish_SC_(Syria)", "text": "Al-Jaish Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الجيش الرياضي ) is a football club based in Damascus , Syria , founded in 1947 . The club plays in the Abbasiyyin Stadium . The team colors are red and white ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khalid_Jamil", "text": "Khalid Ahmed Jamil ( born 21 April 1977 ) is an Indian association football manager and former player , who made Forty seven appearances for the India national football team . He is currently the Head of Academy of NorthEast United FC . Jamil played for three clubs in India in a 12-year playing career . He subsequently went into football management . Khalid holds AFC Pro Coaching License ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MundoFox", "text": "MundoMax ( Spanish pronunciation : [ munˈdomaks ] ; originally known as MundoFox from August 13 , 2012 to July 28 , 2015 ) was an American Spanish-language terrestrial television network that was owned by RCN Televisión . The network broadcast programs aimed at Hispanic and Latino American audiences throughout the United States - featuring a mix of telenovelas and other serialized dramas , reality television series , game shows , and feature films ( both Spanish-dubbed versions of American films and imported films produced in Spanish-speaking countries ) . Headquartered in Los Angeles , MundoMax had been headed since its inception in its pre-July 2015 existence as a joint venture between RCN and U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group ( which originally operated the network through its Fox International Channels division ) by network president Jose Molina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012–13_Iraqi_Premier_League", "text": "The 2012-13 Iraqi Elite League was the 39th season of the competition since its establishment in 1974 . The season began on 19 October 2012 and finished on 4 September 2013 . Al-Shorta ended up as the champions with 72 points , two points ahead of nearest rivals Erbil . Al-Shorta were defeated only twice in the entire season and this was their fourth Premier League title ; it was also the first time they had won the league since 2003 . Having finished above the relegation zone on goal difference just two seasons prior , Al-Shorta had undergone a transformation under the presidency of Ayad Bunyan and were able to outperform favourites Erbil , Duhok , Zakho , Al-Zawraa , Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya and Al-Talaba . On the very last day of the season , three teams were all still in the enthralling race for the title . Al-Shorta needed a win against Al-Talaba to secure the league , whilst Erbil had to defeat Al-Najaf and hope that Al-Shorta failed to win their game if they wanted to retain their title . Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya needed both Al-Shorta and Erbil to slip up and needed to defeat Masafi Al-Wasat by a big goal-margin in order for them to go home with the trophy . All three teams ended up winning their respective matches , making Al-Shorta the champions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beyond_All_Boundaries", "text": "Beyond All Boundaries is a 2009 short film depicting the battles of World War II . The film is shown in 4-D , and includes archive footage and special effects . The short , produced and narrated by Tom Hanks and directed by David Briggs , was released 9 November 2009 and is shown solely in The National World War II Museum , New Orleans . It was designed purely for the Solomon Victory Theater within the museum , and is only shown in this one location . Solomon Victory Theater makes use of vibrating seats and atmospheric effects to enhance the viewing experience . In addition there are also moving props and scenery , lighting and sound effects and a multi-layered projection process . The film makes use of the writings and documented accounts of World War II veterans . In 2011 , Beyond All Boundaries received a Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement from the Themed Entertainment Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vero_Beach,_Florida", "text": "Vero Beach is a city in and the seat of Indian River County , Florida , United States . According to the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2010 data , the city had a population of 15,220 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PBS-HD", "text": "PBS Satellite Service ( Also known as PBS National or simply PBS Satellite . Formerly known as PBS Schedule X in Eastern Time , with the west coast delay signal designated PBS-XD ) are feeds relayed from PBS by satellite . The service provides a mixed variety of programming selected from PBS 's regular network services . In the X/XD years a satellite feed was multicast by some PBS member stations on an over-the-air DTV subchannel along with their regular programming , or during overnight hours on their main channel to provide a second opportunity for viewers to watch or record primetime programming . As of 2018 , the PBS satellite feeds can be received unscrambled using a free-to-air satellite receiver set to these coordinates :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Mann_(American_football)", "text": "Robert Mann ( April 8 , 1924 - October 21 , 2006 ) was an American football end who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) . A native of New Bern , North Carolina , Mann played college football at Hampton Institute in 1942 and 1943 and at the University of Michigan in 1944 , 1946 and 1947 . He broke the Big Ten Conference record for receiving yardage in 1946 and again in 1947 . Mann later played professional football in the NFL for the Detroit Lions ( 1948-1949 ) and Green Bay Packers ( 1950-1954 ) . He was the first African American player for both teams . Mann led the NFL in receiving yardage ( 1,014 yards ) and yards per reception ( 15.4 ) in 1949 . Mann was asked to take a pay cut after the 1949 season and became a hold out when the Lions opened practice in July 1950 . He was traded to the New York Yankees in August 1950 and released three weeks later . Mann charged that he had been railroaded out of professional football for refusing to take a pay cut . He signed with the Green Bay Packers near the end of the 1950 NFL season and was the Packers ' leading receiver in 1951 . He remained with the Packers through the 1954 season . After his football career , Mann became a lawyer and practiced law in Detroit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_football", "text": "American football , referred to as football in the United States and Canada and also known as gridiron , [ nb 1 ] is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end . The offense , the team with possession of the oval-shaped football , attempts to advance down the field by running with the ball or passing it , while the defense , the team without possession of the ball , aims to stop the offense 's advance and to take control of the ball for themselves . The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs or plays ; if they fail , they turn over the football to the defense , but if they succeed , they are given a new set of four downs to continue the drive . Points are scored primarily by advancing the ball into the opposing team 's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent 's goalposts for a field goal . The team with the most points at the end of a game wins . American football evolved in the United States , originating from the sports of soccer and rugby . The first American football match was played on November 6 , 1869 , between two college teams , Rutgers and Princeton , using rules based on the rules of soccer at the time . A set of rule changes drawn up from 1880 onward by Walter Camp , the Father of American Football , established the snap , the line of scrimmage , eleven-player teams , and the concept of downs . Later rule changes legalized the forward pass , created the neutral zone and specified the size and shape of the football . The sport is closely related to Canadian football , which evolved in parallel with and at the same time as the American game ( although their rules were developed independently from that of Camp 's ) . Most of the features that distinguish American football from rugby and soccer are also present in Canadian football . The two sports are considered the primary variants of gridiron football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Earl_of_Kellie", "text": "The title Earl of Kellie or Kelly is a title in the Peerage of Scotland , created in 1619 for Sir Thomas Erskine , who was Captain of the Guard and Groom of the Stool for James VI . It is named after Barony of Kellie in Fife , Scotland . Since 1875 , it has been held jointly with the Earldom of Mar ( 1565 creation ) . The family seat is Hilton Farm , near Alloa , Clackmannanshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christian_Dietrich_Grabbe", "text": "Christian Dietrich Grabbe ( 11 December 1801 - 12 September 1836 ) was a German dramatist of the Vormärz era . He wrote many historical plays conceiving a disillusioned and pessimistic world view , with some shrill scenes . Heinrich Heine saw him as one of Germany 's foremost dramatists , calling him a drunken Shakespeare and Sigmund Freud described Grabbe as an original and rather peculiar poet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ali_Ezzine", "text": "Ali Ezzine ( Arabic : علي الزين ; born September 3 , 1978 in Ain Taoujdate , Morocco ) is a Moroccan athlete who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase . He won the bronze medal in this event at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney , Australia . He first came to prominence with a bronze medal in the steeplechase at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics , also held in Sydney . His first senior medal came at the 1998 IAAF World Cross Country Championships , where his twelfth-place finish helped the Moroccan men to the team silver medal . He had his first individual global success at the World Championships in Athletics . At the 1999 World Championships he won the bronze medal in the men 's steeplechase . He also won the bronze at the 1999 IAAF Grand Prix Final . Two years later , after his Olympic medal performance , he attended the 2001 World Championships and improved to the silver medal . He returned to the Olympic stage at the 2004 Athens Olympics , but he did not reach the podium on that occasion , finishing in eighth in the final . In 1999 he achieved the fastest ever time in the steeplechase for a non-Kenyan athlete ( 8:03.57 ) . This mark has since been surpassed by several other non-Kenyans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I've_Heard_That_Song_Before", "text": "I 've Heard That Song Before is a 1942 popular song about nostalgia with music by Jule Styne and lyrics by Sammy Cahn . It was introduced by Martha O'Driscoll ( dubbed by Margaret Whiting ) in the 1942 film Youth on Parade . The song was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1942 but lost out to White Christmas . It was recorded by Harry James and his Orchestra with Helen Forrest on vocal on July 31 , 1942 . This was the last day of recording before the Musician Union 's ban . The recording was issued on Columbia 36668 and became a number one hit on both the pop charts and the Harlem Hit Parade in the US in early 1943 . This version of the song can be heard in Woody Allen 's 1986 movie Hannah and Her Sisters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Habesh_Eyalet", "text": "Habesh Eyalet ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت حبش , Eyālet-i Ḥabeş ) was an Ottoman eyalet . It was also known as the Eyalet of Jeddah and Habesh , as Jeddah was its chief town , and Habesh and Hejaz . It extended on the areas of coastal Hejaz and Northeast Africa that border the Red Sea basin . On the Northeast Africa littoral , the eyalet comprised Massawa , Hirgigo , Suakin and their hinterlands . Like Ottoman control in North Africa , Yemen , Bahrain , and Lahsa , the Ottomans had no effective , long term control outside of the ports where there was a direct Ottoman presence and garrison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bovey_Tracey", "text": "Bovey Tracey ( /ˌbʌvi ˈtreɪsi/ ) is a small town and civil parish in Devon , England , on the edge of Dartmoor , its proximity to which gives rise to the slogan used on the town 's boundary signs , The Gateway to the Moor . It is often known locally as Bovey . It is about 10 miles south-west of Exeter and lies on the A382 road , about halfway between Newton Abbot and Moretonhampstead . The village is at the centre of the electoral ward of Bovey . At the 2011 census the population of this ward was 7,721 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorf's_Golf_Bible", "text": "Dorf 's Golf Bible is a 1988 comedy film starring Tim Conway , Eddie Deezen and Michele Smith along with a special appearance by Sam Snead ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paddy_field", "text": "A paddy field is a flooded parcel of arable land used for growing semiaquatic crops , most notably rice and taro . It originates from the Neolithic rice-farming cultures of the Yangtze River basin in southern China , associated with pre-Austronesian and Hmong-Mien cultures . It was spread in prehistoric times by the Austronesian expansion to Island Southeast Asia , Madagascar , Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia . The technology was also acquired by other cultures in mainland Asia for rice farming , spreading to East Asia , Mainland Southeast Asia , and South Asia . Fields can be built into steep hillsides as terraces and adjacent to depressed or steeply sloped features such as rivers or marshes . They can require a great deal of labor and materials to create , and need large quantities of water for irrigation . Oxen and water buffalo , adapted for life in wetlands , are important working animals used extensively in paddy field farming . Paddy-field farming remains the dominant form of growing rice in modern times . It is practiced extensively in Bangladesh , Cambodia , China , India , Indonesia , Iran , Japan , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , Nepal , North Korea , Pakistan , the Philippines , South Korea , Sri Lanka , Thailand , Taiwan , and Vietnam . It has also been introduced elsewhere since the colonial era , notably in Northern Italy , the Camargue in France , and in Spain , particularly in the Albufera de València wetlands in the Valencian Community , the Ebro Delta in Catalonia and the Guadalquivir wetlands in Andalusia , as well as along the eastern coast of Brazil , the Artibonite Valley in Haiti , and Sacramento Valley in California , among other places . Paddy fields are a major source of atmospheric methane and have been estimated to contribute in the range of 50 to 100 million tonnes of the gas per annum . Studies have shown that this can be significantly reduced while also boosting crop yield by draining the paddies to allow the soil to aerate to interrupt methane production ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deon_Thompson", "text": "Deon Marshall Thompson ( born September 16 , 1988 ) is an American-Ivorian professional basketball player for Unicaja of the Liga ACB and the Eurocup . He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels . Standing at the 2.04 m ( 6 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) , he plays the power forward position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1964_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's downhill competition of the Innsbruck 1964 Olympics was held at Axamer Lizum on Thursday , 6 February . The defending world champion was Christl Haas of Austria ; she won the event and led a sweep of the medals for the home country , as Edith Zimmermann took the silver . Traudl Hecher also won the bronze medal in the 1960 downhill at age 16 : her daughter Elisabeth Görgl won the same medal in the same event in 2010 . The starting gate was at an elevation of 2,310 m ( 7,579 ft ) , and the vertical drop was 705 m ( 2,313 ft ) . The course length was 2.510 km ( 1.56 mi ) and Haas ' winning run of 115.39 seconds resulted in an average speed of 78.308 km/h ( 48.7 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 6.110 m/s ( 20.0 ft/s ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blank_Realm", "text": "Blank Realm is an experimental rock group from Brisbane Australia active since 2005 . The group is composed of sibling members Daniel , Luke and Sarah Spencer and guitarist Luke Walsh . They were described by the Guardian as having ' a sound drawn from krautrock , New Yorks no wave , New Zealands entire Flying Nun roster , and those closer to home , like the Go-Betweens. ' . The group uses traditional song structures , but adds element of improvisation , particularly during live performances Their 2014 album Grassed Inn was shortlisted for the Australian Music Prize ( AMP ) . In 2015 the band 's first studio- recorded album Illegals in Heaven won best album at the Queensland Music Awards . The song 'Palace of Love ' was the most played track on Double J digital radio that year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Rio de Janeiro ( /ˈriːoʊ di ʒəˈnɛəroʊ , - deɪ - , - də -/ ; Portuguese : [ ˈhi.u d ( ʒi ) ʒɐˈne ( j ) ɾu ] ( listen ) ; River of January ) , or simply Rio , is anchor to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area and the second-most populous municipality in Brazil and the sixth-most populous in the Americas . Rio de Janeiro is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil 's third-most populous state . Part of the city has been designated as a World Heritage Site , named Rio de Janeiro : Carioca Landscapes between the Mountain and the Sea , by UNESCO on 1 July 2012 as a Cultural Landscape . Founded in 1565 by the Portuguese , the city was initially the seat of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro , a domain of the Portuguese Empire . Later , in 1763 , it became the capital of the State of Brazil , a state of the Portuguese Empire . In 1808 , when the Portuguese Royal Court transferred itself from Portugal to Brazil , Rio de Janeiro became the chosen seat of the court of Queen Maria I of Portugal , who subsequently , in 1815 , under the leadership of her son , the Prince Regent , and future King João VI of Portugal , raised Brazil to the dignity of a kingdom , within the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil , and Algarves . Rio stayed the capital of the pluricontinental Lusitanian monarchy until 1822 , when the War of Brazilian Independence began . This is one of the few instances in history that the capital of a colonising country officially shifted to a city in one of its colonies . Rio de Janeiro subsequently served as the capital of the independent monarchy , the Empire of Brazil , until 1889 , and then the capital of a republican Brazil until 1960 when the capital was transferred to Brasília . Rio de Janeiro has the second largest municipal GDP in the country , and 30th largest in the world in 2008 , estimated at about R $ 343 billion ( nearly US $ 201 billion ) . It is headquarters to Brazilian oil , mining , and telecommunications companies , including two of the country 's major corporations - Petrobras and Vale - and Latin America 's largest telemedia conglomerate , Grupo Globo . The home of many universities and institutes , it is the second-largest center of research and development in Brazil , accounting for 17% of national scientific output according to 2005 data ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classic_hits", "text": "Classic hits is a radio format which generally includes songs from the top 40 music charts from the mid-1970s to the early 1990s , with music from the 1980s serving as the core of the format . Music that was popularized by MTV in the early 1980s and the nostalgia behind it is a major driver to the format . It is considered the successor to the oldies format , a collection of top 40 songs from the late 1950s through the late 1970s that was once extremely popular in the United States . The term is sometimes incorrectly used as a synonym for the adult hits format , which uses a slightly newer music library stretching from all decades to the present with a major focus on 1990s and 2000s rock and alternative songs . In addition , adult hits stations tend to have larger playlists , playing a given song only a few times per week , compared to the tighter libraries on classic hits stations . For example , KRTH , a classic hits station in Los Angeles , plays power songs up to 30 times a week , which is another differentiator compared to other formats that share songs with classic hits libraries . The classic hits format has become extremely popular in the last few years with stations like KRTH , WCBS-FM in New York , and WLS-FM in Chicago having successful ratings with this model . Classic hits was named format of the summer of 2018 by Nielsen Audio 's research team emphasizing the huge popularity of the format . In addition , the Millennial generation is listening to this format in record numbers , according to a Nielsen report . As of December 2019 there are now over 1,100 classic hits stations in the United States , the largest amount in format history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lyon", "text": "Lyon or Lyons ( UK : /ˈliːɒ̃/ , US : /liˈoʊn/ , [ c ] French : [ ljɔ̃ ] ( listen ) ; Arpitan : Liyon , pronounced [ ʎjɔ̃ ] ; Italian : Lione , pronounced [ liˈone ] ) is the third-largest city and second-largest urban area of France . It is located in the country 's east-central part at the confluence of the rivers Rhône and Saône , about 470 km ( 292 mi ) south of Paris , 320 km ( 199 mi ) north of Marseille and 56 km ( 35 mi ) northeast of Saint-Étienne . Inhabitants of the city are called Lyonnais . Lyon had a population of 513,275 in 2015 . It is the capital of the Metropolis of Lyon and the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes . The Lyon metropolitan area had a population of 2,265,375 in 2014 . The city is known for its cuisine and gastronomy , and historical and architectural landmarks ; part of it is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage site . Lyon was historically an important area for the production and weaving of silk . Lyon played a significant role in the history of cinema : it is where Auguste and Louis Lumière invented the cinematograph . It is also known for its light festival , the Fête des Lumières , which begins every 8 December and lasts for four days , earning Lyon the title of Capital of Lights . Economically , Lyon is a major centre for banking , as well as for the chemical , pharmaceutical , and biotech industries . The city contains a significant software industry with a particular focus on video games , and in recent years has fostered a growing local start-up sector ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marshland_St._James", "text": "Marshland St James is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk . It covers an area of 25.69 km2 ( 9.92 sq mi ) and had a population of 1,137 in 456 households at the 2001 census , increasing to 1,209 at the 2011 Census . For the purposes of local government , it falls within the district of King 's Lynn and West Norfolk . Churches Marshland St James had multiple churches which are Anglican and Methodist . The parish church is St James in the deanery of Lynn Marshland , in the archdeaconry of Wisbech . The original Church of England church was St Jame . It was founded in 1837 and closed in 2002 . The church did not have a graveyard . The church does not have a graveyard . Marshland Fen Methodist Church was founded before 1907 . The Primitive Methodist church was an early 19th century ( 1807 ) secession from the Wesleyan Methodist church and was particularly successful in evangelising agricultural and industrial communities at open meetings . In 1932 the Primitive Methodists joined with the Wesleyan Methodists and the United Methodists to form the Methodist Church of Great Britain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexander_Acha", "text": "Raúl Alexander Acha Alemán ( born January 25 , 1985 ) is a Latin Grammy winning Mexican singer-songwriter . The son of Mexican pop singer Emmanuel , Alexander Acha is also a pianist and a Berklee College of Music alum . He was raised as a devout Roman Catholic and he still attends Mass at the Church . His debut album Voy ( 2008 ) reached gold status in his native country , with Te Amo being his first single . On November 5 , 2009 , he won the Latin Grammy for Best New Artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ava,_Missouri", "text": "Ava is the only incorporated city in Douglas County , Missouri , United States . The population was 2,993 at the 2010 census . Ava is the county seat of Douglas County . The city was founded in 1871 . It was renamed Ava in 1881 , the town 's original name having been Militia Springs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FK_Haugesund", "text": "Fotballklubben Haugesund is a Norwegian football club from the city of Haugesund . The club currently plays in Eliteserien , the first tier in the Norwegian football league system . It was founded on October 28 , 1993 , after a merger between the football clubs Djerv 1919 and SK Haugar . The club 's home matches are played at the 8,754-capacity Haugesund Stadion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baldur's_Gate_II:_Throne_of_Bhaal", "text": "Baldur 's Gate II : Throne of Bhaal is the expansion pack for the role-playing video game Baldur 's Gate II : Shadows of Amn , and is the final chapter in the Baldur 's Gate series . It adds a multi-level dungeon called Watcher 's Keep to the game and completes the main plot . There are several new weapons , a higher level cap , a further refined Infinity graphics engine , and new class-related features and magical skills . The novelization of the game was written by Drew Karpyshyn and released in September 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) is an American collegiate athletic conference formed on July 27 , 1962 , and affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I . The WAC covers a broad expanse of the western United States , with member institutions located in Arizona , California , New Mexico , Utah , and Washington , along with the non-western states of Missouri and Illinois ( traditionally associated with the Midwest ) , as well as Texas ( traditionally associated with the Southwest ) . Due to most of the conference 's football-playing members leaving the WAC for other affiliations , the conference discontinued football as a sponsored sport after the 2012-13 season and left the NCAA 's Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly known as Division I-A ) . The WAC thus became the first Division I conference to drop football since the Big West in 2000 . The WAC then added men 's soccer and became one of the NCAA 's eleven Division I non-football conferences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vlade_Divac", "text": "Vlade Divac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владе Дивац , pronounced [ ʋlǎːde dǐːʋats ] ; born February 3 , 1968 ) is a Serbian professional basketball executive and former player who is the vice president of basketball operations and general manager of the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Divac spent most of his playing career in the NBA . At 7 ft 1 in ( 2.16 m ) , he played center and was known for his passing skills . He was among the first group of European basketball players to transfer to the NBA in the late 1980s and was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors . He is one of seven players in NBA history to record 13,000 points , 9,000 rebounds , 3,000 assists , and 1,500 blocked shots , along with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Tim Duncan , Shaquille O'Neal , Kevin Garnett , Pau Gasol , and Hakeem Olajuwon . [ n 1 ] Divac was also the first player born and trained outside the United States to play in over 1,000 games in the NBA . On August 20 , 2010 , he was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame in recognition of his play in international competition . He was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2019 . Aside from being noticed for his basketball abilities , Divac is also known as a humanitarian , helping children in his native country of Serbia and in Africa . In October 2008 , he was appointed as government adviser in Serbia for humanitarian issues . In February 2009 , he was elected President of the Serbian Olympic Committee for a 4-year term and re-elected in November 2012 . In 2013 , Divac received an honor from the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frampton,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Frampton is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Boston , Lincolnshire , England . The village is situated approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) south from the town of Boston and to the east ( the seaward side ) of the A16 , which runs along the townlands . The village lies on the edge of one of the great marine creek levees formed during the Bronze Age , 2 miles ( 3 km ) to 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) from the modern salt marsh . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 1,299 . The village is one of eighteen parishes which , together with Boston , form the Borough of Boston in the county of Lincolnshire . Local governance of Frampton was reorganised on 1 April 1974 , as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 . The parish forms its own electoral ward . Hitherto , the parish had formed part of Boston Rural District , in the Parts of Holland . Holland was one of the three divisions ( formally known as parts ) of the traditional county of Lincolnshire . Since the Local Government Act of 1888 , Holland had been in most respects , a county in itself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohammed_V_International_Airport", "text": "Mohammed V International Airport ( French : Aéroport international Mohammed V ; Arabic : مطار محمد الخامس الدولي , Matar Muhammad al-Khamis ad-Dowaly ; Berber : ⴰⵣⴰⴳⵯⵣ ⴰⴳⵔⵖⵍⴰⵏ ⵎⵓⵃⵎⵎⴷ ⵡⵙ5 ; IATA : CMN , ICAO : GMMN ) is an international airport serving Casablanca , Morocco . Located in Nouaceur Province , it is operated by ONDA ( National Airports Office ) . With just under 8 million passengers passing through the airport in 2014 , it was the busiest airport in Morocco and the fourth busiest in Africa . In August 2014 , ONDA reported a year-on-year increase of 7.28% passenger traffic , to 918,238 . The airport serves as hub for Royal Air Maroc , Jetairfly , Air Arabia Maroc and RAM Express . It is named after King Mohammed V of Morocco ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado_Springs,_Colorado", "text": "Colorado Springs is a home rule municipality that is the largest city by area in Colorado as well as the county seat and the most populous municipality of El Paso County , Colorado , United States . It is in east central Colorado , on Fountain Creek , 60 miles ( 97 km ) south of Denver . At 6,035 feet ( 1,839 m ) the city stands over 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) above sea level , though some areas are significantly higher and lower . Colorado Springs is near the base of Pikes Peak , which rises 14,115 feet ( 4,302 m ) above sea level on the eastern edge of the Southern Rocky Mountains . The United States Air Force Academy opened just north of Colorado Springs in 1958 . The city is home to 24 national sports governing bodies , including the United States Olympic Committee , the United States Olympic Training Center , and USA Hockey . The city had an estimated population of 472,688 in 2018 , and a metro population of approximately 738,939 , making it Colorado 's second most populous city , behind Denver , and the 39th most populous city in the United States . The Colorado Springs , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 712,327 in 2016 . The city is in the Front Range Urban Corridor , an oblong region of urban population along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado and Wyoming , generally following Interstate 25 . The city covers 194.9 square miles ( 505 km2 ) , making it the most extensive municipality in Colorado . In 2017 and 2018 , Colorado Springs received several accolades . In 2018 U.S. News named it the most desirable place to live in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_and_Lee_Generals_football", "text": "The Washington and Lee Generals football team represents Washington and Lee University in Lexington , Virginia . The Generals compete at NCAA Division III level as members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mexico_City", "text": "Mexico City , or the City of Mexico ( Spanish : Ciudad de México , American Spanish : [ sjuˈða ( ð ) ðe ˈmexiko ] ( listen ) ; abbreviated as CDMX , Nahuatl languages : Āltepētl Mēxihco ) , is one of the 32 states which make up the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico and the capital of Mexico and the most populous city in North America . It is one of the most important cultural and financial centres in the world . It is located in the Valley of Mexico ( Valle de México ) , a large valley in the high plateaus in the center of Mexico , at an altitude of 2,240 meters ( 7,350 ft ) . The city has 16 alcaldías , formerly known as boroughs . The 2009 population for the city proper was approximately 8.84 million people , with a land area of 1,485 square kilometers ( 573 sq mi ) . According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments , the population of Greater Mexico City is 21.3 million , which makes it the second largest metropolitan area of the Western Hemisphere , the eleventh-largest agglomeration ( 2017 ) , and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world . Greater Mexico City has a GDP of $ 411 billion in 2011 , making Greater Mexico City one of the most productive urban areas in the world . The city was responsible for generating 15.8% of Mexico 's GDP , and the metropolitan area accounted for about 22% of total national GDP . If it were an independent country , in 2013 , Mexico City would be the fifth-largest economy in Latin America , five times as large as Costa Rica and about the same size as Peru . Mexico 's capital is both the oldest capital city in the Americas and one of two founded by indigenous people , the other being Quito , Ecuador . The city was originally built on an island of Lake Texcoco by the Aztecs in 1325 as Tenochtitlan , which was almost completely destroyed in the 1521 siege of Tenochtitlan and subsequently redesigned and rebuilt in accordance with the Spanish urban standards . In 1524 , the municipality of Mexico City was established , known as México Tenochtitlán , and as of 1585 , it was officially known as Ciudad de México ( Mexico City ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Havilah_(album)", "text": "Havilah is the fourth studio album by Australian alternative rockers , the Drones , which was released by ATP Recordings/MGM Distribution in September 2008 . It was co-produced by the group with Burke Reid and issued in February 2009 for the United Kingdom and United States markets . The title refers to a biblical town of the same name - a Shangri-La-esque place with an abundance of gold - and is the valley 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from Myrtleford , where they recorded ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Intangible_Cultural_Properties_of_Japan", "text": "An Intangible Cultural Property ( 無形文化財 , mukei bunkazai ) , as defined by the Japanese government 's Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties ( 1950 ) , is a part of the Cultural Properties [ note 1 ] of high historical or artistic value such as drama , music , and craft techniques . The term refers exclusively to human skills possessed by individuals or groups which are indispensable to produce Cultural Properties . Items of particular importance can be designated as Important Intangible Cultural Properties ( 重要無形文化財 , jūyō mukei bunkazai ) . Recognition is also given to the owners of an item to encourage its transmission . There are three types of recognition : individual recognition , collective recognition , and group recognition . Special grants of two million yen a year are given to individual holders ( the so-called National Living Treasures ) to help protect their properties . The government also contributes part of the expenses incurred either by the holder of an Intangible Cultural Property during training of his successor , or by a recognized group for public performances . To promote the understanding , and therefore the transmission across generations , of Cultural Properties , exhibitions concerning them are organized . The government through the Japan Arts Council also holds training workshops and other activities to educate future generations of noh , bunraku , and kabuki personnel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds are an American professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . They were a charter member of the American Association in 1882 and joined the NL in 1890 . The Reds played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993 , before joining the Central division in 1994 . They have won five World Series championships , nine NL pennants , one AA pennant , and 10 division titles . The team plays its home games at Great American Ball Park , which opened in 2003 replacing Riverfront Stadium . Bob Castellini has been chief executive officer since 2006 . From 1882 to 2019 , the Reds ' overall win-loss record is 10,599-10,393 ( a 0.505 winning percentage ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norwegian_Epic", "text": "Norwegian Epic is a cruise ship of the Norwegian Cruise Line built under that line 's F3 Project by STX Europe Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire , France . When built it was the third largest cruise ship in the world . Two ships in this Epic class were ordered by NCL in November 2006 , with an option for a third vessel that was not exercised . A dispute between NCL and STX initially resulted in the construction of both ships being placed on hold until a new agreement was reached . That called for completion of the first ship would be completed ; the second ship was cancelled in 2008 . The sole remaining ship , Norwegian Epic , was delivered to NCL on 17 June 2010 . After completion and acceptance , the Epic sailed on Thursday 24 June 2010 from Southampton to New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Song_to_Song", "text": "Song to Song is a 2017 American experimental romantic drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring an ensemble cast including Ryan Gosling , Rooney Mara , Michael Fassbender , and Natalie Portman . After a lengthy post-production period of over three years , the film had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 10 , 2017 , and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by Broad Green Pictures . Critical reception for the film was mixed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2011–12_Iranian_Futsal_Super_League", "text": "The 2011-12 Iranian Futsal Super League was the 13th season of the Iran Pro League and the 8th under the name Futsal Super League . Shahid Mansouri Gharchak are the defending champions . The regular season , played from 30 August 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinnarps_Arena", "text": "Kinnarps Arena is an ice hockey venue in Jönköping , Sweden . The arena , which is located in the Rosenlund district of Jönköping , was built between September 1999 and September 2000 . It was literally built around and on top of the old arena Rosenlundshallen while HV71 was still playing their regular season games . To improve HV71 's youth programme a training facility connected to Kinnarps Arena was built and stood ready for use in May 2001 . In December 2003 the decision to expand the arena for season 2004-05 with another 1,000 seats , a restaurant , a sports bar , a café , a sky bar , new conference rooms and boxes , was made . In the pre-season of 2007-08 HV71 invested in a new LED scoreboard , measuring 6.2 by 10.5 feet , capable of a display surpassing any LED scoreboards currently installed in Sweden . The scoreboard is a Daktronics Prostar Video 10 mm indoor display and resembles the boards used in General Motors Place and Scottrade Center in NHL , and in Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in France . Kinnarps Arena was designed by Flensborns arkitektkontor and Skanska as contractor , with Kinnarps AB financing the project . Future proprietor and owner of the arena is HV71 Fastighets AB , a subsidiary to HV71 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basketball", "text": "Basketball is a team sport in which two teams , most commonly of five players each , opposing one another on a rectangular court , compete with the primary objective of shooting a basketball ( approximately 9.4 inches ( 24 cm ) in diameter ) through the defender 's hoop ( a basket 18 inches ( 46 cm ) in diameter mounted 10 feet ( 3.048 m ) high to a backboard at each end of the court ) while preventing the opposing team from shooting through their own hoop . A field goal is worth two points , unless made from behind the three-point line , when it is worth three . After a foul , timed play stops and the player fouled or designated to shoot a technical foul is given one or more one-point free throws . The team with the most points at the end of the game wins , but if regulation play expires with the score tied , an additional period of play ( overtime ) is mandated . Players advance the ball by bouncing it while walking or running ( dribbling ) or by passing it to a teammate , both of which require considerable skill . On offense , players may use a variety of shots - the lay-up , the jump shot , or a dunk ; on defense , they may steal the ball from a dribbler , intercept passes , or block shots ; either offense or defense may collect a rebound , that is , a missed shot that bounces from rim or backboard . It is a violation to lift or drag one 's pivot foot without dribbling the ball , to carry it , or to hold the ball with both hands then resume dribbling . The five players on each side at a time fall into five playing positions the tallest player is usually the center , the tallest and strongest is the power forward , a slightly shorter but more agile player is the small forward , and the shortest players or the best ball handlers are the shooting guard and the point guard , who implements the coach 's game plan by managing the execution of offensive and defensive plays ( player positioning ) . Informally , players may play three-on-three , two-on-two , and one-on-one . Invented in 1891 by Canadian-American gym teacher James Naismith in Springfield , Massachusetts , United States , basketball has evolved to become one of the world 's most popular and widely viewed sports . The National Basketball Association ( NBA ) is the most significant professional basketball league in the world in terms of popularity , salaries , talent , and level of competition . Outside North America , the top clubs from national leagues qualify to continental championships such as the EuroLeague and the Basketball Champions League Americas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Obinna_Nwaneri", "text": "Obinna Nwaneri ( born 18 March 1982 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as centre back or right back position but also can play as a forward . His name , Obinna , means Father 's heart in Igbo . He is described as mobile central defender with pace , control and timing . A natural leader , which had earned him the captain armband in Enyimba and FC Sion respectively . His star has steadily continued to rise , first with top Nigerian side , Julius Berger , then with African Champions Enyimba , where he won the CAF champions league and then he signed with Swiss club FC Sion during the 2007 January transfer window , a club he later captained before leaving the following summer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seton_Hall_Pirates", "text": "The Seton Hall Pirates are the athletic teams representing Seton Hall University . They compete as a member of the NCAA Division I level ( non-football sub-level ) , primarily competing in the Big East Conference for all sports since the 1979-80 season . Men 's sports include baseball , basketball , cross country , golf , soccer and swimming & diving ; women 's sports include basketball , cross country , golf , soccer , softball , swimming & diving , tennis and volleyball . Seton Hall canceled football ( which was played in Division III ) in 1982 . The university 's athletic director is Bryan Felt . The program 's mascot is The Pirate and colors are blue , gray , and white ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Crawfords", "text": "The Pittsburgh Crawfords , popularly known as the Craws , were a professional Negro league baseball team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The team , previously known as the Crawford Colored Giants , was named after the Crawford Bath House , a recreation center in the Crawford neighborhood of Pittsburgh 's Hill District . The Crawfords were owned by Gus Greenlee . During the mid-1930s , the Crawfords were one of the strongest Negro league teams ever assembled ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hairuddin_Omar", "text": "Hairuddin Bin Omar ( born 29 September 1979 ) is a Malaysian former international football player . He spent most of his career as a forward but can also plays as a midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Douglas_Fairbanks", "text": "Douglas Elton Thomas Ullman ( May 23 , 1883 - December 12 , 1939 ) , known professionally as Douglas Fairbanks , was an American actor , screenwriter , director , and producer . He was best known for his swashbuckling roles in silent films including The Thief of Bagdad , Robin Hood , and The Mark of Zorro , but spent the early part of his career making comedies . Fairbanks was a founding member of United Artists . He was also a founding member of The Motion Picture Academy and hosted the 1st Academy Awards in 1929 . With his marriage to actress and film producer Mary Pickford in 1920 , the couple became Hollywood royalty and Fairbanks was referred to as The King of Hollywood , a nickname later passed on to actor Clark Gable . Though widely considered as one of the biggest stars in Hollywood during the 1910s and 1920s , Fairbanks ' career rapidly declined with the advent of the talkies . His final film was The Private Life of Don Juan ( 1934 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rome", "text": "Rome ( Latin and Italian : Roma [ ˈroːma ] ( listen ) ) is the capital city and a special comune of Italy ( named Comune di Roma Capitale ) . Rome also serves as the capital of the Lazio region . With 2,879,728 residents in 1,285 km2 ( 496.1 sq mi ) , it is also the country 's most populated comune . It is the third most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits . It is the centre of the Metropolitan City of Rome , which has a population of 4,355,725 residents , thus making it the second or third most populous metropolitan city in Italy depending on definition . Rome is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula , within Lazio ( Latium ) , along the shores of the Tiber . Vatican City ( the smallest country in the world ) is an independent country inside the city boundaries of Rome , the only existing example of a country within a city ; for this reason Rome has sometimes been defined as the capital of two states . Rome 's history spans 28 centuries . While Roman mythology dates the founding of Rome at around 753 BC , the site has been inhabited for much longer , making it one of the oldest continuously occupied cities in Europe . The city 's early population originated from a mix of Latins , Etruscans , and Sabines . Eventually , the city successively became the capital of the Roman Kingdom , the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire , and is regarded by many as the first ever Imperial City and metropolis . It was first called The Eternal City ( Latin : Urbs Aeterna ; Italian : La Città Eterna ) by the Roman poet Tibullus in the 1st century BC , and the expression was also taken up by Ovid , Virgil , and Livy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ipswich_Town_F.C.", "text": "Ipswich Town Football Club ( also known as Ipswich , The Blues , Town , or The Tractor Boys ) is a professional association football club based in Ipswich , Suffolk , England . They play in League One , the third tier of the English football league system , having been relegated from the Championship in the 2018/19 season . The club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936 , and was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938 . They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich . The only fully professional football club in Suffolk , they have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Norwich City in Norfolk , with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 148 times since 1902 . The club 's traditional home colours are blue shirts with white shorts and blue socks . Ipswich have won the English league title once , in their first season in the top flight in 1961-62 , and have twice finished runners-up , in 1980-81 and 1981-82 . They won the FA Cup in 1977-78 , and the UEFA Cup in 1980-81 . They have competed in all three major European club competitions , and have never lost at home in European competition , defeating Real Madrid , A.C. Milan , Inter Milan , Lazio and Barcelona , among others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pohang_Steelers", "text": "Pohang Steelers ( Hangul : 포항 스틸러스 ) is a South Korean professional football club based in Pohang , North Gyeongsang . They were originally called Pohang Steelworks , after the Pohang Iron and Steel Company that owned it . The club was founded in 1973 and is one of Korean football 's most successful sides . They are the joint-most successful team in Asia with three AFC Champions League titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Theatre_Royal,_Plymouth", "text": "Theatre Royal , Plymouth , is a theatre venue in Plymouth , Devon . It consists of a 1,300-seat main auditorium , The Lyric , which regularly hosts large-scale musicals , opera and ballet ; a 200-seat studio , The Drum ; and a 50-seat studio , The Lab . On a separate site , Theatre Royal Plymouth also has a production and learning centre , TR2 , featuring rehearsal studios and workshops for the production of set and costumes . The theatre is a National Portfolio Organisation , receiving regular funding from Arts Council England . A £7 million Regeneration Project was completed in September 2013 with a renovated front of house area and community performance space called The Lab . A 7-metre-high ( 23 ft ) bronze sculpture depicting a crouching female actor called Messenger is due to be erected in front of the theatre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tour_of_Małopolska", "text": "Tour of Malopolska is a cycling race in Lesser Poland Voivodeship . It was first run in 1961 . Since 2005 , it has been part of the UCI Europe Tour . Zbigniew Piątek holds the record for the most victories ( three , in 1989 , 1998 and 2001 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lesotho", "text": "Lesotho ( /ləˈsuːtuː/ ( listen ) , Sotho pronunciation : [ lɪˈsʊːtʰʊ ] ) , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho ( Sotho : 'Muso oa Lesotho ) , is an enclaved country within the border of South Africa . Along with the Vatican City and San Marino , it is one of only three independent states completely surrounded by the territory of another country , and the only one outside of the Italian peninsula . Lesotho is just over 30,000 km2 ( 11,583 sq mi ) in size and has a population of around 2 million . Its capital and largest city is Maseru . Lesotho was previously the British Crown Colony of Basutoland , but it declared independence from the United Kingdom on 4 October 1966 . It is now a fully sovereign state that is a member of the United Nations , the Commonwealth of Nations , and the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) . The name Lesotho roughly translates to the land of the brown-skinned people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Penguins", "text": "The Pittsburgh Penguins ( colloquially known as the Pens ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The Penguins are one of two NHL franchises in Pennsylvania , the other being the Philadelphia Flyers . The cities ' proximity has led to a rivalry known as the Battle of Pennsylvania . The club is owned by Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle , who purchased the Penguins in 1999 and brought the club out of bankruptcy . The franchise was founded in 1967 as one of the first expansion teams during the league 's expansion from six to twelve teams . The Penguins played in the Civic Arena , also known as The Igloo , from the time of their inception through the end of the 2009-10 season , when they moved to the Consol Energy Center , which was later renamed PPG Paints Arena . The 1992-93 Penguins won the franchise 's first-ever Presidents ' Trophy for being the team with the most points at the end of the regular season . In addition to their eight division titles , they have qualified for six Stanley Cup Finals , winning the Stanley Cup five times - in 1991 , 1992 , 2009 , 2016 , and 2017 . Along with the Edmonton Oilers , the Penguins are tied for the most Stanley Cup championships among non-Original Six teams and sixth overall . With their Stanley Cup wins in 2016 and 2017 , the Penguins became the first back-to-back champions in 19 years ( since the 1997-98 Detroit Red Wings ) and the first team to do so since the introduction of the NHL salary cap . They also became the fifth team to accomplish this feat multiple times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arthyde_Stone_House", "text": "Arthyde Stone House is a historic bungalow in the former community of Arthyde , Minnesota , United States . It was built circa 1922 using local fieldstone . The Arthyde Stone House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for having local significance in the theme of exploration/settlement . It was nominated for being a locally prominent reminder of the failed townsite speculation common to northern Minnesota 's cutover land during the Roaring Twenties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governor_of_North_Carolina", "text": "The governor of North Carolina is the head of state and head of government of the U.S. state of North Carolina . The governor directs the executive branch of the government and is the commander in chief of the military forces of the state . The current governor , Democrat Roy Cooper took office on January 1 , 2017 , and had a public swearing-in ceremony on January 7 , 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grupo_Carso", "text": "Grupo Carso or Grupo Sanborns SAB is a Mexican global conglomerate company owned by Carlos Slim . It was formed in 1990 after the merger of Corporación Industrial Carso and Grupo Inbursa . The name Carso stands for Carlos Slim and Soumaya Domit de Slim , his late wife . In May 2014 , the conglomerate had a stock market capitalisation of over $ 12 billion US dollars . In 1996 Carso Global Telecom ( which includes Telmex , Telcel and América Móvil ) separated itself from Grupo Carso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KTVU", "text": "KTVU , virtual channel 2 ( UHF digital channel 44 ) , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Oakland , California , United States and serving the San Francisco Bay Area . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation , as part of a duopoly with San Jose-licensed independent station KICU-TV ( channel 36 ) . The two stations share studios at Jack London Square in downtown Oakland ; KTVU 's transmitter is located at Sutro Tower in San Francisco ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_South_Carolina", "text": "The University of South Carolina ( USC , UofSC , SC , or simply Carolina ) is a public research university in Columbia , South Carolina . It has seven satellite campuses throughout the state and its main campus covers over 359 acres ( 145 ha ) in downtown Columbia not far from the South Carolina State House . The university is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities with Highest Research Activity . It also houses the largest collection of Robert Burns and Scottish literature materials outside Scotland , and the world 's largest Ernest Hemingway collection . Founded in 1801 as South Carolina College , USC is the flagship institution of the University of South Carolina System and offers more than 350 programs of study , leading to bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees from fourteen degree-granting colleges and schools . The University of South Carolina has a total enrollment of approximately 52,000 students , with over 35,000 on the main Columbia campus as of fall 2019 - making it the largest university in the Carolinas . USC also has several thousand future students in feeder programs at surrounding technical colleges . Professional schools on the Columbia campus include business , engineering , law , medicine , pharmacy , and social work ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivory_Coast", "text": "Ivory Coast , formally Côte d'Ivoire , [ a ] officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire , is a country located on the south coast of West Africa . Ivory Coast 's political capital is Yamoussoukro in the centre of the country , while its economic capital and largest city is the port city of Abidjan . It borders Guinea to the northwest , Liberia to the west , Mali to the northwest , Burkina Faso to the northeast , Ghana to the east , and the Gulf of Guinea ( Atlantic Ocean ) to the south . The official language of the republic is French , with local indigenous languages also being widely used that include Baoulé , Dioula , Dan , Anyin , and Cebaara Senufo . In total , there are around 78 different languages spoken in Ivory Coast . The country has large populations of Muslims , Christians ( primarily Roman Catholics ) and various indigenous religions . Before its colonization by Europeans , Ivory Coast was home to several states , including Gyaaman , the Kong Empire and Baoulé . The area became a protectorate of France in 1843 and was consolidated as a French colony in 1893 amid the European scramble for Africa . It achieved independence in 1960 , led by Félix Houphouët-Boigny , who ruled the country until 1993 . Relatively stable by regional standards , Ivory Coast established close political and economic ties with its West African neighbors while at the same time maintaining close relations to the West , especially France . Ivory Coast experienced a coup d'état in 1999 and two religiously-grounded civil wars , first between 2002 and 2007 and again during 2010-2011 . In 2000 , the country adopted a new constitution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austrian_Football_Bundesliga", "text": "The Austrian Football Bundesliga ( German : Österreichische Fußball-Bundesliga [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯çɪʃə ˈfuːsbal ˈbʊndəsliːɡa ] , Austrian Football Federal League ) is the highest-ranking national league club competition in Austrian football . The competition decides the Austrian national football champions , as well the country 's entrants for the various European cups run by UEFA . Since Austria stayed in sixteenth place in the UEFA association coefficient rankings at the end of the 2015-16 season , the league gained its first spot for the UEFA Champions League . The Austrian Bundesliga , which began in the 1974-75 season , has been a separate registered association since 1 December 1991 . It has been most won by the two Viennese giants Austria Wien , who were national champions 21 times , and Rapid Wien , who won the national title 32 times . Rapids Last title was in the 2007-08 Season . The current champions are Red Bull Salzburg . Hans Rinner is president of the Austrian Bundesliga . The Austrian Football Bundesliga is currently known as Tipico Bundesliga for sponsorship reasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jive_(dance)", "text": "In latin dancing , the jive is a dance style that originated in the United States from African-Americans in the early 1930s . It was popularized in 1934 by Cab Calloway . It is a lively and uninhibited variation of the Jitterbug , a form of Swing dance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terry_Allen_(American_football)", "text": "Terry Thomas Allen , Jr. ( born February 21 , 1968 ) is a former American football player who was a running back in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eleven seasons . Allen played college football for Clemson University . In the 1990 NFL Draft , he was selected in the ninth round by the Minnesota Vikings . Between 1992 and 1996 , Allen had 4 consecutive seasons of rushing for 1,000 or more yards , minus the 1993 season which he missed completely due to an injury ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boulder_International_Film_Festival", "text": "The Boulder International Film Festival ( BIFF ) , sponsored by the Colorado Film Society , is held annually on Presidents Day Weekend in Boulder , Colorado USA , and has developed a reputation as one of the most compelling young film festivals in the U.S. , exhibiting a number of new-but-unknown feature films , documentaries , animations , and shorts that have gone on to significant box-office success and multiple Oscar nominations , including Monsieur Lazhar , Burma VJ , Revanche , Wasp , Miracle Fish , The Conscience of Nhem Eh , Waste Land , Incident in New Baghdad , Instead of Abracadabra , Raju , The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore , West Bank Story , The Secret of Kells , 5 Broken Cameras , Chasing Ice , Curfew , Asad , The Missing Picture , and The Wind Rises . More than 23,600 filmmakers , national media , special guests and film enthusiasts attended the four-day BIFF 2014 . BIFF has shown the work of other honored filmmakers such as Danny Boyle , Jason Reitman , Daniel Junge , Helen Hunt , Marshall Curry , Luc Besson , and Lasse Halstrom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Michigan", "text": "The University of Michigan ( UM , U-M , U of M , or UMich ) , often simply referred to as Michigan , is a public research university in Ann Arbor , Michigan . The university is Michigan 's oldest ; it was founded in 1817 in Detroit , as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , 20 years before the territory became a state . The school was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres ( 16 ha ) of what is now known as Central Campus . Since its establishment in Ann Arbor , the flagship university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than 34 million gross square feet ( 780 acres ; 3.2 km2 ) spread out over a Central Campus and North Campus , two regional campuses in Flint and Dearborn , and a Center in Detroit . The university is a founding member of the Association of American Universities . Considered one of the foremost research universities in the United States with annual research expenditures approaching $ 1.5 billion , Michigan is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . As of October 2019 [ update ] , 25 Nobel Prize winners , 6 Turing Award winners and 1 Fields Medalist have been affiliated with the University of Michigan . Its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities , social sciences , and STEM fields ( science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ) as well as professional degrees in architecture , business , medicine , law , pharmacy , nursing , social work , public health , and dentistry . Michigan 's body of living alumni comprises more than 540,000 people , one of the largest alumni bases of any university in the world . Michigan 's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Wolverines . They are members of the Big Ten Conference . More than 250 Michigan athletes or coaches have participated in Olympic events , winning more than 150 medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lukáš_Rosol", "text": "Lukáš Rosol ( ; born 24 July 1985 ) is a Czech professional tennis player . He competes on the ATP Challenger Tour and the ATP World Tour , both in singles and doubles . Rosol was coached by former Czech player , 1999 US Open quarterfinalist Ctislav Doseděl . His career-high singles ranking is world No . 26 , achieved on 22 September 2014 . His first notable victory was against world No . 8 , Jürgen Melzer , at the 2011 French Open , whom he defeated in five sets in the second round a year after Melzer had reached the semi-final . A year later , Rosol defeated world No . 2 , Rafael Nadal , in the second round of Wimbledon to achieve one of the biggest wins in his career . Rosol has had sustained success since then having played an integral part in the Czech Republic 's Davis Cup winning team in 2012 , and winning his first tour-level title in April 2013 . Rosol also played in the longest ever ATP doubles match , alongside Tomáš Berdych , defeating Marco Chiudinelli and Stanislas Wawrinka in the first round of the 2013 Davis Cup . The match was played on 2 February 2013 , lasting 7 hours , 2 minutes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iran", "text": "Iran ( Persian : ایران Irān [ ʔiːˈɾɒːn ] ( listen ) ) , also called Persia , and officially the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Persian : جمهوری اسلامی ایران Jomhuri-ye Eslāmi-ye Irān ( listen ) [ dʒomhuːˌɾije eslɒːˌmije ʔiːˈɾɒn ] ) , is a country in Western Asia . With 82 million inhabitants , Iran is the world 's 18th most populous country . Its territory spans 1,648,195 km2 ( 636,372 sq mi ) , making it the second largest country in the Middle East and the 17th largest in the world . Iran is bordered to the northwest by Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan , [ a ] to the north by the Caspian Sea , to the northeast by Turkmenistan , to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan , to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman , and to the west by Turkey and Iraq . Its central location in Eurasia and Western Asia , and its proximity to the Strait of Hormuz , give it geostrategic importance . Tehran is the political and economic center of Iran , and the largest and most populous city in Western Asia with more than 8.8 million residents in the city and 15 million in the larger metropolitan area . Iran is home to one of the world 's oldest civilizations , beginning with the formation of the Elamite kingdoms in the fourth millennium BCE . It was first unified by the Iranian Medes in the seventh century BCE , and reached its territorial height in the sixth century BCE under Cyrus the Great , whose Achaemenid Empire stretched from Eastern Europe to the Indus Valley , one of the largest empires in history . The empire fell to Alexander the Great in the fourth century BCE and was divided into several Hellenistic states . An Iranian rebellion established the Parthian Empire in the third century BCE , which was succeeded in the third century CE by the Sasanian Empire , a leading world power for the next four centuries . Arab Muslims conquered the empire in the seventh century CE , and the subsequent Islamization of Iran led to the decline of the once dominant Zoroastrian religion . Iran 's major contributions to art , philosophy , and science spread throughout the Muslim world and beyond during the Islamic Golden Age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belkofski,_Alaska", "text": "Belkofoski is an unincorporated community and Alaska Native Village Statistical Area ( ANVSA ) in the Aleutians East Borough in Alaska . It has been uninhabited since the 1980s , reporting a population of zero in 1990 , 2000 and 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Valley_State_University", "text": "Fort Valley State University ( FVSU , formerly Fort Valley State College ) is a public historically black university in Fort Valley , Georgia . It is part of the University System of Georgia and a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund . As the only 1890 land-grant university in Georgia , Fort Valley State University is a comprehensive institution that provides an education to over 2,500 students . Approximately 91% of the current student body is of African-American descent . The average age of undergraduates is 24 and the average age of graduate students is 33 . Roughly one-third of the students live on the campus , and 85% of the student body are full-time students . The university is located in the town of Fort Valley in Peach County , the original site of the state 's peach industry . Its 1,365-acre ( 5.52 km2 ) campus is Georgia 's second-largest public university in area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cameroon", "text": "Cameroon ( /ˌkæməˈruːn/ ( listen ) ; French : Cameroun ) , officially the Republic of Cameroon ( French : République du Cameroun ) , is a country in Central Africa . It is bordered by Nigeria to the west and north ; Chad to the northeast ; the Central African Republic to the east ; and Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and the Republic of the Congo to the south . Cameroon 's coastline lies on the Bight of Biafra , part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean . Although Cameroon is not an ECOWAS member state , it is geographically and historically in West Africa with the Southern Cameroons which now form her Northwest and Southwest Regions having a strong West African history . The country is sometimes identified as West African and other times as Central African due to its strategic position at the crossroads between West and Central Africa . Cameroon is home to over 250 native languages spoken by nearly 20 million people . The official languages of the country are English and French . Early inhabitants of the territory included the Sao civilisation around Lake Chad and the Baka hunter-gatherers in the southeastern rainforest . Portuguese explorers reached the coast in the 15th century and named the area Rio dos Camarões ( Shrimp River ) , which became Cameroon in English . Fulani soldiers founded the Adamawa Emirate in the north in the 19th century , and various ethnic groups of the west and northwest established powerful chiefdoms and fondoms . Cameroon became a German colony in 1884 known as Kamerun . After World War I , the territory was divided between France and the United Kingdom as League of Nations mandates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dustin_Hoffman", "text": "Dustin Lee Hoffman ( born August 8 , 1937 ) is an American actor and filmmaker . He is known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and emotionally vulnerable characters . He is the recipient of numerous accolades including two Academy Awards , six Golden Globe Awards ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award ) , four BAFTAs , three Drama Desk Awards , and two Emmy Awards . Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999 and the Kennedy Center Honors Award in 2012 . Hoffman first drew critical praise for starring in the play Eh ? , for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award . His breakthrough film role was as Benjamin Braddock in critically acclaimed and iconic The Graduate ( 1967 ) . Since that time , Hoffman 's career has largely been focused on the cinema , with sporadic returns to television and to the stage . Hoffman 's films include Midnight Cowboy , Little Big Man , Papillon , Lenny , Marathon Man , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , Hook , and Wag the Dog . He made his directorial debut in 2012 , with Quartet , and has done voice work for the Kung Fu Panda film series and The Tale of Despereaux ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Collins,_Colorado", "text": "Fort Collins is a municipality in northern Colorado , which serves as the seat of Larimer County . Situated on the Cache La Poudre River along the Colorado Front Range , Fort Collins is located 56 mi ( 90 km ) north of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver . With a 2018 estimated population of 167,830 , it is the fourth most populous city in Colorado after Denver , Colorado Springs , and Aurora . Fort Collins is a midsize college city , home to Colorado State University and Front Range Community College 's Larimer campus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Schumacher", "text": "Michael Schumacher ( /ˈʃuːmɑːkər/ ; German : [ ˈmɪçaːʔeːl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ] ( listen ) ; born 3 January 1969 ) is a retired German racing driver who raced in Formula One for Jordan Grand Prix , Benetton and Ferrari , where he spent most of his career , as well as for Mercedes upon his return to the sport . Widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers ever , and regarded by some as the greatest of all time , Schumacher is the only driver in history to win seven Formula One World Championships , five of which he won consecutively . The most successful driver in the history of the sport , Schumacher holds the records for the most World Championship titles ( 7 ) , the most Grand Prix wins ( 91 ) , the most fastest laps ( 77 ) and the most races won in a single season ( 13 ) , and according to the official Formula One website ( Formula1.com ) , Schumacher was statistically the greatest driver the sport has ever seen at the time of his retirement from the sport . After success in karting as a child , Schumacher won titles in Formula König and Formula Three before joining Mercedes in the World Sportscar Championship . In 1991 his Mercedes-funded race debut for the Jordan Formula One team resulted in Schumacher being signed by Benetton for the rest of that season . He finished third in 1992 and fourth in 1993 , before becoming the first German World Drivers ' Champion in 1994 by one point over Damon Hill , albeit in controversial circumstances . In 1995 he repeated the success , this time with a greater margin . In 1996 Schumacher moved to Ferrari , who had last won the Drivers ' Championship in 1979 , and helped them transform into the most successful team in Formula One history , as he came close to winning the 1997 and 1998 titles , before breaking his leg at the 1999 British Grand Prix , ending another title run . Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 , including an unprecedented sixth and seventh title . In 2002 Schumacher won the title with a record six races remaining and finished on the podium in every race . In 2004 Schumacher won twelve out of the first thirteen races and went on to win a record 13 times as he won his final title . Schumacher retired from Formula One in 2006 , after finishing runner-up to Renault 's Fernando Alonso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1960_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1960 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad ( Italian : Giochi della XVII Olimpiade ) , was an international multi-sport event that was held from August 25 to September 11 , 1960 , in Rome , Italy . The city of Rome had previously been awarded the administration of the 1908 Summer Olympics , but following the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 1906 , Rome had no choice but to decline and pass the honour to London . The Soviet Union won the most gold and overall medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1893_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1893 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season was the main college football season sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . The season began on August 28 , 1991 , and ended on January 1 , 1992 . For the second consecutive season , there was a split national championship . Both the Miami Hurricanes and the Washington Huskies finished the season undefeated ( 12-0 ) and with the top ranking in a nationally recognized poll . Under the conference-bowl selection alignments of the time , the Hurricanes and Huskies could not meet in a decisive title game because Washington was slotted into the Rose Bowl as the Pac-10 champions , and the other spot in the Rose Bowl was automatically given to the Big Ten champions ( Michigan ) . The Rose Bowl 's selection terms later thwarted potential title matchups of undefeated teams following the 1994 and 1997 seasons . Following the 1998 Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) realignment , several Pac-10 and Big Ten teams were able to play in a BCS title game instead of being forced to play a non-title contender in the Rose Bowl ; these include the Ohio State Buckeyes in 2002 , 2006 and 2007 , the USC Trojans in 2004 and 2005 and the Oregon Ducks in 2010 . Miami closed the 1991 season with a 22-0 shutout over No . 11 Nebraska in the Orange Bowl , but their season was defined by a dramatic November victory over then No . 1 ranked and perennial rival Florida State . That game ended with the FSU place kicker missing a field goal , wide right , which would become a theme in the Florida State-Miami football rivalry ; this game later took on the moniker Wide Right I. Nebraska lost to both national champions in 1991 and finished at 9-2-1 , ranked No . 15 in the AP poll ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burbank_International_Film_Festival", "text": "The Burbank International Film Festival ( BIFF ) is an annual film festival held since 2009 in Burbank , California , United States . It was founded by Val Tonione , and awards are distributed to filmmakers that have focused on social and environmental issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Angel_Seminary", "text": "Mount Angel Abbey is a private Roman Catholic seminary , university , and community of Benedictine monks in St. Benedict , Oregon , United States . It was established in 1882 from the Abbey of Engelberg , Switzerland . The abbey , located on the top of Mount Angel , a 485-foot-high butte ( 148 m ) , has its own post office separate from the city of Mt . Angel 's - Saint Benedict . The Seminary is located within the Archdiocese of Portland , Oregon but it also serves as the major seminary for the Diocese of Baker , the Diocese of Boise , the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings , and the Diocese of Helena . The Archdiocese of Seattle sends its College Seminarians to Bishop White Seminary along with the Diocese of Spokane and the Diocese of Yakima . The seminarians are then given the choice of attending either University of Saint Mary of the Lake or Mount Angel . The seminary offers degrees to both lay students and those studying for the priesthood . The undergraduate school offers bachelor 's degrees to seminarians in philosophy , literature , and religious studies . The graduate school offers master 's degrees to both seminarians and lay students in theology , scripture studies , and philosophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alvaro_Načinović", "text": "Alvaro Načinović ( born 22 March 1966 in Rijeka ) is a former Croatian handball player who competed for Yugoslavia and Croatia respectively . He played for his hometown club Zamet Rijeka with whom he entered into the Yugoslav First League in 1987 after winning the Second League in Kać . The same year he won the IHF Men 's Junior World Championship with Yugoslavia U-21 in his club 's home venue in Rijeka . Yugoslavia beat Spain in the final . In 1992 Načinović played for RK Zagreb Loto with whom he won the European Champions Cup . He also spent six years in Slovenia playing for RK Pivovarna Laško Celje with a brief season at Zamet before coming to RK Crikvenica . Načinović spent five years in Crikvenica before retiring in 2006 . He won the bronze medal with Yugoslavia at the 1988 Summer Olympics and also captained the national team of Croatia to a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics , silver medal at the 1995 World Championship and a bronze medal at the 1994 World Championship . He made 105 appearances for the national team scoring 165 goals . Since April 2016 he is the sports director of RK Kozala ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London", "text": "London is the capital and largest city of England and of the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south-east of England , at the head of its 50-mile ( 80 km ) estuary leading to the North Sea , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . Londinium was founded by the Romans . The City of London , London 's ancient core − an area of just 1.12 square miles ( 2.9 km2 ) and colloquially known as the Square Mile − retains boundaries that closely follow its medieval limits . [ note 1 ] The City of Westminster is also an Inner London borough holding city status . Greater London is governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly . [ note 2 ] London is considered to be one of the world 's most important global cities and has been termed the world 's most powerful , most desirable , most influential , most visited , most expensive , innovative , sustainable , most investment friendly , and most popular for work city . London exerts a considerable impact upon the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism and transportation . London ranks 26th out of 300 major cities for economic performance . It is one of the largest financial centres and has either the fifth or the sixth largest metropolitan area GDP . [ note 3 ] It is the most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the busiest city airport system as measured by passenger traffic . It is the leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lassen_Volcanic_National_Park", "text": "Lassen Volcanic National Park is an American national park in northeastern California . The dominant feature of the park is Lassen Peak , the largest plug dome volcano in the world and the southernmost volcano in the Cascade Range . Lassen Volcanic National Park started as two separate national monuments designated by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1907 : Cinder Cone National Monument and Lassen Peak National Monument . The source of heat for the volcanism in the Lassen area is subduction of the Gorda Plate diving below the North American Plate off the Northern California coast . The area surrounding Lassen Peak is still active with boiling mud pots , fumaroles , and hot springs . Lassen Volcanic National Park is one of the few areas in the world where all four types of volcano can be found - plug dome , shield , cinder cone , and stratovolcano . The park is accessible via State Routes 89 and 44 . SR 89 passes north-south through the park , beginning at SR 36 to the south and ending at SR 44 to the north . SR 89 passes immediately adjacent to the base of Lassen Peak . There are five vehicle entrances to the park : the north and south entrances on SR 89 ; and unpaved roads entering at Drakesbad and Juniper Lake in the south , and at Butte Lake in the northeast . The park can also be accessed by trails leading in from the Caribou Wilderness to the east , as well as the Pacific Crest Trail , and two smaller trails leading in from Willow Lake and Little Willow Lake to the south . The Lassen Chalet , a large lodge with concession facilities , was located near the southwest entrance , but was demolished in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sabrina_the_Teenage_Witch", "text": "Sabrina the Teenage Witch is a comic book series published by Archie Comics about the adventures of a fictional American teenager named Sabrina Spellman . Sabrina was created by writer George Gladir and artist Dan DeCarlo , and first appeared in Archie 's Madhouse # 22 ( cover-dated Oct. 1962 ) . Storylines of the character at elementary-school-age also appear under the title Sabrina -- That Cute Little Witch in almost all of the Little Archie comics . The series ' premise is that Sabrina , a half-witch - her mother is an ordinary human , or mortal as witches refer to them , while her father is a warlock - lives with her two aunts , Hilda and Zelda Spellman , both witches themselves , in the fictional town of Greendale , which is located somewhere near Riverdale , the home of Archie Andrews . Also living with the three women as the family pet is Salem Saberhagen , a witch who has been turned into a cat as punishment for world domination attempts . Sabrina 's primary romantic interest is her mortal boyfriend Harvey Kinkle who , like nearly all the other mortals in Sabrina 's world , is unaware his girlfriend is a witch . Most of Sabrina 's adventures consist of Sabrina either trying to use her powers in secret to help others - witches generally are not allowed to tell mortals about their abilities or existence - or dealing with the day-to-day trials of being a teenager . A recurring theme in Sabrina 's stories is her learning more about the proper use of her powers , either through her aunts or from trips to a magical dimension that is the home of various magical/mythological creatures , including other witches . Various names are given to this dimension ; the mid-late 2000s comics refer to it as the Magic Realm , while the live-action sitcom referred to it as the Other Realm . The comic 's characters have also appeared in various other media formats . The live-action sitcom , in which Sabrina discovers her powers at the age of sixteen , aired for seven seasons on ABC and the WB . Earlier , there had been an animated series produced by Filmation Associates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Janet_Ajzenstat", "text": "Janet Ajzenstat ( born 1936 ) is professor emeritus of political science at McMaster University . The author of numerous works on Canadian political history , she is best known for The Political Thought of Lord Durham , where she argues that Durham 's call for French-Canadian assimilation was consistent with liberal principles . Her view of Canadian federalism , which dismisses the idea of special status for Quebec or Indigenous people , provoked much scholarly debate , especially following the collapse of the Meech Lake Accord . Ajzenstat also contends that judicial activism undercuts the foundation of responsible government ; as a result , her work is well received by conservative scholars , such as Barry Cooper and Stephen Harper 's former chief of staff Ian Brodie . Ajzenstat received her Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Toronto under the supervision of Peter H. Russell . While a doctoral student , she was a teaching assistant for Allan Bloom 's introductory political philosophy course . She has described Bloom as a major influence on her own thought . As an undergraduate at University College , University of Toronto , Ajzenstat majored in art and archeology . Following graduation in 1959 , she worked at the Art Gallery of Ontario , only turning to political science in the mid-1960s . She is married to philosopher and fellow McMaster professor Samuel Ajzenstat . Their daughter , Oona Eisenstadt , is a professor of Jewish studies at Pomona College . Their son , Sandor Ajzenstat , is a Canadian artist specializing in what is known as Soundsculpture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bethnal_Green_South_West_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Bethnal Green South West was a constituency in London . It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It was created for the 1885 general election and abolished for the 1950 general election , when it was combined with Bethnal Green North East to form a new Bethnal Green constituency , reflecting the area 's substantial fall in population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australia_men's_national_under-18_ice_hockey_team", "text": "The Australia men 's national under-18 ice hockey team is controlled by Ice Hockey Australia and represents Australia in international under-18 ice hockey competitions . Australia plays in Division IIB of the IIHF World U18 Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Frank_Goodchild", "text": "Michael Frank Goodchild ( born February 24 , 1944 ) is a British-American geographer . He is an Emeritus Professor of Geography at the University of California , Santa Barbara . After nineteen years at the University of Western Ontario , including three years as chair , he moved to Santa Barbara in 1988 , as part of the establishment of the National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis , which he directed for over 20 years . In 2008 , he founded the UCSB Center for Spatial Studies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wadenhoe", "text": "Wadenhoe is a village and civil parish in East Northamptonshire . The population ( including Pilton and Stoke Doyle ) of the civil parish at the 2011 Census was 244 . It is on the River Nene , approximately 4 miles from Thrapston and 10 miles from Corby . The Nene Way long distance footpath passes through the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1991", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1991 , the 9th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from the Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum in Biloxi , Mississippi on 19 August 1991 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Janel Bishop of New Hampshire was crowned by outgoing titleholder Bridgette Wilson of Oregon . Bishop is the first African American winner ever and the first titleholder from New Hampshire . The pageant was hosted by Dick Clark ( who last hosted it in 1988 and was already also hosting Miss USA & Miss Universe Pageants on CBS ) , with color commentary by Leeza Gibbons and Miss Teen USA 1985 Kelly Hu for the second time . Music was provided by the Gulf Coast Teen Orchestra . This was the second of five years that the pageant was held in Biloxi . After the city hosted Miss Teen USA 1990 , it entered negotiations with the Miss Universe company in October 1990 to host the pageant for a further four years , and an announcement to that effect was made in early November ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Congregation_for_Catholic_Education", "text": "The Congregation for Catholic Education ( Institutes of Study ) ( Latin : Congregatio de Institutione Catholica ( Studiorum Institutis ) ) is the pontifical congregation of the Roman Curia responsible for : ( 1 ) universities , faculties , institutes and higher schools of study , either ecclesial or non-ecclesiastical dependent on ecclesial persons ; and ( 2 ) schools and educational institutes depending on ecclesiastical authorities . It was also in charge of regulating seminaries , which prepare those students intending to become priests ( seminarians ) for ordination to the presbyterate , until 16 January 2013 when Pope Benedict XVI transferred the oversight of seminaries and all other related formation programs for priests and deacons from this dicastery to the Congregation for the Clergy , which regulates deacons and priests generally , not only their education . The Congregation for Catholic Education retains responsibility for matters pertaining to the structure of seminary curricula in philosophy and theology , in consultation with the Congregation for the Clergy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deportivo_Wanka", "text": "Deportivo Wanka is a Peruvian football club , based in the city of Huancayo in the Peruvian Andes . It was founded in 1996 and is named after the Wankas people who formerly inhabited the area and after whom the city of Huancayo is named . The current Deportivo Wanka is merged with Deportivo Pesquero of Chimbote but its home city is still Huancayo . They play their home games at Estadio Huancayo . Their last First Division participation was in 2004 . They protested against their relegation and were suspended from participating in any football tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santiago_de_Cuba", "text": "Santiago de Cuba is the second-largest city in Cuba and the capital city of Santiago de Cuba Province . It lies in the southeastern area of the island , some 870 km ( 540 mi ) southeast of the Cuban capital of Havana . The municipality extends over 1,023.8 square kilometers ( 395.3 sq mi ) , and contains the communities of Antonio Maceo , Bravo , Castillo Duany , Daiquirí , El Caney , El Cobre , El Cristo , Guilera , Leyte Vidal , Moncada and Siboney . Historically Santiago de Cuba has long been the second-most important city on the island after Havana , and still remains the second-largest . It is on a bay connected to the Caribbean Sea and is an important sea port . In the 2012 population census , the city of Santiago de Cuba recorded a population of 431,272 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bishop_of_Southwark_(Anglican)", "text": "The Bishop of Southwark is the ordinary of the Church of England Diocese of Southwark in the Province of Canterbury . Until 1877 , Southwark had been part of the Diocese of Winchester when it was transferred to the Diocese of Rochester . In 1891 , the Bishop of Rochester appointed Huyshe Yeatman-Biggs the only suffragan bishop of Southwark and an ancient parish church in Southwark was restored to become a pro-cathedral in 1897 , which later became Southwark Cathedral . The bishop 's residence is Bishop 's House , Streatham . On 1 May 1905 , the Diocese of Southwark was created and covers Greater London south of the River Thames and east Surrey , broadly defined . The Bishop of Southwark is assisted by the suffragan bishops of Croydon , of Kingston and of Woolwich who each oversee an episcopal area of the diocese . The current and previous bishops have been cited in canonical practice in its interpretation as valid but irregular of three ordinations of candidates ordained abroad , associated with a conservative evangelical church-forming group , the Anglican Mission in England , having expressed , in the church 's view , extreme views on a complex subject . The current bishop is Christopher Chessun , the 10th Bishop of Southwark , who signs +Christopher Southwark . He had previously been the area Bishop of Woolwich ( 2005-2011 ) . When the post-holder ranks among the longest-serving 21 bishops heading a diocese , he or she will qualify for a place in the House of Lords , joining the other five who qualify ex officio , including the two archbishops ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miroslav_Ouzký", "text": "Miroslav Ouzký ( born 18 August 1958 , in Chlumec nad Cidlinou ) is a Czech Member of the European Parliament . He was elected on the Civic Democratic Party ticket and sits with the European Conservatives and Reformists group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago", "text": "Chicago ( /ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ ) , officially the City of Chicago , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois , and the third-most-populous city in the United States . With an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States . Chicago is the county seat of Cook County , the second-most-populous county in the US , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city extending into DuPage County near O'Hare Airport . Chicago is the principal city of the Chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as Chicagoland . At nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the United States . Located on the shores of freshwater Lake Michigan , Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed and grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , which destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a concerted effort to rebuild . The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world . Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the Chicago School of architecture ) , the development of the City Beautiful Movement , and the steel-framed skyscraper . Chicago is an international hub for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . It is the site of the creation of the first standardized futures contracts , issued by the Chicago Board of Trade , which today is the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world , generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures alone . Depending on the particular year , the city 's O'Hare International Airport is routinely ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport according to tracked data by the Airports Council International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBN_(AM)", "text": "CBN is a clear-channel radio station broadcasting at 640 kHz ( AM ) from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada , and is the local Radio One station of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . CBN broadcasts with 10,000 watts , unlike most other clear-channel , Class A stations , which broadcast with 50,000 watts . Per international agreement ( NARBA ) , CBN is grandfathered at 10 kW and Class A , whereas the dominant station on this frequency throughout the Americas is KFI Los Angeles , which operates with 50 kW and Class A. CBN also broadcasts at 88.5 FM in the St. John 's area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CJOB", "text": "CJOB ( 680 kHz ) is a commercial AM radio station in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada . It is owned and operated by Corus Radio and airs a talk radio format with news and sports programs . CJOB and its sister stations , Peggy @ 99.1 and Power 97 , have studios and offices at 1440 Jack Blick Avenue at Polo Park in Winnipeg . The transmitter tower array is located off Floodway Road near Saint Adolphe . CJOB operates at 50,000 watts , the highest power permitted for Canadian AM stations . But because AM 680 is a clear channel frequency , CJOB must use a directional antenna at all times to avoid interfering with other stations . KNBR San Francisco and KBRW Barrow , Alaska , share Class A status on 680 kHz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yemen", "text": "Yemen ( /ˈjɛmən/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : اَلْيَمَنُ , romanized : al-Yaman ) , sometimes spelled Yaman , officially the Republic of Yemen ( Arabic : اَلْجُمْهُورِيَّةُ ٱلْيَمَنِيَّةُ , romanized : al-Jumhūrīyah al-Yamanīyah , literally Yemeni Republic ) , is a country at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula in Western Asia . It is the second-largest Arab sovereign state in the peninsula , occupying 527,970 square kilometres ( 203,850 square miles ) . The coastline stretches for about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,200 miles ) . It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north , the Red Sea to the west , the Gulf of Aden and Guardafui Channel to the south , and Oman and the Arabian Sea to the east . Yemen 's territory encompasses more than 200 islands , including Socotra , one of the largest islands in the Middle East . Yemen is a member of the Arab League , United Nations , Non-Aligned Movement and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation . The state is characterized as a failed state with high necessity of transformation . Yemen 's constitutionally stated capital is the city of Sana ' a , but the city has been under Houthi rebel control since February 2015 . Yemen is a developing country and in 2019 the United Nations reported that Yemen is the country with the most people in need of humanitarian aid with 24.1 million people in need . In ancient times , Yemen was the home of the Sabaeans , a trading state that flourished for over a thousand years and included parts of modern-day Ethiopia and Eritrea . In 275 CE , the region came under the rule of the later Jewish-influenced Himyarite Kingdom . Christianity arrived in the fourth century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emile_Thubron", "text": "Ernest Blakelock Thubron , also known as Émile Thubron ( Boldon near Durham 15 July 1861 - 22 May 1927 Tokomaru , New Zealand ) was an Anglo-French motorboat racer and Olympic champion . He won the second running of the Harmsworth Trophy for motor powered boats in 1904 in Trefle-à-quatre . In 1898 Ernest Blakelock Thubron was managing Owner of the Boulac Engine Works , Cairo and in 1906 he was still working as a boat constructor in Egypt . He competed with his boat Camille in Class A ( the open class ) at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London , where he won the gold medal . He finished the forty nautical miles in 2:26:53 , and Camille was the only boat to finish that race . He retired to New Zealand . His son was Brigadier Gerald Thubron , OBE and his grandson Colin Thubron the writer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carl_Hellström", "text": "Carl Leopold Hellström ( 10 December 1864 , Gothenburg - 4 July 1962 ) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics . In 1908 he won a silver medal as crew member of the Swedish Vinga in the 8 metre class . Four years later he was part of the Swedish boat Kitty , which won the gold medal in the 10 metre class ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tranmere_Rovers_F.C.", "text": "Tranmere Rovers Football Club is a professional association football club based in Birkenhead , Merseyside , England . Founded in 1884 as Belmont Football Club , they adopted their current name in 1885 . They were a founder member of Division Three North in 1921 , and were a member of The Football League until 2015 , when they were relegated to the National League , the fifth tier of English football . They returned to the Football League in 2018 , and were promoted to EFL League One in 2019 . During the 1980s , they were beset by financial problems and , in 1987 , went into administration . However , this was a prelude to the most successful period in Tranmere 's history ; under manager John King , the team reached the play-offs for promotion to the Premier League in three successive seasons . Under King 's successor , John Aldridge , Tranmere experienced a number of cup runs , most notably reaching the 2000 Football League Cup Final . Other cup runs include reaching FA Cup quarter-finals in 2000 , 2001 and 2004 . Tranmere 's regular kit is an all-white strip with blue trim , their main colours since 1962 . The club moved to its current home , Prenton Park , in 1912 . In 1995 , the ground had a major redevelopment in response to the Taylor Report . It now seats 16,567 in four stands : the Main Stand , the Kop , the Johnny King Stand and the Cowshed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Faisalabad", "text": "Faisalabad ( Urdu : فیصل آباد ; English : /fɑːɪsɑːlˌbɑːd/ ) , formerly known as Lyallpur , is the third-most-populous city in Pakistan , and the second-largest in the eastern province of Punjab . Historically one of the first planned cities within British India , it has long since developed into a cosmopolitan metropolis . Faisalabad was restructured into city district status ; a devolution promulgated by the 2001 local government ordinance ( LGO ) . The total area of Faisalabad District is 5,856 km2 ( 2,261 sq mi ) while the area controlled by the Faisalabad Development Authority ( FDA ) is 1,280 km2 ( 490 sq mi ) . :8 Faisalabad has grown to become a major industrial and distribution centre because of its central location in the region and connecting roads , rails , and air transportation . It has been referred to as the Manchester of Pakistan . Faisalabad contributes over 20 percent of Punjab 's GDP , and has an average annual GDP of $ 20.5 billion . Agriculture and industry remain its hallmark . :41 The surrounding countryside , irrigated by the lower Chenab River , produces cotton , wheat , sugarcane , maize , vegetables and fruits . The city is an industrial centre with major railway repair yards , engineering works , and mills that process sugar , flour , and oil seed . Faisalabad is a major producer of superphosphates , cotton and silk textiles , hosiery , dyes , industrial chemicals , beverages , clothing , pulp and paper , printing , agricultural equipment , and ghee ( clarified butter ) . The Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry monitors industrial activity in the city and reports their findings to the Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce and Industry and provincial government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Tiernan", "text": "Michael Joseph Tiernan ( January 21 , 1867 - November 7 , 1918 ) , nicknamed Silent Mike , was an American professional baseball right fielder . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) exclusively for the New York Giants from 1887 to 1899 . Born in Trenton , New Jersey , his debut game was on April 30 , 1887 . His final game was played on July 31 , 1899 . Tiernan led the National League in home runs in 1890 and 1891 , and compiled a .311 lifetime batting average . He is the Giants ' all-time franchise leader in triples and stolen bases . One of the great home run hitters of the 19th century , he hit 106 of them , which ties him with Hall of Famer Dan Brouthers for fourth most among 19th century ball players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_&_Dave", "text": "Sam & Dave were an American soul and R & B duo who performed together from 1961 until 1981 . The tenor ( higher ) voice was Sam Moore ( born 1935 ) and the baritone/tenor ( lower ) voice was Dave Prater ( 1937-1988 ) . Sam & Dave are inductees in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , the Vocal Group Hall of Fame , the Memphis Music Hall of Fame , and the Rhythm & Blues Music Hall of Fame . They are Grammy Award and multiple gold record award-winning artists . According to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame , Sam & Dave were the most successful soul duo and brought the sounds of the black gospel church to pop music with their call-and-response records . Recorded primarily at Stax Records in Memphis , Tennessee , from 1965 through 1968 , these included Soul Man , Hold On , I 'm Comin ' , You Do n't Know Like I Know , I Thank You , When Something is Wrong with My Baby , Wrap It Up , and many other Southern Soul classics . Except for Aretha Franklin , no soul act during Sam & Dave 's Stax years ( 1965-1968 ) had more consistent R & B chart success , including 10 consecutive top 20 singles and three consecutive top 10 LPs . Their crossover charts appeal ( 13 straight appearances and two top 10 singles ) helped to pave the way for the acceptance of soul music by white pop audiences , and their song Soul Man was one of the first songs by a black group to top the pop charts using the word soul , helping define the genre . Soul Man was a number one Pop Hit ( Cashbox : November 11 , 1967 ) and has been recognized as one of the most influential songs of the past 50 years by the Grammy Hall of Fame , the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame , Rolling Stone magazine , and RIAA Songs of the Century . Soul Man was featured as the soundtrack and title for a 1986 film and also a 1997-1998 television series , and Soul Men was a 2008 feature film . Nicknamed Double Dynamite , The Sultans of Sweat , and The Dynamic Duo for their gritty , gospel-infused performances , Sam & Dave are considered one of the greatest live acts of the 1960s . Many subsequent musicians have named them as an influence , including Bruce Springsteen , Al Green , Tom Petty , Phil Collins , Michael Jackson , Elvis Costello , The Jam , Teddy Pendergrass , Billy Joel and Steve Winwood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1978_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1978 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 2-4 , 1978 at The Summit in Houston , TX . The first round took place on February 25 at the higher seeded campus sites . Number 3 seed Houston defeated 1 seed Texas 92-90 to win their 1st championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1978 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helene_Olafsen", "text": "Helene Olafsen ( born 21 February 1990 ) is a Norwegian snowboarder . She placed tenth overall in the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup , and fifth in her special event boardercross , where she collected 3570 of her total 4160 points . She took her first victory in a World Cup event in March 2007 , and finished fifth at the 2007 Winter X Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Grisons", "text": "The canton of ( the ) Grisons , or canton of Graubünden , [ a ] is the largest and easternmost canton of Switzerland . It has international borders with Italy , Austria , and Liechtenstein . Its German name , Graubünden , translates as the Grey Leagues , referring to the canton 's origin in three local alliances , the League of God 's House , the Grey League , and the League of the Ten Jurisdictions . Grisons is the only officially trilingual canton and the only one where the Romansh language has official status . Swiss German , Italian , and Romansh are all native to the canton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cedric_Hardwicke", "text": "Sir Cedric Webster Hardwicke ( 19 February 1893 - 6 August 1964 ) was an English stage and film actor whose career spanned nearly 50 years . His theatre work included notable performances in productions of the plays of Shakespeare and Shaw , and his film work included leading roles in a number of adapted literary classics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Essen,_Belgium", "text": "Essen ( ) is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp which comprises the towns of Essen Centrum , Heikant , Horendonk , Wildert , Statie and Hoek . In 2007 , Essen had a population of 17,143 . The total area is 47.48 km² which gives a population density of 358 inhabitants per km² . The town is near the border with the Netherlands . It has a railway station , and is the last stop in Belgium for rail services travelling north . The station before Essen is Wildert . The next station is Roosendaal , North Brabant , Netherlands . The Grand Prix Rouwmoer is a cyclo-cross race held in December , which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Three_Degrees", "text": "The Three Degrees is an American female vocal group , which was originally formed in circa 1965 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Although 15 women have been members over the years , the group has always been a trio . The current line-up consists of Valerie Holiday , Helen Scott and Freddie Pool . Holiday has been a member since she first joined in 1967 , while Scott has been a permanent member since 1976 , having been in the group from 1965 to 1966 . The group were particularly successful in the UK , achieving 13 Top 50 hit singles between 1974 and 1985 . The original members were Fayette Pinkney , Shirley Porter and Linda Turner . Porter and Turner were soon replaced by Janet Harmon and Helen Scott . The line-up from 1967 to 1976 was Pinkney , Valerie Holiday and Sheila Ferguson , who would go on to sing lead on most of the group 's biggest hits . This line-up topped the US Hot 100 as featured vocalists on the MFSB single TSOP ( The Sound of Philadelphia ) in 1974 , and had seven UK Top 40 hits , including the 1974 single When Will I See You Again , which was a huge international hit , reaching the Top 5 in seven countries , including number two in the US and topping the UK Singles Chart . When Pinkney left the group in 1976 , she was replaced by a returning Helen Scott . This line-up had four UK Top 20 hits , including Woman in Love , which reached number three in 1979 . Ferguson left for a solo career in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victoria_(Australia)", "text": "Victoria ( abbreviated as Vic ) is a state in south-eastern Australia . Victoria is Australia 's smallest mainland state and its second-most populous state ( after New South Wales ) , making it the most densely populated state . Most of its population lives concentrated in the area surrounding Port Phillip Bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its state capital and largest city , Melbourne , Australia 's second-largest city . Victoria is bordered by Bass Strait and Tasmania to the south , [ note 1 ] New South Wales to the north , the Tasman Sea ( a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean ) to the east , and South Australia to the west . The area that is now known as Victoria is the home of many Aboriginal people groups , including the Boon wurrung , the Bratauolung , the Djadjawurrung , the Gunai/Kurnai , the Gunditjmara , the Taungurong , the Wathaurong , the Wurundjeri , and the Yorta Yorta . There were more than 30 Aboriginal languages spoken in the area prior to the European settlement of Australia . The Kulin nation is an alliance of five Aboriginal nations which makes up much of the central part of the state . With Great Britain having claimed the half of the Australian continent that is east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , Victoria formed part of the wider colony of New South Wales . The first European settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at Sullivan Bay , and much of what is now Victoria was included in 1836 in the Port Phillip District , an administrative division of New South Wales . Named in honour of Queen Victoria , who signed the division 's separation from New South Wales , the colony was officially established in 1851 and achieved self government in 1855 . The Victorian gold rush in the 1850s and 1860s significantly increased both the population and wealth of the colony , and by the time of the Federation of Australia in 1901 , Melbourne had become the largest city and leading financial centre in Australasia . Melbourne served as federal capital of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 , with the Federal Parliament meeting in Melbourne 's Parliament House and all principal offices of the federal government being based in Melbourne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illinois_Wesleyan_University_Law_School", "text": "Illinois Wesleyan University is an independent , exclusively undergraduate liberal arts college in Bloomington , Illinois . Founded in 1850 , the central portion of the present campus was acquired in 1854 with the first building erected in 1856 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brooklyn_Dodgers_(NFL)", "text": "The Brooklyn Dodgers were an American football team that played in the National Football League from 1930 to 1943 , and in 1944 as the Brooklyn Tigers . The team played its home games at Ebbets Field of the baseball National League 's team , the Brooklyn Dodgers . In 1945 , because of financial difficulties and the increasing scarcity of major league-level players because of the war-time defense requirements at the height of World War II , the team was merged with the Boston Yanks and were known as the Yanks for that season . This old NFL franchise was not related to the earlier ( second incarnation ) American Football League II with a franchise that played as the Brooklyn Tigers for the first half of the 1936 season before moving to Rochester , New York and playing as the Rochester Tigers . Another NFL team that played in the Brooklyn borough was the Brooklyn Lions ( which became the Brooklyn Horsemen after merging with a team from an earlier first incarnation AFL of the same name ) in 1926 . In 1946 , co-owner and partner Dan Topping ( 1912-1974 ) pulled the Tigers team out of the old NFL and placed it in the newly established rival professional league - the All-America Football Conference , which shortly lasted until 1949 , until several stronger teams from the AAFC merged with and entered a reorganized NFL in 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indiana's_1st_congressional_district", "text": "Indiana 's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Indiana . The district is based in Gary and its surrounding suburbs and exurbs . It consists of all of Lake and Porter counties and most of western LaPorte County in the northwestern part of the state . Redistricting passed by the Indiana General Assembly in 2011 shifted the district 's boundaries , effective January 2013 , to include all of Lake and Porter counties and the western and northwestern townships of LaPorte County , while moving Benton , Jasper and Newton counties out of the district . The district is currently represented by Democrat Pete Visclosky . The district 's character is very different from the rest of Indiana . It includes almost all of the Indiana side of the Chicago metropolitan area . While Porter and LaPorte counties are swing counties , Lake County is heavily Democratic . Lake County contains more than 70 percent of the district 's population and has more people than the rest of the district combined , which is enough to make the 1st a relatively safe Democratic seat . The district has not elected a Republican to Congress in 90 years , making it one of the most Democratic districts in the nation . Among Indiana 's congressional districts , only the Indianapolis-based 7th District is more Democratic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Tennessee_State_University", "text": "East Tennessee State University ( ETSU ) is a public university in Johnson City , Tennessee . Although it is part of the State University and Community College System of Tennessee , the university is governed by an institutional Board of Trustees . As of May 2017 [ update ] , it is the fourth largest university in the state and has off-campus centers in nearby Kingsport and Elizabethton . ETSU hosts the James H. Quillen College of Medicine which is often ranked as one of the top schools in the United States for rural medicine and primary care education ; the Bill Gatton College of Pharmacy , the College of Nursing , the College of Public Health , and the recently formed College of Clinical and Rehabilitative Health Sciences . Unique programs include an accredited program in Bluegrass , Old Time , and Country Music , America 's lone master 's degree in Storytelling , and the Appalachian Studies programs , focused on the surrounding Appalachian region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puerto_Rico's_At-large_congressional_district", "text": "Puerto Rico is represented by a non-voting resident commissioner in the United States House of Representatives . The current resident commissioner is Jenniffer González ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MacTavish_Cup", "text": "The MacTavish Cup is a knock-out cup competition in the sport of shinty . It is competed for by senior teams from the North of Scotland district . It is one of the five trophies considered to be part of the Grand Slam in the sport of shinty . The current holders are Newtonmore . The competition is currently sponsored by cottages.com . The final is habitually played at the Bught Park , Inverness ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donavan_Tate", "text": "Donavan Reed Tate ( born September 27 , 1990 ) is an American former college football quarterback for the Arizona Wildcats of the University of Arizona . Previously , he was a Minor League Baseball outfielder who was selected third overall by the San Diego Padres in the 2009 Major League Baseball draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keita_Mandjou", "text": "Mandjou Keita ( born 28 November 1986 ) is a Guinean international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosworth", "text": "Cosworth is a British automotive engineering company founded in London in 1958 ; 62 years ago ( 1958 ) , specialising in high-performance internal combustion engines , powertrain , and electronics ; for automobile racing ( motorsport ) and mainstream automotive industries . Cosworth is based in Northampton , England , with American facilities in Indianapolis , Shelby Charter Township , Michigan and Mooresville , North Carolina . Cosworth has collected 176 wins in Formula One ( F1 ) as engine supplier , ranking third with most wins , behind Ferrari and Mercedes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indianapolis,_Indiana", "text": "Indianapolis ( /ˌɪndiəˈnæpəlɪs/ ) , often shortened to Indy , is the state capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana and the seat of Marion County . According to 2018 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the consolidated population of Indianapolis and Marion County was 876,862 . The balance population , which excludes semi-autonomous municipalities in Marion County , was 867,125 . It is the 17th most populous city in the U.S . The Indianapolis metropolitan area is the 34th most populous metropolitan statistical area in the U.S. , with 2,048,703 residents . Its combined statistical area ranks 28th , with a population of 2,431,361 . Indianapolis covers 368 square miles ( 950 km2 ) , making it the 16th largest city by land area in the U.S. Indigenous peoples inhabited the area dating to approximately 2000 BC . In 1818 , the Delaware relinquished their tribal lands in the Treaty of St. Mary 's . In 1821 , Indianapolis was founded as a planned city for the new seat of Indiana 's state government . The city was platted by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham on a 1-square-mile ( 2.6 km2 ) grid next to the White River . Completion of the National and Michigan roads and arrival of rail later solidified the city 's position as a manufacturing and transportation hub . Two of the city 's nicknames reflect its historical ties to transportation - the Crossroads of America and Railroad City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas,_Texas", "text": "Dallas ( /ˈdæləs/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and the largest city and seat of Dallas County , with portions extending into Collin , Denton , Kaufman and Rockwall counties . With an estimated 2018 population of 1,345,076 , it is the ninth most-populous city in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio . Located in North Texas , the city of Dallas is the main core of the largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States and the largest inland metropolitan area in the U.S. that lacks any navigable link to the sea . [ a ] It is the most populous city in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the country at 7.5 million people . Dallas and nearby Fort Worth were initially developed due to the construction of major railroad lines through the area allowing access to cotton , cattle and later oil in North and East Texas . The construction of the Interstate Highway System reinforced Dallas 's prominence as a transportation hub , with four major interstate highways converging in the city and a fifth interstate loop around it . Dallas then developed as a strong industrial and financial center and a major inland port , due to the convergence of major railroad lines , interstate highways and the construction of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , one of the largest and busiest airports in the world . In addition , Dallas has DART ( Dallas Area Rapid Transit ) with different colored train lines that transport throughout the metroplex . Dominant sectors of its diverse economy include defense , financial services , information technology , telecommunications , and transportation . Dallas is home to 9 Fortune 500 companies within the city limits . The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex hosts additional Fortune 500 companies , including American Airlines ( Fort Worth ) and ExxonMobil ( Irving ) . Over 41 colleges and universities are located within its metropolitan area , which is the most of any metropolitan area in Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glee_(season_2)", "text": "The second season of the musical comedy-drama television series Glee originally aired between September 21 , 2010 and May 24 , 2011 on Fox in the United States . The 22-episode season was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Ryan Murphy Television , with executive producers Dante Di Loreto and series co-creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk , with the other series co-creator , Ian Brennan , as co-executive producer . The series features the New Directions glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in the town of Lima , Ohio . Season two follows the club competing on the show choir circuit , while its members and faculty deal with sex , religion , homophobia , financial difficulties , rumors , teenage drinking , death and other social issues . The central characters are glee club director Will Schuester ( Matthew Morrison ) , cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch ) , guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma Mays ) , and glee club members Artie Abrams ( Kevin McHale ) , Brittany Pierce ( Heather Morris ) , Finn Hudson ( Cory Monteith ) , Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ) , Mercedes Jones ( Amber Riley ) , Noah Puck Puckerman ( Mark Salling ) , Quinn Fabray ( Dianna Agron ) , Rachel Berry ( Lea Michele ) , Santana Lopez ( Naya Rivera ) and Tina Cohen-Chang ( Jenna Ushkowitz ) . Will 's ex-wife Terri ( Jessalyn Gilsig ) and Kurt 's father Burt ( Mike O'Malley ) round out the list of main characters . The season received generally positive reviews from critics . The musical performances from the second season expanded on the success of the first season , with the show releasing five soundtrack albums and over one hundred digital singles . The cast decisively broke the record for most charted songs by an act in the 52-year history of the Billboard Hot 100 with 156 appearances through the end of its second season . Two singles , Teenage Dream and Loser Like Me , were the first to have over 200,000 downloads in their first week of release in the US , and both charted in the top ten in the US and Canada , and have been certified gold in the US . The season was nominated for twelve Emmy Awards , five Golden Globe Awards , five Satellite Awards and over fifty other awards . Three DVDs have been released with episodes from the season : Glee - Season 2 , Volume 1 featuring episodes one through ten , Glee - Season 2 , Volume 2 featuring episodes eleven through twenty-two , and Glee - The Complete Second Season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gumboro,_Delaware", "text": "Gumboro is a small unincorporated community in Sussex County , Delaware , United States . It is part of the Salisbury , Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area . In 2006 , legislation to establish Gumboro as an incorporated town was passed by the Delaware General Assembly , but was vetoed by Governor Ruth Ann Minner as no civic government was to be immediately convened , leaving a gap in government from when the town was incorporated and left county control , until the election of a government . Gumboro is home to the Old Homestead , a home in the heart of town that is reportedly haunted , and the Cypress Swamp which many travelers have reported hearing voices emanating from . Infectious bursal disease virus ( IBDV ) was first discovered in Gumboro in 1962 and thus has been known as Gumboro disease . This virus causes an immuno-suppressive disease in chickens . The disease is usually sub-clinical in birds less than two weeks of age and clinical disease is generally observed in birds over two weeks of age . Gumboro plays host to the annual Gumboro Mud Bog , where people take 4 wheel drive trucks and SUVs into the mud . The West Woods Methodist Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan_national_handball_team", "text": "The Japan national handball team is the national handball team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Handball Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naturalis_Biodiversity_Center", "text": "Naturalis Biodiversity Center ( Dutch : Nederlands Centrum voor Biodiversiteit Naturalis ) is a national museum of natural history and a research center on biodiversity in Leiden , Netherlands . The museum , exceptt the research facilities , was closed from September 2018 to mid 2019 due to renovations . Temporary exhibitions were held in the Pesthuis ( historical Plague hospital ) entrance building during the renovations . Although its current name and organization are relatively recent , the history of Naturalis can be traced back to the early 1800s . Its collection includes approximately 37 million specimens , making it one of the largest natural history collections in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_III_independent_schools", "text": "NCAA Division III independent schools are four-year institutions that compete in college athletics at the NCAA 's Division III level , but do so independently of an established athletic conference . These institutions often compete as members of an intercollegiate athletic conference in some sports . The reason for independent status varies among institutions , but it is frequently because the school 's primary athletic conference does not sponsor a particular sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scotland", "text": "Scotland ( Scots : Scotland , Scottish Gaelic : Alba [ ˈal̪ˠapə ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain , with a border with England to the southeast , and is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west , the North Sea to the northeast , the Irish Sea to the south , and more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides . The Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the European Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707 . By inheritance in 1603 , James VI , King of Scots , became king of England and Ireland , thus forming a personal union of the three kingdoms . Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with England on 1 May 1707 to create the new Kingdom of Great Britain . The union also created a new Parliament of Great Britain , which succeeded both the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England . In 1801 , Great Britain entered into a political union with Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ( in 1922 , the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in 1927 ) . Within Scotland , the monarchy of the United Kingdom has continued to use a variety of styles , titles and other royal symbols of statehood specific to the pre-union Kingdom of Scotland . The legal system within Scotland has also remained separate from those of England and Wales and Northern Ireland ; Scotland constitutes a distinct jurisdiction in both public and private law . The continued existence of legal , educational , religious and other institutions distinct from those in the remainder of the UK have all contributed to the continuation of Scottish culture and national identity since the 1707 union with England . In 1997 , a Scottish Parliament was re-established , in the form of a devolved unicameral legislature comprising 129 members , having authority over many areas of domestic policy . The head of the Scottish Government is the first minister of Scotland , who is supported by the deputy first minister of Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelsey_Plum", "text": "Kelsey Christine Plum ( born August 24 , 1994 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Las Vegas Aces of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . She completed her high school education at La Jolla Country Day School in La Jolla , a community that is part of San Diego , California . Plum attended and played college basketball for the University of Washington . On February 25 , 2017 , Plum scored a career-high 57 points on senior night - making 19 of the 28 shots she took - to break the NCAA Division I women 's basketball all-time scoring record with 3,397 points . On March 20 , 2017 Plum broke the NCAA record for points in a single season with 1,080 . She was selected with the first overall pick in the 2017 WNBA Draft by the San Antonio Stars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mickey_Sullivan", "text": "Mickey Sullivan ( February 6 , 1932 - March 22 , 2012 ) was the head baseball coach at Baylor from 1974 to 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cambodia", "text": "Cambodia ( /kæmˈboʊdiə/ ( listen ) ; also Kampuchea /ˌkæmpʊˈtʃiːə/ ; Khmer : កម្ពុជា [ kam.pu.ciə ] ; French : Cambodge ) , officially the Kingdom of Cambodia ( Khmer : ព្រះរាជាណាចក្រកម្ពុជា , prĕəh riəciənaacak kampuciə , IPA : [ prĕəh riə.ciə.naː.caʔ kam.pu.ciə ] ; French : Royaume du Cambodge ) , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia . It is 181,035 square kilometres ( 69,898 square miles ) in area , bordered by Thailand to the northwest , Laos to the northeast , Vietnam to the east and the Gulf of Thailand to the southwest . The sovereign state of Cambodia has a population of over 15 million . The official religion is Theravada Buddhism , practised by approximately 95 percent of the population . Cambodia 's minority groups include Vietnamese , Chinese , Chams and 30 hill tribes . The capital and largest city is Phnom Penh , the political , economic and cultural centre of Cambodia . The kingdom is an elective constitutional monarchy with a monarch , currently Norodom Sihamoni , chosen by the Royal Council of the Throne as head of state . The head of government is the Prime Minister , currently Hun Sen , the longest serving non-royal leader in Southeast Asia , ruling Cambodia since 1985 . In 802 AD , Jayavarman II declared himself king , uniting the warring Khmer princes of Chenla under the name Kambuja . This marked the beginning of the Khmer Empire , which flourished for over 600 years , allowing successive kings to control and exert influence over much of Southeast Asia and accumulate immense power and wealth . The Indianised kingdom facilitated the spread of first Hinduism and then Buddhism to much of Southeast Asia and undertook many religious infrastructural projects throughout the region , including the construction of more than 1,000 temples and monuments in Angkor alone . Angkor Wat is the most famous of these structures and is designated as a World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princeton_University", "text": "Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton , New Jersey . Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the College of New Jersey , Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution . [ a ] The institution moved to Newark in 1747 , then to the current site nine years later , and renamed itself Princeton University in 1896 . Princeton provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities , social sciences , natural sciences , and engineering . It offers professional degrees through the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs , the School of Engineering and Applied Science , the School of Architecture and the Bendheim Center for Finance . The university has ties with the Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton Theological Seminary and the Westminster Choir College of Rider University . [ b ] Princeton has the largest endowment per student in the United States . From 2001 to 2018 , Princeton University was ranked either first or second among national universities by U.S. News & World Report , holding the top spot for 16 of those 18 years . As of November 2019 , 68 Nobel laureates , 15 Fields Medalists and 13 Turing Award laureates have been affiliated with Princeton University as alumni , faculty members or researchers . In addition , Princeton has been associated with 21 National Medal of Science winners , 5 Abel Prize winners , 5 National Humanities Medal recipients , 209 Rhodes Scholars , 139 Gates Cambridge Scholars and 126 Marshall Scholars . Two U.S. Presidents , twelve U.S. Supreme Court Justices ( three of whom currently serve on the court ) and numerous living billionaires and foreign heads of state are all counted among Princeton 's alumni body . Princeton has also graduated many prominent members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jane_Albright", "text": "Jane Gibson Albright ( born May 26 , 1955 ) is an American women 's college basketball coach who is the former head coach at Nevada . Albright was previously head coach at Northern Illinois from 1984 to 1994 , Wisconsin from 1994 to 2003 , and Wichita State from 2003 to 2008 . She announced her retirement from Nevada on March 1 , 2017 , effective at the end of the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massimo_Carrera", "text": "Massimo Carrera ( ; born 22 April 1964 ) is an Italian professional football manager and former player , who is currently the head coach of Greek Super League Greece club AEK Athens . Nicknamed La Bandera , he played as a defender for various European clubs , including Juventus , which he later managed and the Italy national team . Between 2016 and 2018 , Carrera was the manager of Spartak Moscow for three consecutive seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Soul_music", "text": "Soul music ( often referred to simply as soul ) is a popular music genre that originated in the African American community in the United States in the 1950s and early 1960s . It combines elements of African-American gospel music , rhythm and blues and jazz . Soul music became popular for dancing and listening in the United States , where record labels such as Motown , Atlantic and Stax were influential during the Civil Rights Movement . Soul also became popular around the world , directly influencing rock music and the music of Africa . According to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , soul is music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky , secular testifying . Catchy rhythms , stressed by handclaps and extemporaneous body moves , are an important feature of soul music . Other characteristics are a call and response between the lead vocalist and the chorus and an especially tense vocal sound . The style also occasionally uses improvisational additions , twirls and auxiliary sounds . Soul music reflected the African-American identity and it stressed the importance of an African-American culture . The new-found African-American consciousness led to new styles of music , which boasted pride in being black . Soul music dominated the U.S. R & B chart in the 1960s , and many recordings crossed over into the pop charts in the U.S. , Britain and elsewhere . By 1968 , the soul music genre had begun to splinter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fin_swimming", "text": "Finswimming is an underwater sport consisting of four techniques involving swimming with the use of fins either on the water 's surface using a snorkel with either monofins or bifins or underwater with monofin either by holding one 's breath or using open circuit scuba diving equipment . Events exist over distances similar to swimming competitions for both swimming pool and open water venues . Competition at world and continental level is organised by the Confédération Mondiale des Activités Subaquatiques ( CMAS ) . The sport 's first world championship was held in 1976 . It also has been featured at the World Games as a trend sport since 1981 and was demonstrated at the 2015 European Games in June 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Gunn", "text": "Timothy MacKenzie Gunn ( born July 29 , 1953 ) is an American fashion consultant , television personality , actor , voice actor and author . He served on the faculty of Parsons The New School for Design from 1982 to 2007 and was chair of fashion design at the school from August 2000 to March 2007 , after which he joined Liz Claiborne as its chief creative officer . Over 16 seasons Gunn has become well known as the on-air mentor to designers on the reality television program Project Runway . Gunn 's popularity on Project Runway led to two spin-off shows , Bravo 's Tim Gunn 's Guide to Style and Lifetime 's Under the Gunn , as well as five books . In addition to being an executive producer , Gunn has served as mentor for the teen designers on Project Runway : Junior . He also provides the voice of Baileywick , the castle steward in the Disney Junior television show Sofia the First and narrated the sitcom Mixology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gawdawpalin_Temple", "text": "Gawdawpalin Temple ( Burmese : ကောတော့ပလ္လင်ဘုရား , IPA : [ ɡɔ́dɔ̰pəlɪ̀ɰ̃ pʰəjá ] ) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan , Burma ( Myanmar ) . Construction of the pagoda began during the reign of Narapatisithu ( 1174-1211 ) :178 and completed on 26 March 1227 during the reign of Htilominlo ( 1211-1235 ) . Gawdawpalin Temple is the second tallest temple in Bagan . The temple is similar in layout to Thatbyinnyu Temple . Gawdawpalin Temple is two storeys tall , and contains three lower terraces and four upper terraces . The temple was heavily damaged during the 1975 earthquake and was reconstructed in following years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajajinagar", "text": "Rajajinagar is a residential locality and business hub in the west of Bangalore . It 's one of the zones of BBMP . It is bordered by Basaveshwaranagar , Malleshwaram , Mahalakshmipuram alias West of Chord road 2nd stage , Mahalakshmi Layout , Vijayanagar and Rajajinagar Industrial Suburb . It serves as a centre place to all in Bangalore . 70th Birthday to Rajajinagara ! Inaugurated by Maharaja 's of Mysore Jayachamaraja Wadiyar , Rajajinagar Pillar on 03/07/1949 . 70th birthday to Rajajinagara Named after statesman C Rajagopalachari , a plaque in the Rajajinagar pillar indicates that 1,000 acres of land given for the locality was divided into industrial and housing areas . The former consisted of 140 acres for textiles , 220 acres for machinery , 100 acres for chemical plants and 40 acres for the food sector . About 4,000 housing plots were created in the remaining 500 acres . Rajajinagar was built at an estimated cost of Rs 50 lakh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_Brown", "text": "Edmund Gerald Brown Jr. ( born April 7 , 1938 ) is an American retired politician who served as the 34th and 39th governor of California from 1975 to 1983 and from 2011 to 2019 . A member of the Democratic Party , Brown served as California Attorney General from 2007 to 2011 . He was both the oldest and sixth-youngest governor of California as a consequence of the 28-year gap between his second and third terms . Upon completing his fourth term in office , Brown became the third longest-serving governor in United States history , serving 16 years and 7 days in office . Brown was born in San Francisco as the son of Bernice Layne Brown and Pat Brown , who served as the 32nd governor of California ( 1959-1967 ) . After graduating from the University of California , Berkeley and Yale University , he began his political career as a member of the Los Angeles Community College District Board of Trustees ( 1969-1971 ) . He was elected to serve as the 23rd Secretary of State of California from 1971 to 1975 . At 36 , Brown was elected to his first term as governor of California in 1974 , making him the youngest California governor in 111 years . In 1978 , he won his second term . During and following his first governorship , Brown ran as a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1976 , 1980 and 1992 . He declined to pursue a third term in 1982 , instead making an unsuccessful run for the United States Senate that same year . After traveling abroad , he returned to California and served as Chairman of the California Democratic Party ( 1989-1991 ) , attempting to run for President once more in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Medan_Tuanku_Monorail_station", "text": "Medan Tuanku Monorail station is a Malaysian elevated monorail train station that serves as a part of the Kuala Lumpur Monorail ( KL Monorail ) , located in Kuala Lumpur and opened alongside the rest of the train service on August 31 , 2003 . This station was formerly called Wawasan Monorail station . The station is situated above Jalan Sultan Ismail , just south of Chow Kit and located east from an intersection with Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman ; it marks the start and end of the Monorail line that runs parallel along Sultan Ismail Road , until the Bukit Bintang station , after which the line turns west to Jalan Imbi at the both road intersection . The station is situated in and named after Medan Tuanku , a small district connected to Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman , Jalan Sultan Ismail and Jalan Dang Wangi via backroads ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christijan_Albers", "text": "Christijan Albers ( Christijan Albers ( help·info ) ) ( born 16 April 1979 in Eindhoven ) is a Dutch professional racing driver . After success in the DTM he drove in Formula One from 2005 until the 2007 British Grand Prix , shortly after which he was dropped by the Spyker F1 team . In 2008 , he returned to the DTM series as a driver for the Audi Futurecom TME team . Albers acted as Team Principal and CEO of the Caterham F1 Team from July to September 2014 after it was acquired by new team owners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/General_Electric", "text": "General Electric Company ( GE ) is an American multinational conglomerate incorporated in New York City and headquartered in Boston . As of 2018 [ update ] , the company operates through the following segments : aviation , healthcare , power , renewable energy , digital industry , additive manufacturing , venture capital and finance and lighting . In 2018 , GE ranked among the Fortune 500 as the 18th-largest firm in the U.S. by gross revenue . In 2011 , GE ranked among the Fortune 20 as the 14th-most profitable company but has since very severely underperformed the market ( by about 75% ) as its profitability collapsed . Two employees of GE - Irving Langmuir ( 1932 ) and Ivar Giaever ( 1973 ) - have been awarded the Nobel Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saarburg", "text": "Saarburg is a city of the Trier-Saarburg district in the Rhineland-Palatinate state of Germany , on the banks of the Saar River in the hilly country a few kilometers upstream from the Saar 's junction with the Moselle . Now known as a tourist attraction , the Leuk River flows into the town center and makes a spectacular drop of some 60 feet before joining the larger Saar River that bisects the town . The waterfall is the result of a 13th-century project to redirect the Leuk through the city center . Saarburg is the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde ( collective municipality ) Saarburg-Kell . The area around Saarburg is noted for the cultivation of Riesling grapes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Senate_election_in_Indiana,_2012", "text": "The 2012 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 6 , 2012 , concurrently with the U.S. presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections . Incumbent Republican U.S . Senator Richard Lugar ran for reelection to a seventh term , but was defeated in the primary by Tea Party-backed Richard Mourdock . U.S. Representative Joe Donnelly , a Democrat from Indiana 's 2nd congressional district , was unopposed in his party 's primary , and then defeated both Mourdock and Libertarian Andrew Horning in the general election . As of 2020 , this is the last time a Democrat was elected to the U.S. Senate in Indiana , and the most recent Senate election in which an elected incumbent was defeated in the primary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lewis_University", "text": "Lewis University is a private Roman Catholic and Lasallian university in Romeoville , Illinois . The enrollment is currently around 6,800 students . Lewis offers more than 80 undergraduate majors and programs of study , 22 graduate programs , and accelerated programs for working adults ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Out_Skerries", "text": "The Out Skerries are an archipelago of islets , some inhabited , in Shetland , Scotland , and are the easternmost group of Shetland 's islands . Locally , they are usually called Da Skerries or just Skerries . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Goaltender", "text": "In ice hockey , the goaltender or goalie is the player responsible for preventing the hockey puck from entering their team 's net , thus preventing the opposing team from scoring . The goaltender usually plays in or near the area in front of the net called the goal crease ( often referred to simply as the crease or the net ) . Goaltenders tend to stay at or beyond the top of the crease to cut down on the angle of shots . In today 's age of goaltending there are two common styles , butterfly and hybrid ( hybrid is a mix of the traditional stand-up style and butterfly technique ) . Because of the power of shots , the goaltender wears special equipment designed to protect the body from direct impact . The goalie is one of the most valuable players on the ice , as their performance can greatly change the outcome or score of the game . One-on-one situations , such as breakaways and shootouts , have the tendency to highlight a goaltender 's pure skill , or lack thereof . No more than one goaltender is allowed to be on the ice for each team at any given time . Teams are not required to use a goaltender and may instead opt to play with an additional skater , but the defensive disadvantage this poses generally means that the strategy is only used as a desperation maneuver when trailing late in a game or can be used if the opposing team has a delayed penalty ( if the team receiving the penalty touches the puck the play will stop ) . The goaltender is also known as the goalie , goaler , goalkeeper , net minder , and tender by those involved in the hockey community . In the early days of the sport , the term was spelled with a hyphen as goal-tender . The art of playing the position is called goaltending and there are coaches , usually called the goalie coach who specialize exclusively in working with goaltenders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Time_(magazine)", "text": "Time is an American weekly news magazine and news website published in New York City . It was founded in 1923 and for many years it was run by its influential co-founder Henry Luce . A European edition ( Time Europe , formerly known as Time Atlantic ) is published in London and also covers the Middle East , Africa , and , since 2003 , Latin America . An Asian edition ( Time Asia ) is based in Hong Kong . The South Pacific edition , which covers Australia , New Zealand , and the Pacific Islands , is based in Sydney . In December 2008 , Time discontinued publishing a Canadian advertiser edition . Time has the world 's largest circulation for a weekly news magazine . The print edition has a readership of 26 million , 20 million of whom are based in the United States . In mid-2012 , its circulation was over 3 million , which fell to 2 million by late 2017 . Formerly published by Time Inc. , since November 2018 Time has been published by TIME USA , LLC , owned by Marc Benioff who acquired it from Meredith Corporation two months earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gen:Lock", "text": "Gen : Lock ( stylized as gen : LOCK ) is an American animated web series created by Gray Haddock and produced by Rooster Teeth . It is set in a dystopian future Earth where an international coalition known as The Polity fights a hostile , autocratic invading force known as The Union . The show follows the gen : LOCK program and its members , who participate in the development and testing of an experimental technology which allows for individuals with unique mental make ups to have their minds uploaded to giant suits of mecha armor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Secret_of_Monkey_Island", "text": "The Secret of Monkey Island is a 1990 point-and-click graphic adventure game developed and published by Lucasfilm Games . It takes place in a fictional version of the Caribbean during the age of piracy . The player assumes the role of Guybrush Threepwood , a young man who dreams of becoming a pirate and explores fictional islands while solving puzzles . The game was conceived in 1988 by Lucasfilm employee Ron Gilbert , who designed it with Tim Schafer and Dave Grossman . Gilbert 's frustrations with contemporary adventure titles led him to make the player character 's death almost impossible , which meant that gameplay focused the game on exploration . The atmosphere was based on that of the Pirates of the Caribbean theme park ride . The Secret of Monkey Island was the fifth game built with the SCUMM engine , which was heavily modified to include a more user-friendly interface . The early releases of the game came with copy-protection . A cardboard wheel , named Dial-a-Pirate , was provided , and the player had to match the pirate shown on-screen with that of the wheel . Critics praised The Secret of Monkey Island for its humor , audiovisuals , and gameplay . The game spawned a number of sequels , collectively known as the Monkey Island series . Gilbert , Schafer and Grossman also led the development of the sequel Monkey Island 2 : LeChuck 's Revenge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_4_×_400_metres_relay", "text": "The 4 × 400 metres relay races at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held on 29 and 30 September . The top two teams in each of the initial five heats automatically qualified for the semi-final . The next six fastest teams from across the heats also qualified . The top three teams in each of the semi-finals automatically qualified for the final . The next two fastest team from the semi-finals also qualified . The United States , with Alvin Harrison , Antonio Pettigrew , Calvin Harrison and Michael Johnson , originally won the gold medal . On 18 July 2004 , the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) ruled that Jerome Young was ineligible to compete in Sydney and annulled all his past results , including those achieved as part of relay teams . Young had competed for the USA team in the heats and semi-final of this event . Therefore , the United States team was stripped of the gold medal and Nigeria , Jamaica , and the Bahamas were moved up one position each . On 22 July 2005 , the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) overturned this decision and restored the original finish order of the race based on a ruling that a team should be disqualified because of a doping offense by an athlete who did not compete in the finals . In June 2008 , Antonio Pettigrew admitted in U.S. court that he breached the rules by using banned performance-enhancing substances , and agreed to return his gold medal . Michael Johnson announced that he would return his own gold medal , won as part of the relay team with Pettigrew ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adam_Henley", "text": "Adam David Henley ( born 14 June 1994 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bradford City . He primarily operates in the right-back , but can also be deployed at left-back . Born in Tennessee , USA to a Welsh mother and American father , he moved with his family when he was two years old to England , where he was raised ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liberty_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Liberty Presbyterian Church is a historic church on North Church Street in Liberty , Mississippi . It was built in 1850 , and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 . The current pastor of the church is Walt Gaston ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halloween", "text": "Halloween or Hallowe'en ( a contraction of Hallows ' Even or Hallows ' Evening ) , also known as Allhalloween , All Hallows ' Eve , or All Saints ' Eve , is a celebration observed in several countries on 31 October , the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows ' Day . It begins the three-day observance of Allhallowtide , the time in the liturgical year dedicated to remembering the dead , including saints ( hallows ) , martyrs , and all the faithful departed . It is widely believed that many Halloween traditions originated from ancient Celtic harvest festivals , particularly the Gaelic festival Samhain ; that such festivals may have had pagan roots ; and that Samhain itself was Christianized as Halloween by the early Church . Some believe , however , that Halloween began solely as a Christian holiday , separate from ancient festivals like Samhain . Halloween activities include trick-or-treating ( or the related guising and souling ) , attending Halloween costume parties , carving pumpkins into jack-o'-lanterns , lighting bonfires , apple bobbing , divination games , playing pranks , visiting haunted attractions , telling scary stories , as well as watching horror films . In many parts of the world , the Christian religious observances of All Hallows ' Eve , including attending church services and lighting candles on the graves of the dead , remain popular , although elsewhere it is a more commercial and secular celebration . Some Christians historically abstained from meat on All Hallows ' Eve , a tradition reflected in the eating of certain vegetarian foods on this vigil day , including apples , potato pancakes , and soul cakes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tejaswini_Sawant", "text": "Tejaswini Sawant ( born 12 September 1980 ) is an Indian shooter from the Maharashtrian city of Kolhapur . Her father Ravindra Sawant was an officer in the Indian Navy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fountain,_Colorado", "text": "Fountain is a Home Rule Municipality located in El Paso County , Colorado , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city 's population was 25,846 . Fountain is located 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of downtown Colorado Springs and just east of Fort Carson . Fountain and the Colorado Springs suburbs Security and Widefield make up the Fountain Valley community ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1894_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1894 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salida,_CO", "text": "Salida ( /səˈlaɪdə/ sə-LY-də ; Spanish : [ saˈliða ] , exit ) is a statutory city that is the county seat and most populous city of Chaffee County , Colorado , United States . The population was 5,236 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claude_Lelouch", "text": "Claude Barruck Joseph Lelouch ( French : [ ləluʃ ] ; born 30 October 1937 ) is a French film director , writer , cinematographer , actor and producer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Schneider_(writer)", "text": "Peter Schneider ( born 21 April 1940 in Lübeck ) is a German writer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercury_Records", "text": "Mercury Records was an American record label owned by Universal Music Group . In the US , it operated through Island Records ; in the UK , it was distributed by Virgin EMI Records . Since the separation of Island Records , Motown , Mercury Records , and Def Jam Recordings combining the Island Def Jam Music Group , Mercury Records has been placed under Island Records , although its back catalogue is still owned by The Island Def Jam Music Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Location_identifier", "text": "A location identifier is a symbolic representation for the name and the location of an airport , navigation aid , or weather station , and is used for manned air traffic control facilities in air traffic control , telecommunications , computer programming , weather reports , and related services ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhoads_Opera_House_fire", "text": "The Rhoads Opera House Fire occurred on Monday evening , January 13 , 1908 in Boyertown , Pennsylvania . The opera house caught fire during a stage play sponsored by nearby St. John 's Lutheran Church . The fire started when a kerosene lamp being used for stage lighting was knocked over starting a fire on the stage . In short order the spreading fire ignited a mixture of lighting gas and oxygen from a malfunctioning stereopticon machine being used to present a magic lantern show at intermission . Audience members waited for the fire to be extinguished by theatre personnel , wasting the precious minutes they needed to escape safely . The stage and auditorium were located on the 2nd floor and the few emergency exits available were either unmarked or blocked . Two fire escapes were available but were only accessible through latched windows whose sills were located 3​1⁄2 feet above the floor . Of the approximately 400 men , women , and children either in attendance or associated with the performance of the play , 171 perished in various ways as they tried to escape the conflagration . In the panic to escape many were crushed in the narrow main entrance stairway as well as against the jammed main exit swinging doors of the 2nd floor auditorium . In a few instances entire families were wiped out . One firefighter John Graver , was also killed while responding to the incident ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shreveport,_Louisiana", "text": "Shreveport ( /ˈʃriːvpɔːrt/ SHREEV-port ) is a city in the U.S. state of Louisiana . It is the most populous city in the Shreveport-Bossier City metropolitan area . Shreveport ranks third in population in Louisiana after New Orleans and Baton Rouge and 133rd in the U.S . The bulk of Shreveport is in Caddo Parish , of which it is the parish seat . Shreveport extends along the west bank of the Red River ( most notably at Wright Island , the Charles and Marie Hamel Memorial Park , and Bagley Island ) into neighboring Bossier Parish . The population of Shreveport was 199,311 as of the 2010 U.S. Census . The United States Census Bureau 's 2018 estimates for the city 's population decreased to 188,987 , and grew to an estimated 189,149 . Shreveport was founded in 1836 by the Shreve Town Company , a corporation established to develop a town at the juncture of the newly navigable Red River and the Texas Trail , an overland route into the newly independent Republic of Texas . Prior to Texas becoming independent , this trail entered Mexico . The city grew throughout the 20th century and , after the discovery of oil in Louisiana , became a national center for the oil industry . Standard Oil of Louisiana ( absorbed by Standard Oil of New Jersey and now part of ExxonMobil ) and United Gas Corporation ( now part of Pennzoil ) were headquartered in the city until the 1960s and 1980s . After the loss of jobs in the oil industry , the close of Shreveport Operations ( a General Motors vehicle factory ) , and other economic problems the city struggled with a declining population , poverty , drugs and violent crime ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eaton_Square", "text": "Eaton Square is a grand , rectangular , [ a ] residential garden square in London 's Belgravia district . It is one of the three built by the Grosvenor family when they developed the main part of Belgravia in the 19th century all named after places in Cheshire - in this case Eaton Hall , the Grosvenor country house . It is larger but less grand than the central feature of the district , Belgrave Square , and both larger and grander than Chester Square . The first block was laid out by Thomas Cubitt from 1827 . In 2016 it was named as the Most Expensive Place to Buy Property in Britain , with a full terraced house costing on average 17 million pounds - many of such town houses have been converted , within the same , protected structures , into upmarket apartments . The six adjoining , tree-planted , central gardens of Eaton Square are Grade II listed on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens . All of the buildings ( №s 1-7 , 8-12A , 14-23 , 24 and 24a to 48 , 51-62 , 63-66 , Eaton House ( № 66a ) , 67-71 , 72 , 73-82 , 83-102 and 103-118 ) are statutorily listed , specifically at Grade II* save as to 1 to 7 and 63 to 66a which are in the mainstream , initial category of grade II . №s 103 to 105 are leased and internally converted into the Belgian Embassy , as is № 106 for the Bolivian Embassy . The red telephone booth , of K6 edition outside № 103 is Grade II listed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005_UCI_Mountain_Bike_World_Cup", "text": "The 2005 UCI Mountain Bike World Cup included four disciplines : marathon , cross-country , downhill and 4-cross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jochen_Pietzsch", "text": "Jochen Pietzsch ( born 1 December 1963 in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt ) is an East German luger who competed during the mid-1980s . Together with Jörg Hoffmann , he won two medals in the men 's doubles event with a gold in 1988 and a bronze in 1984 . Pietzsch also found great success at the FIL World Luge Championships with a total of six medals , including four gold ( Men 's doubles : 1983 , 1985 , 1987 ; Mixed team : 1990 ) and two bronzes ( Men 's doubles : 1989 , 1990 ) . He also won three medals at the FIL European Luge Championships with two golds ( Men 's doubles and mixed team : both 1990 ) and one silver ( Men 's doubles : 1986 ) . Pietzsch won the overall Luge World Cup title in men 's doubles in 1983-84 . He married cross-country skier Kerstin Mohring ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pertemps_Final", "text": "The Pertemps Final is a Grade Three National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older . It is run on the New Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 3 miles ( 2 miles 7 furlongs and 213 yards , or 4,785 metres ) , and during its running there are twelve hurdles to be jumped . It is a handicap race , and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Cheltenham Festival in March ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2018 AFC Cup was the 15th edition of the AFC Cup , Asia 's secondary club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) . Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya won the title for the third consecutive year , defeating Altyn Asyr in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surrey", "text": "Surrey ( /ˈsʌri/ SURR-ee ) is a county in South East England which borders Kent to the east , East Sussex to the southeast , West Sussex to the south , Hampshire to the west , Berkshire to the northwest , and Greater London to the northeast . With about 1.2 million people , Surrey is the twelfth most populous English county , the third most populous home county , after Kent and Essex , and the third most populous in the Southeast , after Hampshire and Kent . Surrey is a wealthy county . It has the highest GDP per capita of any English county , some of the highest property values outside Inner London , and also the highest cost of living outside the capital . It has the highest proportion of woodland of counties in England . It has four horse racing courses , and golf courses including the international competition venue at Wentworth . Guildford is popularly regarded as the county town , although Surrey County Council is based extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames . Surrey is divided into eleven districts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xbox_(console)", "text": "The Xbox is a home video game console and the first installment in the Xbox series of video game consoles manufactured by Microsoft . It was released as Microsoft 's first foray into the gaming console market on November 15 , 2001 , in North America , followed by Australia , Europe and Japan in 2002 . It is classified as a sixth generation console , competing with Sony 's PlayStation 2 and Nintendo 's GameCube . It was also the first major console produced by an American company since the Atari Jaguar ceased production in 1996 . Announced in 2000 , the Xbox was graphically powerful compared to its rivals , featuring a 733 MHz Intel Pentium III processor , a processor that could be found on a standard PC . It was also noted for its PC-like size and weight , and was the first console to feature a built-in hard disk . In November 2002 , Microsoft launched Xbox Live , a fee-based online gaming service that enabled subscribers to download new content and connect with other players through a broadband connection . Unlike online services from Sega and Sony , Xbox Live had support in the original console design through an integrated Ethernet port . The service gave Microsoft an early foothold in online gaming and would help the Xbox become a competitor in the sixth-generation of consoles . The popularity of blockbuster titles such as Bungie 's Halo 2 contributed to the popularity of online console gaming , and in particular first-person shooters . The Xbox had a record-breaking launch in North America , selling 1.5 million units before the end of 2001 , aided by the popularity of one of the system 's launch titles , Halo : Combat Evolved , which sold a million units by April 2002 . The system went on to sell a worldwide total of 24 million units , including 16 million in North America ; however , Microsoft was unable to make a steady profit off of the console , which had a manufacturing price far more expensive than its retail price , despite its popularity , losing over $ 4 billion during its market life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flash_(Jeff_Beck_album)", "text": "Flash is the fourth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck , released in July 1985 through Epic Records . The album reached No . 39 on the U.S . Billboard 200 chart as well as reaching the top 60 in four other countries . Two singles also charted , the first being a reunion with singer Rod Stewart ( from the Jeff Beck Group ) for a cover of People Get Ready by Curtis Mayfield/The Impressions , which reached No . 5 on Billboard 's Mainstream Rock and No . 48 on the Hot 100 , as well as the top 40 in four other countries . The second single , Gets Us All in the End , reached No . 20 on Mainstream Rock . The instrumental Escape went on to win the award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1986 Grammys , which was to be Beck 's first of many such awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ho_Chi_Minh_City", "text": "Ho Chi Minh City ( Vietnamese : Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh ; [ tʰàjŋ̟ fǒ hò cǐ mīŋ̟ ] ( listen ) or [ tʰàn fǒ hò cǐ mɨ̄n ] ) , also known by its former name of Saigon ( Vietnamese : Sài Gòn ; [ sàj ɣɔ̀n ] or [ ʂàj ɣɔ̀ŋ ] ) , is the most populous city in Vietnam with a population of 8.4 million ( 13 million in the metropolitan area ) as of 2017 . Located in southeastern Vietnam , the metropolis surrounds the Saigon River and covers about 2,061 square kilometres ( 796 square miles ) . From 1955 to 1975 , Saigon was the capital of the Republic of Vietnam , commonly known as South Vietnam . Ho Chi Minh City is the financial centre of Vietnam and is classified as a Beta+ World City by Globalization and World Cities Research Network . It is home to the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange , the largest stock exchange by total market capitalization in Vietnam and the headquarters of many national and international banks and companies . As a major gateway to Vietnam , the city received over 8.6 million international visitors in 2019 . The main passenger airport serving the metropolitan area is Tan Son Nhat International Airport , the busiest airport in Vietnam handling over 40 million passengers in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Funabashi,_Chiba", "text": "Funabashi ( 船橋市 , Funabashi-shi ) is a city located in Chiba Prefecture , Japan . As of February 2016 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 623,679 , and a population density of 7,280 persons per km² . The total area is 85.62 square kilometres ( 33.06 sq mi ) . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Wide_receiver", "text": "A wide receiver , also referred to as wideouts or simply receivers , is an offensive position in gridiron football , and is a key player . They get their name because they are split out wide ( near the sidelines ) , farthest away from the rest of the team . Wide receivers are among the fastest players on the field . The wide receiver functions as the pass-catching specialist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordin_Sparks", "text": "Jordin Brianna Sparks ( born December 22 , 1989 ) is an American singer , songwriter and actress . She rose to fame in 2007 after winning the sixth season of American Idol at age 17 , becoming the youngest winner in the series ' history . Her self-titled debut studio album , released later that year , was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) and has sold over two million copies worldwide . The album spawned the Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles Tattoo and No Air ; the latter , a collaboration with Chris Brown , is currently the third highest-selling single by any American Idol contestant , selling over three million digital copies in the United States . The song earned Sparks her first Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals . Sparks 's second studio album , Battlefield ( 2009 ) , debuted at number 7 on the Billboard 200 chart . Its title single reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 , making Sparks the only American Idol contestant to have her first five singles reach the top 20 in the United States . The second single , S.O.S . ( Let the Music Play ) , became Sparks 's first number one on the Hot Dance Club Play chart . Throughout her career , Sparks has received numerous accolades , including an NAACP Image Award , a BET Award , an American Music Award , a People 's Choice Award and two Teen Choice Awards . In 2009 , Billboard magazine ranked her as the 91st Artist of the 2000s Decade . In 2012 , Sparks was ranked at number 92 on VH1 's list of the 100 Greatest Women in Music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malaya_Marutha", "text": "Malaya Marutha ( English : Winds from the hills ) is a 1986 Musical Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan , Saritha and Madhavi in the lead roles . The film was directed and written by K. S. L. Swamy ( Lalitha Ravi ) and produced by C. V. L Shastry under Shastry Movies production house . Vijaya Bhaskar has composed the soundtrack and the background score ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rijeka", "text": "Rijeka ( /riˈɛkə , riˈeɪkə/ , also US : /riˈjɛkə/ , Croatian : [ rijěːka ] ( listen ) ; Hungarian : Fiume , Italian : Fiume [ ˈfjuːme ] ; Slovene : Reka ; German : Sankt Veit am Flaum ) is the principal seaport and the third-largest city in Croatia ( after Zagreb and Split ) . It is located in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County on Kvarner Bay , an inlet of the Adriatic Sea and has a population of 128,624 inhabitants . Historically , because of its strategic position and its excellent deep-water port , the city was fiercely contested , especially among Italy , Hungary ( serving as the Kingdom of Hungary 's largest and most important port ) , and Croatia , changing hands and demographics many times over centuries . According to the 2011 census data , the majority of its citizens are Croats , along with a large minority of Serbs , and smaller numbers of Bosniaks and Italians . Rijeka is the main city and county seat of the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County . The city 's economy largely depends on shipbuilding ( shipyards 3 . Maj and Viktor Lenac Shipyard ) and maritime transport . Rijeka hosts the Croatian National Theatre Ivan pl . Zajc , first built in 1765 , as well as the University of Rijeka , founded in 1973 but with roots dating back to 1632 School of Theology . Apart from Croatian and Italian , linguistically the city is home to its own unique dialect of the Venetian language , Fiuman , with an estimated 20,000 speakers among the autochthonous Italians , Croats and other minorities . Historically Fiuman served as the main lingua franca between the many ethnicities inhabiting the multiethnic port-town . In certain suburbs of the modern extended municipality the autochthonous population still speaks the Chakavian tongue , a dialect of the Croatian language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Giel", "text": "Paul Robert Giel ( September 29 , 1932 - May 22 , 2002 ) was an American football and baseball player from Winona , Minnesota . Giel attended the University of Minnesota , where he was a star single wing tailback for the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team . During his career at Minnesota he rushed for 2,188 yards and had 1,922 yards passing . Giel received the Chicago Tribune Silver Football as the Big Ten 's most valuable player twice , in 1952 and 1953 , was named an All-American twice . Giel was the captain of the football team in 1953 that featured an upset of No . 5 Michigan for the Little Brown Jug . That year , he was the runner-up to Johnny Lattner of Notre Dame for the Heisman Trophy . His 1,794 votes received are the most by any player not to win the award . He was United Press International 's college player of the year and the Associated Press back of the year . Giel was a pitcher for the Minnesota Golden Gophers baseball team . He was selected to the 1953 College Baseball All-America Team by the American Baseball Coaches Association . Giel was especially known for his speed and rapid cutting to change direction on the football field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newcastle_Light_Rail", "text": "The Newcastle Light Rail is a light rail system in Newcastle , New South Wales , running from Newcastle Interchange through the central business district to Pacific Park . Major construction commenced in September 2017 and the line was opened on 17 February 2019 . It is operated by Newcastle Transport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jason_Lamy-Chappuis", "text": "Jason Lamy-Chappuis ( born September 9 , 1986 ) is a Franco-American ski jumper and cross-country skier who has represented France in Nordic combined ski events between 2002 and 2015 . Born in the United States , where he first began competing in skiing events , Chappuis moved with his family to France as a child . Prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics , he had seen success in a number of international competitions , including World Cup events . He won the gold medal in the 10km individual normal hill at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada after passing race leader Johnny Spillane in a dramatic sprint at the finish line . His final time was only .4 seconds faster than Spillane 's , the closest finish in a Nordic combined race in Olympic history . Lamy-Chappuis , five times world champion and three times in a row winner of the overall classification of the Nordic Combined World Cup ( 2010 , 2011 , 2012 ) and also , winner of the sprint discipline in 2007 , is a member of the Bois d'Amont ski club in the French department of Jura . He works for the French border patrol in addition to pursuing his athletic career . He returned in World Cup competitions on 24 November 2017 , in Ruka , Finland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Katharine_McPhee", "text": "Katharine Hope McPhee Foster ( born March 25 , 1984 ) is an American actress , singer , and songwriter . In May 2006 , she was the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol . Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30 , 2007 , and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 , selling 381,000 copies ( as of December 2010 ) . The album 's first single , Over It , was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008 . Her second album , Unbroken , was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5 , 2010 , and debuted at No . 27 on the Billboard 200 . The album featured the single Had It All , which peaked at number 22 on the AC chart . It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011 . Her third album , the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You , was released on October 12 , 2010 . The album debuted at number 11 on the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart , while the single Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas peaked at number 16 on the Billboard AC chart . As of January 2011 , this album had sold 23,000 copies . McPhee released her fourth album , Hysteria , on September 18 , 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Houari_Boumediene_Airport", "text": "Houari Boumediene Airport ( Arabic : مطار هواري بومدين الدولي , French : Aéroport d'Alger Houari Boumédiène ) ( IATA : ALG , ICAO : DAAG ) , also known as Algiers Airport or Algiers International Airport , is an international airport serving Algiers , the capital of Algeria . It is located 9.1 NM ( 16.9 km ; 10.5 mi ) east southeast of the city . The airport is named after Houari Boumediene , a former president of Algeria . Dar El Beïda , the area at which the airport is located , was known as Maison Blanche ( White House ) , and the airport is called Maison Blanche Airport in much of the literature about the Algerian War of Independence . The Société de Gestion des Services et Infrastructures Aéroportuaires ( SGSIA ) , more commonly known as Airport of Algiers , is a Public Company established on 1 November 2006 to manage and operate the airport . The SGSIA has 2,100 employees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melbourne,_Florida", "text": "Melbourne /ˈmɛlbərn/ is a city in Brevard County , Florida , United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 76,068 . The municipality is the second-largest in the county by both size and population . Melbourne is a principal city of the Palm Bay - Melbourne - Titusville , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area . In 1969 the city was expanded by merging with nearby Eau Gallie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/20th_Century_Fox", "text": "20th Century Studios ( formerly 20th Century Fox ) is an American film studio that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios , a division of The Walt Disney Company . The studio is located on the Fox Studio Lot in the Century City area of Los Angeles . For over 83 years , it was one of the Big Six major American film studios formed from the merger of the Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures in 1935 . In 1985 , the studio was acquired by News Corporation , which was succeeded by 21st Century Fox in 2013 following the spin-off of its publishing assets . In 2019 , Disney acquired 20th Century Fox through its merger with 21st Century Fox . In 2020 , the studio was renamed to 20th Century Studios ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nassau_Fjord", "text": "Nassau Fjord or Nassau Fiord is a four mile long inlet in Alaska branching off from Prince William Sound . Nassau Fjord is glacially carved and also home to the famous tidewater Chenega Glacier which shares a two mile long calving face with the Fjord . The Princeton and Tigertail Glaciers both come terminate within one mile of the fjord 's waters as well . Due to the large amount of glacial activity in the fjord , it is a popular destination for many kayakers and boaters and features many icebergs . Most trips to the fjord leave from nearby Chenega or Whittier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felice_Andreasi", "text": "Felice Andreasi ( 8 January 1928 , in Turin - 25 December 2005 , in Cortazzone ) was an Italian film , television , and stage actor . He appeared in over 50 films in Italy between 1972 and 2005 . He was considered one of the leading stage actors in comic and satirical theatre in Milan . Andreasi won a Nastro d'Argento Best supporting Actor award for his role in Bread and Tulips ( 1999 ) . He died of Parkinson 's disease in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rabbit_Seasoning", "text": "Rabbit Seasoning is a 1952 Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Chuck Jones , and starring Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd . It is the sequel to Rabbit Fire , and the second entry in the Hunting trilogy directed by Jones and written by Michael Maltese ( the only major difference in format between them is that Rabbit Fire takes place during the spring , while Rabbit Seasoning takes place in autumn . The third cartoon , Duck ! Rabbit , Duck ! , takes place in the winter ) . Produced by Edward Selzer for Warner Bros. Cartoons , Inc. , the short was released to theaters on September 20 , 1952 by Warner Bros. Pictures and is considered to be among Jones ' best and most important films . In Jerry Beck 's 1994 book The 50 Greatest Cartoons , Rabbit Seasoning is listed at number 30 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBS", "text": "CBS ( an initialism of the network 's former name , the Columbia Broadcasting System ) is an American English-language commercial broadcast television and radio network that is the flagship property of the CBS Entertainment Group division of ViacomCBS . The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City ( at the CBS Broadcast Center ) and Los Angeles ( at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center ) . CBS is sometimes referred to as the Eye Network , in reference to the company 's trademark symbol , in use since 1951 . It has also been called the Tiffany Network , alluding to the perceived high quality of CBS programming during the tenure of William S. Paley . It can also refer to some of CBS 's first demonstrations of color television , which were held in a former Tiffany & Co. building in New York City in 1950 . The network has its origins in United Independent Broadcasters Inc. , a collection of 16 radio stations purchased by Paley in 1928 and renamed the Columbia Broadcasting System . Under Paley 's guidance , CBS would first become one of the largest radio networks in the United States , and eventually one of the Big Three American broadcast television networks . In 1974 CBS dropped its former full name and became known simply as CBS , Inc . The Westinghouse Electric Corporation acquired the network in 1995 , renamed its corporate entity to the current CBS Broadcasting , Inc. in 1997 , and eventually adopted the name of the company it had acquired to become CBS Corporation . In 2000 CBS came under the control of the first Viacom , which was formed as a spin-off of CBS in 1971 . In late 2005 , Viacom split itself into two separate companies and re-established CBS Corporation through the spin-off of its broadcast television , radio , and select cable television and non-broadcasting assets , with the CBS television network at its core . CBS Corporation was controlled by Sumner Redstone through National Amusements , which also controlled the second Viacom until December 4 , 2019 , when the two separated companies agreed to re-merge to become the new single entity known as ViacomCBS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Underboss", "text": "Underboss ( Italian : sottocapo ) is a position within the leadership structure of certain organized crime groups , particularly in Sicilian , Greek , and Italian-American Mafia crime families . The underboss is second in command to the boss . The underboss is sometimes a family member , such as a son , who will take over the family if the boss is sick , killed , or imprisoned . However the position of street boss has somewhat challenged the rank of underboss in the modern era . The position was installed within the Genovese crime family since at least the mid 1960s . It has also been used in the Detroit crime family and the Chicago Outfit . The power of an underboss greatly varies ; some are marginal figures , while others are the most powerful individuals in the family . Traditionally they run day-to-day affairs of the family . In some crime families , the appointment is for life . If a new boss takes over a family with an existing underboss , that boss may marginalize or even murder the underboss appointed by his predecessor . On the other hand , if a boss is incarcerated , the underboss may become acting boss . As bosses often serve large periods of time in prison , an acting boss will often become the crime family 's effective boss ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unsung_Heroes_(Dixie_Dregs_album)", "text": "Unsung Heroes is the sixth Dixie Dregs album , published in 1981 . It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hale_(band)", "text": "Hale is a Filipino alternative rock band , formed in Manila , Philippines in 2004 . The group was originally consists of singer and guitarist Champ Lui Pio , bassist Sheldon Gellada , guitarist Roll Martinez and drummer Omnie Saroca . From the band 's formation , its line-up remained unchanged until the departure of Saroca in 2008 . He was replaced by Paolo Santiago and remains as the band 's drummer . In March 2017 , Chino David of Silent Sanctuary later joined as the fifth member of the band . Hale signed to EMI , now called the PolyEast Records in 2004 and released their self-titled debut album , Hale ( 2005 ) . The album was critically acclaimed ; resulting to their win in the Awit Awards Group of the Year award . The bands debut album included the single The Day You Said Goodnight brought them to mainstream success in Southeast Asia . The following year , the band released their second studio album Twilight ( 2006 ) which received mostly positive reviews and critical success . The band released their third album Above , Over and Beyond ( 2008 ) which received generally mixed reviews . It did not come up with expectations as their early albums and saw limited success . It is also the last album featuring original drummer Omnie Saroca ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buckpasser", "text": "Buckpasser ( 1963-1978 ) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that won 9 of his 11 race starts for international record winnings for a two-year-old of $ 586,090 . He was a leading broodmare sire in 1983 , 1984 , and 1989 . Buckpasser was a bay colt that was bred and owned by Ogden Phipps and foaled at Claiborne Farm in Paris , Kentucky . He was by the Horse of the Year-winner Tom Fool , and his dam was the stakes-winning mare Busanda , by the Triple Crown-winner War Admiral . Busandas second dam was the Blue Hen broodmare La Troienne ( FR ) . He was a half-brother to several other horses that included the stakes-winners Bupers ( won $ 221,688 ) and Bureaucracy ( $ 156,635 ) . Buckpasser was inbred in the fourth generation ( 4m x 4f ) to the French racehorse and influential sire Teddy . Racing official Dr. Manual Gilman said of him , Generally , every horse has about a hundred faults of conformation . I would defy anybody to pick a flaw in Buckpasser . Renowned horse painter Richard Stone Reeves said , Buckpasser was the most perfectly proportioned Thoroughbred I have ever seen . Only two horses , Secretariat and Affirmed , have since been in a class with Buckpasser ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Looking_Glass_Studios", "text": "Looking Glass Studios , Inc. ( formerly Blue Sky Productions and LookingGlass Technologies , Inc. ) was an American video game developer based in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The company was founded by Paul Neurath with Ned Lerner as Blue Sky Productions in 1990 , and merged with Lerner 's Lerner Research in 1992 to become LookingGlass Technologies . Between 1997 and 1999 , the company was part of AverStar , where it was renamed Looking Glass Studios . Following financial issues at Looking Glass , the studio shut down in May 2000. Notable productions by Looking Glass include the Ultima Underworld , System Shock and Thief series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft", "text": "Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond , Washington . It develops , manufactures , licenses , supports , and sells computer software , consumer electronics , personal computers , and related services . Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems , the Microsoft Office suite , and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers . Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface lineup of touchscreen personal computers . In 2016 , it was the world 's largest software maker by revenue ( currently Alphabet/Google has more revenue ) . The word Microsoft is a portmanteau of microcomputer and software . Microsoft is ranked No . 30 in the 2018 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4 , 1975 , to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for the Altair 8800 . It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s , followed by Microsoft Windows . The company 's 1986 initial public offering ( IPO ) , and subsequent rise in its share price , created three billionaires and an estimated 12,000 millionaires among Microsoft employees . Since the 1990s , it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions , their largest being the acquisition of LinkedIn for $ 26.2 billion in December 2016 , followed by their acquisition of Skype Technologies for $ 8.5 billion in May 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rice_Owls", "text": "Rice University athletic teams are known as the Rice Owls . The name comes from the owls in Rice 's crest . Rice participates in NCAA Division I athletics . A member of Conference USA , Rice sponsors teams in seven men 's and seven women 's NCAA sanctioned sports . Rice was a member of the Southwest Conference until its breakup in 1996 . Rice then joined the Western Athletic Conference before joining C-USA on July 1 , 2005 . Rice is the fifth-smallest school competing in NCAA Division I FBS football measured by undergraduate enrollment , just above the University of Tulsa 's 2,756 and the three FBS United States service academies 's approximate 4,500 . Rice 's sports rivalry include cross-town Houston Cougars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fawcett_Comics", "text": "Fawcett Comics , a division of Fawcett Publications , was one of several successful comic book publishers during the Golden Age of Comic Books in the 1940s . Its most popular character was Captain Marvel , the alter ego of radio reporter Billy Batson , who transformed into the hero whenever he said the magic word Shazam ! . Other characters published by Fawcett include Captain Video , Hopalong Cassidy , Ibis the Invincible , Bulletman and Bulletgirl , Spy Smasher , Captain Midnight , Phantom Eagle , Mister Scarlet and Pinky , Minute-Man , Commando Yank and Golden Arrow . Aside from the better known superhero books , Fawcett also published a short-lived line of horror comics during the early 1950s , a string of titles which included This Magazine Is Haunted , Beware ! Terror Tales , Worlds of Fear , Strange Suspense Stories , and Unknown World . Other genres included teenage humor ( Otis and Babs ) , funny animal ( Hoppy the Marvel Bunny ) , romance ( Sweethearts ) , war ( Soldier Comics ) and Western ( Lash LaRue , Six Gun Heroes ) . Fawcett also produced comics based on contemporary movie stars ( Tom Mix , Monte Hale ) and matinee serials ( Nyoka the Jungle Girl ) . The entire line was dropped in 1953 , when Fawcett closed down their comics publishing wing ( though many titles were picked up by Charlton Comics ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saturday_Night_Live_(season_41)", "text": "The forty-first season of the NBC comedy series Saturday Night Live premiered on October 3 , 2015 , during the 2015-2016 television season . The season premiered on October 3 , 2015 , with host & musical guest Miley Cyrus and concluded on May 21 , 2016 with host Fred Armisen and musical guest Courtney Barnett . Kate McKinnon won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her work in this season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Winthrop_Hackett", "text": "Sir John Winthrop Hackett Senior KCMG ( 4 February 1848 - 19 February 1916 ) , generally known as Winthrop Hackett , was a proprietor and editor of several newspapers in Western Australia , a politician and a University chancellor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_Bond_Racing", "text": "Colin Bond Racing was an Australian motor racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship between 1984 and 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Obelisk", "text": "An obelisk ( /ˈɒbəlɪsk/ ; from Ancient Greek : ὀβελίσκος obeliskos ; diminutive of ὀβελός obelos , spit , nail , pointed pillar ) is a tall , four-sided , narrow tapering monument which ends in a pyramid-like shape or pyramidion at the top . Originally they were called tekhenu by their builders , the Ancient Egyptians . The Greeks who saw them used the Greek term 'obeliskos ' to describe them , and this word passed into Latin and ultimately English . Ancient obelisks are monolithic ; that is , they consist of a single stone . Most modern obelisks are made of several stones ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OpenEmbedded", "text": "OpenEmbedded is a build automation framework and cross-compile environment used to create Linux distributions for embedded devices . The OpenEmbedded framework is developed by the OpenEmbedded community , which was formally established in 2003 . OpenEmbedded is the recommended build system of the Yocto Project , which is a Linux Foundation workgroup that assists commercial companies in the development of Linux-based systems for embedded products . The build system is based on BitBake recipes , which specify how a particular package is built , but also includes lists of dependencies and source code locations , as well as instructions on how to install and remove a compiled package . OpenEmbedded tools use these recipes to fetch and patch source code , compile and link binaries , produce binary packages ( ipk , deb , rpm ) , and create bootable images . Historically , OpenEmbedded 's collection of recipes were stored in a single repository , and the metadata was structured in a form now called OpenEmbedded-Classic . By 2010 , it had become increasingly difficult to manage the ever-growing number of recipes . To resolve this , recipe metadata was split into multiple layers . The lowest layer , which includes platform-independent and distribution-independent metadata is called OpenEmbedded-Core . Architecture-specific , application-specific and distribution-dependent instructions are applied in appropriate target support layers that can override or complement the instructions from lower layers . Additionally , changes to the recipes at the core layer are now managed with a pull model : instead of committing their changes directly to the repository ( as was previously the case ) , developers now send their patches to the mailing list . The patches , if approved , are then merged ( pulled ) by a maintainer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pueblo_Bonito", "text": "Pueblo Bonito ( Spanish for beautiful town ) is the largest and best-known great house in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , northern New Mexico . It was built by the Ancestral Puebloans who occupied the structure between AD 828 and 1126 . According to the National Park Service , Pueblo Bonito is the most thoroughly investigated and celebrated cultural site in Chaco Canyon . Planned and constructed in stages between AD 850 to AD 1150 by ancestral Puebloan peoples , this was the center of the Chacoan world . Anthropologist Brian Fagan has said that Pueblo Bonito is an archeological icon , as famous as England 's Stonehenge , Mexico 's Teotihuacan , or Peru 's Machu Picchu . In January 1941 , a section of the canyon wall known as Threatening Rock , or tse biyaa anii'ahi ( leaning rock gap ) in Navajo , collapsed as a result of a rock fall , destroying some of the structure 's rear wall and a number of rooms . The builders of Pueblo Bonito appear to have been well aware of this threat , but chose to build beneath the fractured stone anyway . The wall stood 97 feet ( 30 m ) high and weighed approximately 30,000 tons ; the Puebloans compensated by building structural reinforcements for the slab . In 2009 , traces of Mexican cacao from at least 1,200 miles ( 1,900 km ) away were detected in pottery sherds at Pueblo Bonito . This was the first demonstration that the substance , important in rituals , had been brought into the area that became the United States at any time before the Spanish arrived around 1500 . Cylindrical pottery jars , common in Central America , had previously been found there , but are rare . 111 jars have been found in Pueblo Bonito 's 800 or so rooms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Monica,_CA", "text": "Santa Monica ( Spanish : Santa Mónica ; Spanish for Saint Monica ) is a beachfront city in western Los Angeles County , California , United States . Situated on Santa Monica Bay , it is bordered on three sides by the city of Los Angeles - Pacific Palisades to the north , Brentwood on the northeast , West Los Angeles on the east , Mar Vista on the southeast , and Venice on the south . The 2010 U.S. Census population was 89,736 . Due in part to an agreeable climate , Santa Monica became a famed resort town by the early 20th century . The city has experienced a boom since the late 1980s through the revitalization of its downtown core , significant job growth and increased tourism . The Santa Monica Pier and Pacific Park remain popular destinations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CodeLite", "text": "CodeLite is a free and open-source IDE for the C , C++ , PHP , and JavaScript ( Node.js ) programming languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Haskell-class_attack_transport", "text": "Haskell-class attack transports ( APA ) were amphibious assault ships of the United States Navy created in 1944 . They were designed to transport 1,500 troops and their combat equipment , and land them on hostile shores with the ships ' integral landing craft . The Haskells were very active in the World War II Pacific Theater of Operations , landing Marines and Army troops and transporting casualties at Iwo Jima and Okinawa . Ships of the class were among the first Allied ships to enter Tokyo Bay at the end of World War II , landing the first occupation troops at Yokosuka . After the end of World War II , most participated in Operation Magic Carpet , the massive sealift of US personnel back to the United States . A few of the Haskell class were reactivated for the Korean War , with some staying in service into the Vietnam War . The Haskell class , Maritime Commission standard type VC2-S-AP5 , is a sub - type of the World War II Victory ship design . 117 were launched in 1944 and 1945 , with 14 more being finished as another VC2 type or canceled . Built by the War Shipping Administration under the Emergency Shipbuilding program ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Queensland_Cowboys", "text": "The North Queensland Cowboys are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Townsville , the largest city in North Queensland . They compete in Australia 's premier rugby league competition , the National Rugby League ( NRL ) . Since their foundation in 1995 , the club has appeared in three grand finals ( 2005 , 2015 and 2017 ) winning in 2015 , and has reached the finals ten times . The team 's management headquarters and home ground , North Queensland Stadium , currently known as Queensland Country Bank Stadium due to sponsorship rights , are located in the suburb of South Townsville . The Cowboys were admitted to the premiership for the 1995 ARL season . They played in the breakaway Super League competition in 1997 before continuing to compete in the re-unified National Rugby League competition the following year . After running into financial trouble in 2001 , the club was taken over by News Limited . In 2007 , the team was sold by News Limited to the Cowboys Leagues Club . In 2015 , the Cowboys played in the first all-Queensland Grand Final , defeating the Brisbane Broncos 17-16 in golden point to win their first premiership ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany_at_the_1994_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Germany at the 1994 Winter Olympics . 112 athletes , 79 men and 33 women participated in 11 sports . Germany came third in the medal rankings with 9 gold , 7 silver and 8 bronze medals . The biathlete Mark Kirchner was Germany 's flagbearer under the opening ceremony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulgaria", "text": "Bulgaria ( /bʌlˈɡɛəriə , bʊl-/ ( listen ) ; Bulgarian : България , romanized : Balgariya ) , officially the Republic of Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Република България , romanized : Republika Balgariya , IPA : [ rɛˈpublikɐ bɐɫˈɡarijɐ ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe . It is bordered by Romania to the north , Serbia and North Macedonia to the west , Greece and Turkey to the south , and the Black Sea to the east . The capital and largest city is Sofia ; other major cities are Plovdiv , Varna and Burgas . With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres ( 42,855 sq mi ) , Bulgaria is Europe 's 16th-largest country . One of the earliest societies in the lands of modern-day Bulgaria was the Neolithic Karanovo culture , which dates back to 6,500 BC . In the 6th to 3rd century BC the region was a battleground for Thracians , Persians , Celts and ancient Macedonians ; stability came when the Roman Empire conquered the region in AD 45 . The Eastern Roman , or Byzantine , Empire lost some of these territories to an invading Bulgar horde in the late 7th century . The Bulgars founded the First Bulgarian Empire in AD 681 , which dominated most of the Balkans and significantly influenced Slavic cultures by developing the Cyrillic script . This state lasted until the early 11th century , when Byzantine emperor Basil II conquered and dismantled it . A successful Bulgarian revolt in 1185 established a Second Bulgarian Empire , which reached its apex under Ivan Asen II ( 1218-1241 ) . After numerous exhausting wars and feudal strife , the Second Bulgarian Empire disintegrated in 1396 and its territories fell under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries . The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 resulted in the formation of the current Third Bulgarian State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1928–29_FAI_Cup", "text": "The FAI Cup 1928-29 [ A ] was the eighth edition of Ireland 's premier cup competition , The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup . The tournament began on 5 January 1929 and concluded on 6 April with the final replay held at Shelbourne Park , Dublin . An official attendance [ B ] of approximately 15,000 people watched Shamrock Rovers win the first of five FAI Cup titles in a row by defeating holders Bohemians ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1983_NFL_season", "text": "The 1983 NFL season was the 64th regular season of the National Football League . The season ended with Super Bowl XVIII when the Los Angeles Raiders defeated the Washington Redskins 38-9 at Tampa Stadium in Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Larian_Studios", "text": "Larian Studios is a Belgian video game developer founded in 1996 by Swen Vincke . It focuses on developing role-playing video games and has previously worked on educational games and a number of casino games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holbeach", "text": "Holbeach is a fenland market town in the South Holland district of southern Lincolnshire , England . The town lies 8 miles ( 13 km ) from Spalding ; 17 miles ( 27 km ) from Boston ; 20 miles ( 32 km ) from King 's Lynn ; 23 miles ( 37 km ) from Peterborough ; and 43 miles ( 69 km ) by road from the county town of Lincoln . It is on the junction of the A151 and A17 . The main High Street is the B1515 . The Prime Meridian of the world passes through the west of Holbeach and is marked with a millstone at Wignals Gate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Egham", "text": "Egham ( /ˈɛɡəm/ EG-əm ) is a town in the Runnymede borough of Surrey , in the south-east of England . It is part of the London commuter belt and has its own railway station . It adjoins , narrowly , junction 13 of the M25 motorway and is situated 19 miles ( 31 km ) WSW of London . It can be considered a university town as it has on its higher part , Egham Hill , the campus of Royal Holloway , University of London . Not far from this town , at Runnymede , Magna Carta was sealed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Hardy_Boys:_The_Hidden_Theft", "text": "The Hardy Boys : The Hidden Theft ( originally to be titled The Hardy Boys : The Tower Treasure ) is the first title in The Hardy Boys PC game series created by JoWood Productions and The Adventure Company . It was based on The Tower Treasure , the first book in the book series . The game was released September 30 , 2008 . A sequel was made called The Hardy Boys : The Perfect Crime ; this Hidden Object game was critically panned ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cheshire", "text": "Cheshire ( /ˈtʃɛʃər , -ɪər/ CHESH-ər , -⁠eer ; archaically the County Palatine of Chester ) is a county in North West England , bordering Merseyside and Greater Manchester to the north , Derbyshire to the east , Staffordshire and Shropshire to the south , and Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough in Wales to the west . Cheshire 's county town is the City of Chester ( 118,200 ) ; the largest town is Warrington ( 209,700 ) . Other major towns include Crewe ( 71,722 ) , Runcorn ( 61,789 ) , Widnes ( 61,464 ) , Ellesmere Port ( 55,715 ) , Macclesfield ( 52,044 ) , Winsford ( 32,610 ) and Northwich ( 19,924 ) . The county covers 905 square miles ( 2,344 km2 ) and has a population of around 1 million . It is mostly rural , with a number of small towns and villages supporting the agricultural and other industries which produce Cheshire cheese , salt , chemicals and silk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Debbie_McGee", "text": "Debra Ann Debbie McGee ( born 31 October 1958 ) is an English television , radio and stage performer who is best known as the assistant and widow of magician Paul Daniels . McGee is a former ballet dancer and for three years was artistic director of her own ballet company . She presents a Sunday morning show for BBC Radio Berkshire . McGee was a finalist in BBC 's 2017 Strictly Come Dancing , and as of January 2018 is a recurring member of the Loose Women panel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-61", "text": "STS-61 was the first Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission , and the fifth flight of the Space Shuttle Endeavour . The mission launched on 2 December 1993 from Kennedy Space Center in Florida . The mission restored the spaceborne observatory 's vision , marred by spherical aberration , with the installation of a new main camera and a corrective optics package . This correction occurred more than three and a half years after the Hubble was launched aboard STS-31 in April 1990 . The flight also brought instrument upgrades and new solar arrays to the telescope . With its very heavy workload , the STS-61 mission was one of the most complex in the Shuttle 's history . It lasted almost 11 days , and crew members made five spacewalks ( EVAs ) , an all-time record . Even the re-positioning of Intelsat VI on STS-49 in May 1992 required only four . The flight plan allowed for two additional EVAs , which could have raised the total number to seven . The final two contingency EVAs were not made . In order to complete the mission without too much fatigue , the five extravehicular working sessions were shared between two pairs of different astronauts alternating their shifts . During the flight , mission specialist Jeff Hoffman also spun a driedel for the holiday of Chanukah to a live audience watching via satellite ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Firewall_(film)", "text": "Firewall is a 2006 action thriller film directed by Richard Loncraine and written by Joe Forte . The film stars Harrison Ford as a banker who is forced by criminals , led by Paul Bettany , to help them steal $ 100 million . The film grossed almost $ 83 million and received negative reviews from critics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandy_Bay_Football_Club", "text": "The Sandy Bay Football Club was an Australian rules football club based in Sandy Bay , Tasmania . The team participated in the Tasmanian Football League from 1945 to 1997 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angels_Flight", "text": "Angels Flight is a landmark 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) narrow gauge [ citation needed ] funicular railway in the Bunker Hill district of Downtown Los Angeles , California . It has two funicular cars , Olivet and Sinai , running in opposite directions on a shared cable , on the 298 feet ( 91 m ) long inclined railway . The funicular has operated on two different sites , using the same cars and station elements . The original Angels Flight location , with tracks connecting Hill Street and Olive Street , operated from 1901 until it was closed in 1969 , when its site was cleared for redevelopment . The second Angels Flight location opened one half block south of the original location in 1996 , with tracks connecting Hill Street and California Plaza . It was shut down in 2001 , following a fatal accident , and took nine years to commence operations again . The railroad restarted operations on March 15 , 2010 . It was closed again from June 10 , 2011 to July 5 , 2011 , and then again after a minor derailment incident on September 5 , 2013 . The investigation of this 2013 incident led to the discovery of potentially serious safety problems in both the design and the operation of the funicular . Before the 2013 service suspension , the cost of a one-way ride was 50 cents ( 25 cents for Metro pass holders ) . Although it was marketed primarily as a tourist novelty , it was frequently used by local workers to travel between the Downtown Historic Core and Bunker Hill . In 2015 , the executive director of the nearby REDCAT arts center described the railroad as an important economic link , and there was pressure for the city to fund and re-open the railroad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Lindsay_of_the_Byres", "text": "Earl of Lindsay is a title in the Peerage of Scotland . It was created in 1633 for John Lindsay , 10th Lord Lindsay , who later inherited the ancient Earldom of Crawford . The two earldoms remained united until the death of the 22nd Earl of Crawford , also sixth Earl of Lindsay , in 1808 . Then the earldom of Lindsay passed to David Lindsay , while the earldom of Crawford became dormant because no-one could prove a claim to the title until 1848 . Both David , 7th Earl of Lindsay , and his successor Patrick , 8th Earl of Lindsay , died without sons , and the disputed claim over the earldom was resolved by the House of Lords in 1878 in favour of Sir John Trotter Bethune , 2nd Baronet . The subsidiary titles of the Earl are : Viscount of Garnock ( created 1703 ) , Lord Lindsay of The Byres ( 1445 ) , Lord Parbroath ( 1633 ) and Lord Kilbirnie , Kingsburn and Drumry ( 1703 ) , all in the Peerage of Scotland . The title Viscount Garnock is used as the courtesy title for the eldest son and heir to the Earl . The family seat is Lahill House , near Upper Largo , Fife ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saturn_Award", "text": "The Saturn Awards are American awards presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films ; they were initially created to honor science fiction , fantasy , and horror on film , but have since grown to reward other films belonging to genre fiction , as well as films on television and home media releases . The awards were originally referred to as Golden Scrolls . The Saturn Awards were created in 1973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morocco", "text": "Morocco ( /məˈrɒkoʊ/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : المغرب , romanized : al-maġhrib , lit . 'place the sun sets ; the west ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : lmeɣrib ; French : Maroc ) , officially the Kingdom of Morocco ( Arabic : المملكة المغربية , romanized : al-mamlakah al-maghribiyah , lit . 'The Western Kingdom ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵜⴰⴳⵍⴷⵉⵜ ⵏ ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : tageldit n lmaɣrib ; French : Royaume du Maroc ) , is a country located in the Maghreb region of North Africa . It overlooks the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to the west , with land border with Algeria to the east and Western Sahara to the south ( status disputed ) . Morocco also claims the exclaves of Ceuta , Melilla and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera , all of them under Spanish jurisdiction , as well as several small Spanish-controlled islands of its coast . The capital is Rabat and the largest city is Casablanca . Morocco spans an area of 710,850 km2 ( 274,460 sq mi ) and has a population of over 36 million . Since the foundation of the first Moroccan state by Idris I in 788 AD , the country has been ruled by a series of independent dynasties , reaching its zenith under Almoravid and Almohad rule , when it spanned parts of Iberia and northwestern Africa . The Marinid and Saadi dynasties resisted foreign domination into the 17th century , allowing Morocco to remain the only northwest African country to avoid Ottoman occupation . The Alaouite dynasty , which rules to this day , seized power in 1631 . The country 's strategic location near the mouth of the Mediterranean attracted the interest of Europe , and in 1912 , Morocco was divided into French and Spanish protectorates , with an international zone in Tangier . It regained its independence in 1956 , and has since remained comparatively stable and prosperous by regional standards , with the fifth largest economy in Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Braves", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Braves are the rookie-level minor league baseball affiliate of the Atlanta Braves . The team plays at CoolToday Park in North Port . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents from the United States , Canada , Dominican Republic , Venezuela , and other countries . The team traces its history to the earliest days of complex-based baseball . Initially based in Sarasota , Florida , it was a member of the short-lived Sarasota Rookie League ( 1964 ) and Florida Rookie League ( 1965 ) , and was a charter club in the Gulf Coast League when it formed in 1966 . The GCL Braves have operated from 1964 to 1967 and continuously since 1976 . In 2003 , the Gulf Coast Braves won a best-of-three series to defeat the Gulf Coast Pirates and become the Gulf Coast League champions . They did not make the playoffs in 2006 . In 2015 , the Gulf Coast Braves finished second in the Northeast division with a 27-33 record . They were 9.5 games behind the division-winning GCL Tigers , and did not make the playoffs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cats_&_Dogs:_The_Revenge_of_Kitty_Galore", "text": "Cats & Dogs : The Revenge of Kitty Galore ( also known as Cats & Dogs 2 or Cats & Dogs 2 : The Revenge of Kitty Galore ) is a 2010 American-Australian spy comedy film directed by Brad Peyton in his directional debut , produced by Andrew Lazar , Polly Johnsen , Greg Michael and Brent O'Connor with music by Christopher Lennertz and Shirley Bassey and written by Ron J. Friedman and Steve Bencich . The film stars Chris O'Donnell and Jack McBrayer . The film also stars the voices of James Marsden , Nick Nolte , Christina Applegate , Katt Williams , Bette Midler , Neil Patrick Harris , Sean Hayes , Joe Pantoliano , Michael Clarke Duncan , Wallace Shawn and Roger Moore . The film is a stand-alone sequel to the 2001 film Cats & Dogs , with more focus on its animal characters than the previous film , and was released on July 30 , 2010 by Warner Bros. Pictures . It received mostly negative reviews from film critics and it earned $ 112.5 million on an $ 85 million budget . A video game of the same title was developed by 505 Games and was released for the Nintendo DS on July 20 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selangor_FA", "text": "Football Association of Selangor ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor ) , commonly referred to as FA Selangor is a Malaysian professional football club based in the city of Shah Alam and competes in the Malaysia Super League , the top division of Malaysian football . Founded in 1936 as Football Association of Selangor ( FAS ) and the association start build its football development by forming the professional football team and known as FA Selangor . It currently plays their home games in the 80,372-capacity Shah Alam Stadium . Selangor is the most successful club in Malaysia , in terms of overall titles won . Domestically , Selangor have won a record 6 times Malaysia top division league champion which include 2 Super League titles that currently plays , 5 FA Cups champion , 33 Malaysia Cups champion and 8 Charity Cups titles . Beside that , Selangor also have won 2 times Premier League titles and between 1953 to 1973 , 7 FAM Cups titles where FAM Cup as a secondary knockout competition between teams only after Malaysia Cup . Selangor also the first club to qualified and enter the highest Asian continental tournament , Asian Club Championship and becoming the runner-up in 1967 , the first edition of the Asian top-flight continental club tournament , which is later branded as the AFC Champions League in 2002 . In a season of 1997 , 2005 and 2009 were the most successful years for Selangor . In 1997 season , the club won three trophies FA Cup , Malaysia Cup and Charity Cup and runner-up for the Agong 's Cup under the coach Steve Wicks . In 2005 season , the team won three trophies Premier League , FA Cup and Malaysia Cup under the coaching of Dollah Salleh while in 2009 season , the head coach , K. Devan leads the team winning three trophies Super League , FA Cup and Charity Cup . This is the first domestic doubles for the history of the club . Among those who are responsible for the success of Selangor are the presidents : Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj , Harun Idris , Mohd ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Clinton", "text": "William Jefferson Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III ; August 19 , 1946 ) is an American politician who served as the 42nd president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 . Prior to his presidency , he served as governor of Arkansas ( 1979-1981 and 1983-1992 ) and as attorney general of Arkansas ( 1977-1979 ) . A member of the Democratic Party , Clinton was known as a New Democrat , and many of his policies reflected a centrist Third Way political philosophy . He is the husband of former secretary of state and former U.S. senator Hillary Clinton . In 1998 , Clinton was impeached by the House of Representatives , becoming the second U.S. president to get impeached following Andrew Johnson . The impeachment was based on accusations that Clinton committed perjury and obstruction of justice for the purpose of concealing his affair with Monica Lewinsky , a 22-year-old White House intern . He was acquitted by the Senate and completed his term in office . Clinton was born and raised in Arkansas and attended Georgetown University , University College , Oxford , and Yale Law School . He met Hillary Rodham at Yale and married her in 1975 . After graduating from law school , Clinton returned to Arkansas and won election as the attorney general of Arkansas , serving from 1977 to 1979 . He later served as governor of Arkansas . As governor , he overhauled the state 's education system and served as chairman of the National Governors Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/For_the_Record_(Canadian_TV_series)", "text": "For the Record is a Canadian television drama anthology series that aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1986 . The series aired docudrama television films on contemporary social issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiziano_Ferro", "text": "Tiziano Ferro ( Italian pronunciation : [ titˈtsjaːno ˈfɛrro ] ; born 21 February 1980 ) is an Italian singer-songwriter , producer and author . He broke through in 2001 with his international hit single Perdono and has remained commercially successful since then , in several countries . Ferro has released a Spanish version of each of his albums , and has also sung in English , Portuguese , and French . Known as the modern face of Italian pop music , he frequently writes songs for other artists and has produced albums for Giusy Ferreri , Alessandra Amoroso and Baby K. Aside from his success as an artist , Ferro is well known for his personal struggles . Having been overweight as a teenager , he has been outspoken about his battles with food addiction and eating disorders . In October 2010 , at the height of his fame , Ferro came out as gay , having himself struggled with depression related to self-acceptance about his homosexuality . Ferro is currently one of the best-selling artists in Italy . Both his third album Nessuno è solo and fourth album Alla mia età were certified diamond . Despite his fears , his coming out did not negatively affect his career , as fifth album L'amore è una cosa semplice was the best-selling album of 2012 in Italy , and his first greatest hits album was supported by a stadium tour . As of 2015 , Ferro has sold over 15 million records worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1978", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1978 took place in Imst , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chichibunomiya_Rugby_Stadium", "text": "Chichibunomiya Rugby Stadium ( 秩父宮ラグビー場 , Chichibunomiya Ragubī-jō ) ( also called Prince Chichibu Memorial Stadium ) in the Aoyama district of central Tokyo is the spiritual home of Japanese rugby union and the headquarters of the Japan Rugby Football Union . Named for Prince Chichibu , the late brother of Emperor Hirohito , the venue is used mostly for rugby sevens and rugby union matches . It will be demolished . The space will be used for a parking lot for the 2020 Summer Olympics , after the olympics a new baseball stadium will be built where Chichibunomiya stood in order to replace Meiji Jingu Stadium , since Meiji will be also demolished . The space of old baseball stadium will be used to build a replacement rugby ground ."}
{"title": "/wiki/India", "text": "India ( Hindi : Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Hindi : Bhārat Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh-largest country by area , the second-most populous country , and the most populous democracy in the world . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; [ e ] China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago , evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE . By 1200 BCE , an archaic form of Sanskrit , an Indo-European language , had diffused into India from the northwest , unfolding as the language of the Rigveda , and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India . The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions . By 400 BCE , stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism , and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen , proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity . Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin . Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity , but also marked by the declining status of women , and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ante_Čačić", "text": "Ante Čačić ( ; born 29 September 1953 ) is a Croatian professional football manager who is the current manager of Pyramids FC . Čačić graduated on the Faculty of Physical Education at the University of Zagreb . He was one of the first ten football coaches in Croatia to get the UEFA Pro Licence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netball", "text": "Netball is a ball sport played by two teams of seven players . Netball is most popular in many Commonwealth nations , specifically in schools , and is predominantly played by women . According to the INF , netball is played by more than 20 million people in more than 80 countries . Major domestic leagues in the sport include the Netball Superleague in Great Britain , Suncorp Super Netball in Australia and the ANZ Premiership in New Zealand . Four major competitions take place internationally : the quadrennial World Netball Championships , the Commonwealth Games , and the yearly Quad Series and Fast5 Series . In 1995 , netball became an International Olympic Committee recognised sport , but it has not been played at the Olympics . Games are played on a rectangular court with raised goal rings at each end . Each team attempts to score goals by passing a ball down the court and shooting it through its goal ring . Players are assigned specific positions , which define their roles within the team and restrict their movement to certain areas of the court . During general play , a player with the ball can hold on to it for only three seconds before shooting for a goal or passing to another player . The winning team is the one that scores the most goals . Netball games are 60 minutes long ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victorian_State_League_Division_2", "text": "The Victorian State League Division 2 is the fourth tier soccer competition behind the National Premier Leagues Victoria , National Premier Leagues Victoria 1 and Victorian State League Division 1 in Victoria , Australia , and the fifth nationally , including the A-League . It is conducted by the Football Federation Victoria , the state 's football governing body ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_and_Lewis", "text": "Martin and Lewis were an American comedy duo , comprising singer Dean Martin and comedian Jerry Lewis . They met in 1945 and debuted at Atlantic City 's 500 Club on July 25 , 1946 ; the team lasted ten years to the day . Before they teamed up , Martin was a nightclub singer , while Lewis performed a comedy act lip-synching to records . They performed in nightclubs , and , starting in 1949 , on radio . Later they branched out into television and films . In their early radio days they performed as Martin and Lewis but later became hugely popular as Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis . These full names helped them launch successful solo careers after parting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Institut_Catholique_de_Paris", "text": "The Institut Catholique de Paris ( ICP ) , known in English as the Catholic University of Paris ( and in Latin as Universitas catholica Parisiensis ) , is a private university located in Paris , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bryan_DeCorso", "text": "Bryan DeCorso ( born May 29 , 1971 ) is a Canadian professional golfer . DeCorso was born in Guelph , Ontario . He got started in golf with his father , playing at the Victoria Park East course in Guelph . He earned a golf scholarship to Kent State University . He finished as runner-up to Warren Sye at the 1994 Canadian Amateur Championship . He turned professional late in 1994 , and won an event during his 1996 rookie season on the Canadian Professional Golf Tour . Struggles with his form led DeCorso to take a job as an on-course commentator during Canadian Tour coverage on The Golf Channel from 2001 to 2003 , and he left golf altogether for nine months in 2004 , working with his father as a building contractor . He returned to pro golf on mini-tours based in Florida , and gradually regained his form and interest . DeCorso earned full Nationwide Tour playing privileges in the 2007 PGA Tour qualifying process . Working with a new instructor , Greg Towne , he finished fourth at the Henrico County Open in late April 2008 , and then won the 2008 South Georgia Classic the next week . He had a good chance to qualify for the 2009 PGA Tour , but finished 50th in the Nationwide Tour Championship , and failed to make it into the top 25 . The top 25 money leaders on the Nationwide Tour money list at the end of the season automatically receive PGA Tour cards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mariusz_Siudek", "text": "Mariusz Krzysztof Siudek ( Polish pronunciation : [ ˈmarjuʂ ˈɕudɛk ] ; born 29 April 1972 in Oświęcim ) is a retired Polish pair skater who competed with wife Dorota Siudek ( Zagórska ) . They are the 1999 World bronze medalists , two-time ( 1999 , 2000 ) European silver medalists and two-time ( 2004 , 2007 ) European bronze medalists . They were the first Polish pair to win a medal at the World Championships . They now coach together in Toruń , Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Donskoy", "text": "Mark Semyonovich Donskoy ( Russian : Марк Семёнович Донско́й ; 6 March [ O.S . 21 February ] 1901 - 21 March 1981 ) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter . Mark Donskoy was born in Odessa in a Jewish family . During the Civil War , he served in the Red Army ( 1921-1923 ) , and was captured by the whites for ten months . Demobilized , he studied psychology and psychiatry at the Crimean medical school . In 1925 he graduated from the legal department of the Faculty of Social Sciences of the Crimean University named after M.V . Frunze in Simferopol . At the same time he worked in investigative bodies , in the Supreme Court of the Ukrainian SSR , and in the bar association . He released a collection of short stories about his life called Prisoners ( 1925 ) . Donskoy began his career in film in 1926 . He worked in the script department , then as an assistant director in Moscow , later as an editing assistant in Leningrad . In 1935 he became the first Soviet dubbing director , he dubbed the American film The Invisible Man ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puerto_Rico_Representative_district_29", "text": "Puerto Rico Representative district 29 is a representative district in Puerto Rico . Located in the center of the island , the district includes the cities of Cayey and Cidra . The district is currently represented by PPD representative José Aníbal Díaz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes-Benz_Superdome", "text": "The Mercedes-Benz Superdome , often referred to simply as the Superdome , is a domed sports and exhibition stadium located in the Central Business District of New Orleans , Louisiana , United States . It primarily serves as the home venue for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) , the home stadium for the Sugar Bowl , New Orleans Bowl in college football and the longtime rivalry football game of the SWAC Conferences Southern University and Grambling State University , known as the Bayou Classic ( held yearly , every Thanksgiving Weekend ) . It also houses their schools Battle of the Bands between The Southern University The Human Jukebox and Grambling States Tiger Marching Band . Plans were drawn up in 1967 by the New Orleans modernist architectural firm of Curtis and Davis and the building opened as the Louisiana Superdome in 1975 . Its steel frame covers a 13-acre ( 5.3 ha ) expanse and the 273-foot ( 83 m ) dome is made of a lamellar multi-ringed frame and has a diameter of 680 feet ( 210 m ) , making it the largest fixed domed structure in the world . It is adjacent to the Smoothie King Center . Because of the building 's size and location in one of the major tourist destinations of the United States , the Superdome routinely hosts major sporting events , including the Super Bowl , College Football Championship Game , and the Final Four in college basketball . The stadium was also the long-time home of the Tulane Green Wave football team of Tulane University until 2014 ( when they returned on-campus at Yulman Stadium ) and was the home venue of the New Orleans Jazz of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) from 1975 until 1979 . The Superdome gained international attention of a different type in 2005 when it housed thousands of people seeking shelter from Hurricane Katrina . The building suffered extensive damage as a result of the storm , and was closed for many months afterward . It was eventually decided the building would be fully refurbished and reopened in time for the Saints ' 2006 home opener on September 25 . On October 3 , 2011 , it was announced that German automaker Mercedes-Benz purchased naming rights to the stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Jose_State_Spartans_football", "text": "The San Jose State Spartans football team represents San José State University in NCAA Division I FBS college football as a member of the Mountain West Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panathenaic_Stadium", "text": "The Panathenaic Stadium ( Greek : Παναθηναϊκό Στάδιο , romanized : Panathinaïkó Stádio , [ panaθinaiˈko sˈtaðio ] ) [ a ] or Kallimarmaro ( Καλλιμάρμαρο , [ kaliˈmarmaro ] , lit . beautiful marble ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Athens , Greece . One of the main historic attractions of Athens , it is the only stadium in the world built entirely of marble . A stadium was built on the site of a simple racecourse by the Athenian statesman Lykourgos ( Lycurgus ) c. 330 BC , primarily for the Panathenaic Games . It was rebuilt in marble by Herodes Atticus , an Athenian Roman senator , by 144 AD and had a capacity of 50,000 seats . After the rise of Christianity in the 4th century it was largely abandoned . The stadium was excavated in 1869 and hosted the Zappas Olympics in 1870 and 1875 . After being refurbished , it hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the first modern Olympics in 1896 and was the venue for 4 of the 9 contested sports . It was used for various purposes in the 20th century and was once again used as an Olympic venue in 2004 . It is the finishing point for the annual Athens Classic Marathon . It is also the last venue in Greece from where the Olympic flame handover ceremony to the host nation takes place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Varese", "text": "Varese ( UK : /vəˈreɪzeɪ , -zi/ və-RAY-zay , -⁠zee , US : /vɑːˈreɪseɪ/ var-AY-say , Italian : [ vaˈreːze ] ( listen ) or [ vaˈreːse ] ; Varesino : Varés [ ʋaˈreːs ] ; Latin : Baretium ; archaic German : Väris ) is a city and comune in north-western Lombardy , northern Italy , 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) north-west of Milan . The population of Varese in 2018 has reached 80,559 . It is the capital of the Province of Varese . The hinterland or exurban part of the city is called Varesotto ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flatwoods,_Kentucky", "text": "Flatwoods is a home rule-class city in Greenup County , Kentucky , United States . Flatwoods is considered a suburb of nearby Ashland , although Ashland itself is located in neighboring Boyd County . The population of Flatwoods was 7,423 at the 2010 census , making Flatwoods the largest city in Greenup County . Flatwoods is a part of the Huntington-Ashland , WV-KY-OH , Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) . As of the 2010 census , the MSA had a population of 287,702 . Flatwoods is a home rule-class city . Locally , Flatwoods is considered to be a bedroom community , as it has no large employer within the city . Many residents work for CSX Transportation , AK Steel , Marathon Petroleum , King 's Daughters Medical Center or Our Lady of Bellefonte Hospital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1982", "text": "Miss World 1982 , the 32nd edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 18 November 1982 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . The winner was Mariasela Álvarez from the Dominican Republic . She was crowned by Miss World 1981 , Pilín León of Venezuela . The first and second runners-up were Sari Kaarina Aspholm from Finland and Della Dolan from the United Kingdom who were semi-finalists in Miss Universe 1982 four months before ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christine_Sinclair", "text": "Christine Margaret Sinclair , OC ( born June 12 , 1983 ) is a Canadian soccer player and captain of the Canadian national team . She plays professionally for the Portland Thorns FC in the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) and previously played for FC Gold Pride and Western New York Flash in the Women 's Professional Soccer ( WPS ) . A CONCACAF champion , two-time Olympic bronze medalist and 14-time winner of the Canada Soccer Player of the Year award , Sinclair is the world 's all-time leader for international goals scored for men or women with 186 goals , and is the most-capped active international footballer with 293 caps . She is also the second footballer of either gender to score at five World Cup editions , preceded by Marta . Having played over 20 seasons with the senior national team , Sinclair has played in five FIFA Women 's World Cups ( USA 2003 , China 2007 , Germany 2011 , Canada 2015 , France 2019 ) and three Olympic Football Tournaments ( Beijing 2008 , London 2012 , Rio 2016 ) . She has been shortlisted for FIFA World Player of the Year seven times , in 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2010 , 2012 , and 2016 . Sinclair has won championships with three professional teams : the 2010 WPS Championship with FC Gold Pride , the 2011 WPS Championship with Western New York Flash , and the 2013 and 2017 NWSL Championships with Portland Thorns FC . She won the national collegiate Division I championship twice , in 2002 and 2005 , with the University of Portland . In 2012 , she won the Lou Marsh Trophy as Canada 's athlete of the year , and the Bobbie Rosenfeld Award as Canada 's female athlete of the year . In September 2013 , Sinclair was inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame and in June 2017 , she was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada by Governor General David Johnston . In December 2019 , she was named the Canada Soccer 's Player of the Decade by the Canadian Soccer Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Citytv", "text": "Citytv ( branded simply as City from 2012 to 2018 ) is a Canadian television network owned by the Rogers Media subsidiary of Rogers Communications . The network consists of six owned-and-operated ( O & O ) television stations located in the metropolitan areas of Toronto , Montreal , Winnipeg , Calgary , Edmonton , and Vancouver , a cable-only service that serves the province of Saskatchewan , and three independently owned affiliates serving smaller cities in Alberta and British Columbia . The Citytv brand 's name originates from its flagship station , CITY-TV in Toronto , a station which became known for an intensely local format based on newscasts aimed at younger viewers , nightly movies , and music and cultural programming . The Citytv brand first expanded with CHUM Limited 's acquisition of former Global O & O CKVU-TV in Vancouver , followed by its purchase of Craig Media 's stations and the re-branding of its A-Channel system in Central Canada as Citytv in August 2005 . CHUM Limited was acquired by CTVglobemedia ( now Bell Media ) in 2007 ; to comply with Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) ownership limits , the Citytv stations were sold to Rogers . The network grew through further affiliations with three Jim Pattison Group-owned stations , along with Rogers ' acquisition of the cable-only Saskatchewan Communications Network and Montreal 's CJNT-DT . While patterned after the original station in Toronto , since the 2000s , and particularly since its acquisition by Rogers , Citytv has moved towards a series-based primetime schedule much like its competitors , albeit one still focused on younger demographics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Son_Sann", "text": "Son Sann ( Khmer : សឺន សាន ; 5 October 1911 - 19 December 2000 ) was a Cambodian politician and anti-communist resistance leader who served as the 22nd Prime Minister of Cambodia ( 1967-68 ) and later as President of the National Assembly ( 1993 ) . A devout Buddhist , he fathered seven children and was married . His full honorary title is Samdech Borvor Setha Thipadei Son Sann ( Khmer : សម្តេចបវរសេដ្ឋាធិបតី សឺន សាន ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OpenCV", "text": "OpenCV ( Open source computer vision ) is a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision . Originally developed by Intel , it was later supported by Willow Garage then Itseez ( which was later acquired by Intel ) . The library is cross-platform and free for use under the open-source BSD license . OpenCV supports the deep learning frameworks TensorFlow , Torch/PyTorch and Caffe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muammar_Gaddafi", "text": "Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi [ b ] ( c. 1942 - October 20 , 2011 ) , commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi , was a Libyan revolutionary , politician , and political theorist . He governed Libya as Revolutionary Chairman of the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977 , and then as the Brother Leader of the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 2011 . He was initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism but later ruled according to his own Third International Theory . Born near Sirte , Italian Libya , to a poor Bedouin family , Gaddafi became an Arab nationalist while at school in Sabha , later enrolling in the Royal Military Academy , Benghazi . Within the military , he founded a revolutionary group which deposed the Western-backed Senussi monarchy of Idris in a 1969 coup . Having taken power , Gaddafi converted Libya into a republic governed by his Revolutionary Command Council . Ruling by decree , he deported Libya 's Italian and Jewish populations and ejected its Western military bases . Strengthening ties to Arab nationalist governments - particularly Gamal Abdel Nasser 's Egypt - he unsuccessfully advocated pan-Arab political union . An Islamic modernist , he introduced sharia as the basis for the legal system and promoted Islamic socialism . He nationalized the oil industry and used the increasing state revenues to bolster the military , fund foreign revolutionaries , and implement social programs emphasizing house-building , healthcare and education projects . In 1973 , he initiated a Popular Revolution with the formation of Basic People 's Congresses , presented as a system of direct democracy , but retained personal control over major decisions . He outlined his Third International Theory that year , publishing these ideas in The Green Book ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hard_Rock_Stadium", "text": "Hard Rock Stadium is a football stadium located in Miami Gardens , Florida , a city north of Miami . It is the home stadium of the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League ( NFL ) . Hard Rock Stadium also plays host to the Miami Hurricanes football team during their regular season . In addition , the facility hosts the Orange Bowl , an annual college football bowl game . It was the home to the Florida Marlins of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) from 1993 to 2011 . From 2019 , the stadium is home to the Miami Open tennis tournament , played in March . The stadium has hosted six Super Bowls ( XXIII , XXIX , XXXIII , XLI , XLIV , and LIV ) , the 2010 Pro Bowl , two World Series ( 1997 and 2003 ) , four BCS National Championship Games ( 2001 , 2005 , 2009 , 2013 ) , the second round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic , and WrestleMania XXVIII . The stadium will host the College Football Playoff National Championship in 2021 , as well as has agreed in principle to host the Formula 1 Miami Grand Prix in 2021 . The facility opened in 1987 as Joe Robbie Stadium and has been known by a number of names since : Pro Player Park , Pro Player Stadium , Dolphins Stadium , Dolphin Stadium , Land Shark Stadium , and Sun Life Stadium . In August 2016 the team sold the naming rights to Hard Rock Cafe Inc. for $ 250 million over 18 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_World_Championship", "text": "The Magic : The Gathering World Championships ( Worlds ) have been held annually since 1994 . It is the most important tournament in the game of Magic : The Gathering , offering cash prizes of up to $ 100,000 to the winners . With the exception of the first edition , Worlds is an invitation-only event , and from 1996 to 2011 World was the last event of each Pro Tour season . The invitees were mostly top finishers from the National championships , the top-ranked players of the DCI and high-level pro players . Since 2012 the World Championships are held after the season and the most successful 16 or 24 players have been invited to the tournament . After the first five World Championships were all held in the United States , Worlds have since been held in Japan , Australia and various countries in Europe . Besides the main event Worlds were always a huge gathering of Magic players , who came to watch the pros and compete in side events . After the 2011 season , the World Championship was briefly replaced by the Magic Players Championship . The top 16 pro players selected due to various criteria were invited to the Players Championship . In 2013 the tournament was renamed to 'World Championship ' once again . From 2014 to 2018 the tournament was expanded to 24 competitors , but is going back to 16 players for the 2019 Worlds . The large World Championships , held until 2011 , also included a national team portion where the top players from each National Championship engaged in a separate competition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diu_Island", "text": "Diu Island is an island off the Southern coast of Gujarat 's Kathiawar peninsula , separated from the mainland by a tidal creek . It has an area of 40 km² , and a population of 44,110 ( 2001 census ) . It belongs to Diu District and lies 5 km to the east of Diu Head . Diu is part of the Union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu . Both Daman and Diu share the same member of parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abdelhak_Achik", "text": "Abdelhak Achik ( born March 11 , 1959 ) is a former Moroccan amateur boxer , who won the bronze medal in the men 's featherweight ( - 57 kg ) category at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_UEFA_European_Under-19_Championship_elite_qualification", "text": "The 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship elite round was the second round of qualification for the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship final tournament . The 27 teams advancing from the first qualification round plus Spain , who received a bye to the elite round , were distributed into seven groups of four teams , with one of the teams in each group hosting all six matches in a round-robin format . The seven group-winning teams qualified automatically for the final tournament in Hungary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1960_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_downhill", "text": "The Women 's downhill competition of the Squaw Valley 1960 Olympics was held at Squaw Valley on Saturday , February 20 . The defending world champion was Lucille Wheeler of Canada , who had retired the previous year ; defending Olympic champion Madeleine Berthod of Switzerland did not compete in this event . Nineteen-year-old Heidi Biebl of Germany won the gold medal , while American Penny Pitou was a second behind for the silver ; the bronze medalist was Traudl Hecher of Austria . The race was run on KT-22 , with a starting elevation of 2,447 m ( 8,028 ft ) above sea level ; the course length was 1.828 km ( 1.136 mi ) , with a vertical drop of 553 m ( 1,814 ft ) . Biebl 's winning time of 97.6 seconds yielded an average speed of 67.426 km/h ( 41.9 mph ) , with an average vertical descent rate of 5.666 m/s ( 18.6 ft/s ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albanian_Superliga", "text": "The Albanian Superliga ( Albanian : Kategoria Superiore ) is a professional league for men 's association football clubs . At the top of the Albanian football league system , it is the country 's primary football competition . It is contested by 10 clubs , and operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the Albanian First Division . Seasons run from August to May , with teams playing 36 matches each ( playing each team in the league four times , twice at home and twice away ) . The competition was founded in 1930 as the Albanian National Championship during the reign of King Zog , shortly after the creation of the Albanian Football Association . Since 1930 , 43 clubs have competed in recognized competitions , while only nine clubs have won the title : KF Tirana ( 24 ) , Dinamo Tirana ( 18 ) , FK Partizani ( 16 ) , Vllaznia ( 9 ) , Skënderbeu ( 8 ) , KF Elbasani ( 2 ) , Flamurtari ( 1 ) , Teuta ( 1 ) and FK Kukësi ( 1 ) . The current champions are FK Partizani , who won their 16th title in 2018-19 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London_City_(soccer_club)", "text": "London City Soccer Club is a Canadian soccer team founded in 1973 . The team is currently a member of the Canadian Academy of Soccer League . The team plays their home games at the Milton Community Sports Park in the town of Milton , Ontario . The team 's colours are red , black and white . Formed on Valentine 's Day of 1973 by Markus Gauss in order to field a London entry for the National Soccer League after the departure of German Canadian FC . The Gauss family ran and provided the city of London a professional team for 38 years . Under their tutelage the club was most notable for providing an opportunity for young players to develop in a professional environment . In 1998 , London became a charter member for the Canadian Professional Soccer League . In the initial stages of the new league City managed to compete several times for a postseason berth . Shortly after the club went through a difficult rebuilding stage as a result missed the playoffs for twelve consecutive seasons . Their biggest success came in 2003 when they captured the Open Canada Cup . After the loss of Harry Gauss to cancer and the higher playing standards placed by the league the Gauss family decided to sell the club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1974_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1973-74 NHL season was the 57th season of the National Hockey League . The Philadelphia Flyers won the Stanley Cup championship , the team 's first . The team was the first of the post-1967 teams to win the Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/US_Senate", "text": "The United States Senate is the upper chamber of the United States Congress , which , along with the United States House of Representatives - the lower chamber - constitutes the legislature of the United States . The Senate chamber is located in the north wing of the Capitol Building , in Washington , D.C . The composition and powers of the Senate are established by Article One of the United States Constitution . The Senate is composed of senators , each of whom represents a single state in its entirety . Each state , regardless of its population size , is equally represented by two senators who serve staggered terms of six years . There being at present 50 states in the Union , there are currently 100 senators . From 1789 to 1913 , senators were appointed by legislatures of the states they represented ; they are now elected by popular vote , following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment in 1913 . As the upper chamber of Congress , the Senate has several powers of advice and consent which are unique to it . These include the approval of treaties , and the confirmation of Cabinet secretaries , Supreme Court justices , federal judges , flag officers , regulatory officials , ambassadors , other federal executive officials and other federal uniformed officers . In addition to these , in cases wherein no candidate receives a majority of electors for vice president , the duty falls to the Senate to elect one of the top two recipients of electors for that office . Furthermore , the Senate has the responsibility of conducting the trials of those impeached by the House . The Senate is widely considered both a more deliberative and more prestigious body than the House of Representatives due to its longer terms , smaller size , and statewide constituencies , which historically led to a more collegial and less partisan atmosphere ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stockholm,_Sweden", "text": "Stockholm ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈstɔ̂kː ( h ) ɔlm ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous urban area of Sweden . 972,647 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.6 million in the urban area , and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area . The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea . Outside the city to the east , and along the coast , is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago . The area has been settled since the Stone Age , in the 6th millennium BC , and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl . It is also the county seat of Stockholm County . Stockholm is the cultural , media , political , and economic centre of Sweden . The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country 's GDP , and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita . It is an important global city , and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region . The city is home to some of Europe 's top ranking universities , such as the Stockholm School of Economics , Karolinska Institute and KTH Royal Institute of Technology . It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall . One of the city 's most prized museums , the Vasa Museum , is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tirhuta_alphabet", "text": "Tirhuta or Mithilakshar is the script used for Sanskrit & Maithili language . The script has a rich history spanning a thousand years , believed to be originated in the 10th century CE , but years of neglect by the Bihar government have taken their toll on the use of Tirhuta . It is similar to Assamese script and Bengali script . Most speakers of Maithili have switched to using the Devanagari script , which is also used to write neighboring Central Indic languages to the west such as such as Hindi . As a result , the number of people with a working knowledge of Tirhuta has dropped considerably in recent years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grammy_Awards_of_1994", "text": "The 36th Annual Grammy Awards were held in 1994 . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Whitney Houston was the Big Winner winning 3 awards including Record of the Year and Album of the Year while opening the show with I Will Always Love You . Audrey Hepburn 's win made her the fifth person to become an EGOT , and the first person to complete the status posthumously ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Copenhagen", "text": "The University of Copenhagen ( UCPH ) ( Danish : Københavns Universitet ) is the oldest university and research institution in Denmark . Founded in 1479 as a studium generale , it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University ( 1477 ) . The university today is state-funded , and has 23,473 undergraduate students , 17,398 postgraduate students , 2,968 doctoral students and over 9,000 employees . The university has four campuses located in and around Copenhagen , with the headquarters located in central Copenhagen . Most courses are taught in Danish ; however , many courses are also offered in English and a few in German . The university has several thousands of foreign students , about half of whom come from Nordic countries . The university is a member of the International Alliance of Research Universities ( IARU ) , along with University of Cambridge , Yale University , The Australian National University , and UC Berkeley , amongst others , and of the League of European Research Universities ( LERU ) . The 2019 Academic Ranking of World Universities ranks the University of Copenhagen as the best university in Scandinavia and 26th in the world , the 2020 U.S. News & World Report ranks it as 7th in Europe and 32nd in the World , the Times Higher Education World University Rankings as 101st in the world , and the 2016-2017 QS World University Rankings as 68th in the world . As of October 2019 , the university has had 39 Nobel laureates affiliated as alumni , faculty members and researchers , and has produced one Turing Award recipient ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1950_Michigan_Wolverines_football_team", "text": "The 1950 Michigan Wolverines football team was an American football team that represented the University of Michigan in the 1950 Big Nine Conference football season . Coached by Bennie Oosterbaan , the Wolverines won the Big Ten Conference championship with a record of 6-3-1 ( 4-1-1 in conference ) and defeated the California Bears in the 1951 Rose Bowl , 14-6 . The team had two All-Big 10 backs in Don Dufek and Chuck Ortmann and All-American tackle R. Allen Brick Wahl . Despite losing three times and tying once , Michigan was ranked # 9 in the AP Poll and # 6 in the UPI Poll at season 's end . The Wolverines played a regular season game at Yankee Stadium against Army on October 14 , 1950 , losing 27-6 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reverdy_Johnson", "text": "Reverdy Johnson ( May 21 , 1796 - February 10 , 1876 ) was a statesman and jurist from Maryland . He gained fame as a defense attorney , defending notables such as Sandford of the Dred Scott case , Maj. Gen. Fitz John Porter at his court-martial , and Mary Surratt , alleged conspirator in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln . A former Whig , he was a strong supporter of the Union war effort . At first he opposed wartime efforts to abolish slavery until 1864 , and in 1865 supported the 13th Amendment banning slavery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_V-League", "text": "V-League 2004 was the 21st season of Vietnam 's professional football league . Kinh Do was the league 's sponsor , replacing PepsiCo . Hoàng Anh Gia Lai won their second title in this season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fate_Tola", "text": "Fate Tola Geleto ( born 22 October 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in marathon races . She represented Ethiopia at the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships and has won marathons in Thessaloniki and Vienna . She lives in Germany and trains with Irina Mikitenko . Since 2012 , she competes for the German club MTV Braunschweig . Among her first elite level appearances was the Great Ethiopian Run in November 2008 , where she came fourth behind Teyba Erkesso over the 10 km distance . She made her professional marathon debut at the Alexander the Great Marathon in April 2009 and she won on her first attempt , taking the women 's title in a time of 2:36:54 hours . The Ljubljana Marathon in October was her second outing over the distance and she was fourth , but improved her best time by a minute and a half . She represented Oromia Police at the Sululta Cross Country at the start of 2010 and came fourth . She significantly improved her marathon best at that year 's Rome City Marathon , taking fifth in a time of 2:28:54 hours , and won the Paderborner Osterlauf 10K soon afterwards . She was selected to represent Ethiopia at the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in Nanning in October and she came seventh , setting a personal best of 1:09:38 hours for the distance . Her last major race of the year came at the Turin Marathon and she again improved : it became a two-woman race between Tola and Priscah Jeptoo and although it was her Kenyan rival who claimed victory , Tola ran a best of 2:28:22 hours as the runner-up . Her 2011 season began with a second-place finish at the Berlin Half Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Corkum", "text": "Paul Bruce Corkum OC OOnt FRSC FRS ( born October 30 , 1943 ) is a Canadian physicist specializing in attosecond physics and laser science . He holds a joint University of Ottawa-NRC chair in Attosecond Photonics . He is one of the students of strong field atomic physics , i.e . atoms and plasmas in super-intense laser fields ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lubbock,_Texas", "text": "Lubbock ( /ˈlʌbək/ LUB-ək ) is the 11th-most populous city in the U.S. state of Texas and the county seat of Lubbock County . With a population of 255,885 in 2018 , the city is also the 81st-most populous in the United States . The city is in the northwestern part of the state , a region known historically and geographically as the Llano Estacado , and ecologically is part of the southern end of the High Plains , lying at the economic center of the Lubbock metropolitan area , which has a projected 2020 population of 327,424 . Lubbock 's nickname , Hub City , derives from it being the economic , educational , and health-care hub of the multicounty region , north of the Permian Basin and south of the Texas Panhandle , commonly called the South Plains . The area is the largest contiguous cotton-growing region in the world and is heavily dependent on water from the Ogallala Aquifer for irrigation . CNNMoney.com selected Lubbock as the 12th-best place to start a small business . CNN mentioned the city 's traditional business atmosphere : low rent for commercial space , central location , and cooperative city government . Lubbock is home to Texas Tech University , the sixth-largest college by enrollment in the state . Lubbock High School has been recognized for three consecutive years by Newsweek as one of the top high schools in the United States , based in part on its international baccalaureate program ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kabul", "text": "Kabul ( Persian : کابل , romanized : Kābol , Pashto : کابل , romanized : Kābəl ) is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan , located in the eastern section of the country . It is also a municipality , forming part of the greater Kabul Province , and divided into 22 districts . According to estimates in 2019 , the population of Kabul is 4.114 million , which includes all the major ethnic groups of Afghanistan . Afghanistan 's only city with a population of over 1 million , Kabul serves as its political , cultural and economical center . Rapid urbanization had made Kabul the world 's 75th largest city . Kabul is located high up in a narrow valley between the Hindu Kush mountains , with an elevation of 1,790 metres ( 5,873 ft ) making it one of the highest capitals in the world . The city is said to be over 3,500 years old , mentioned since at least the time of the Achaemenid Empire . Located at crossroads in Asia - roughly halfway between Istanbul in the west and Hanoi in the east - it is in a strategic location along the trade routes of South and Central Asia , and a key location of the ancient Silk Road . It has been part of the Achaemenids followed by the Seleucids , Mauryans , Kushans , Kabul Shahis , Saffarids , Samanids , Ghaznavids , Ghurids , Khwarazmians , Qarlughids , Khaljis , Timurids , Mughals , and Hotaks , until finally becoming part of the Durrani Empire ( also known as the Afghan Empire ) in 1747 . Kabul became the capital of Afghanistan in 1776 , during the reign of Timur Shah Durrani , the son of Ahmad Shah Durrani . In the early 19th century , the British occupied the city , but after establishing foreign relations , they were compelled to withdraw all forces from Afghanistan . The city was occupied by the Soviets in 1979 but they too abandoned it after the 1988 Geneva Accords were signed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottawa_Senators_(original)", "text": "The Ottawa Senators were an ice hockey team based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada which existed from 1883 to 1954 . The club was the first hockey club in Ontario , a founding member of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and played in the NHL from 1917 until 1934 . The club , which was officially the Ottawa Hockey Club ( Ottawa HC ) , was known by several nicknames , including the Generals in the 1890s , the Silver Seven from 1903 to 1907 and the Senators dating from 1908 . Generally acknowledged by hockey historians as one of the greatest teams of the early days of the sport , the club won numerous championships , starting with the 1891 to 1893 Ontario championships . Ottawa HC played in the first season during which the Stanley Cup was challenged in 1893 , and first won the Cup in 1903 , holding the championship until 1906 ( the Silver Seven years ) . The club repeated its success in the 1920s , winning the Stanley Cup in 1920 , 1921 , 1923 and 1927 ( the Super Six years ) . In total , the club won the Stanley Cup eleven times , including challenges during two years it did not win the Cup for the season . In 1950 , Canadian sports editors selected the Ottawa HC/Senators as Canada 's greatest team in the first half of the 20th century . The club was one of the first organized clubs in the early days of the sport of ice hockey , playing in the Montreal Winter Carnival ice hockey tournaments in the early 1880s and founding the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada and the Ontario Hockey Association . Along with the rise of professionalism in ice hockey in the first decade of the 1900s , the club changed to a professional team and were founding members of the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) and its successor , the National Hockey League . The club competed in the NHL until the 1933-34 season . Due to financial difficulties , the NHL franchise relocated to St. Louis , Missouri to become the St. Louis Eagles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kim_Jong-un", "text": "Kim Jong-un ( officially transcribed Kim Jong Un ; Korean : 김정은 ; Korean pronunciation : [ kim.dzɔŋ.ɯn ] ; [ a ] born 8 January 1983 or 1984 ) is a North Korean politician who has been the Supreme Leader of North Korea since 2011 and chairman of the Workers ' Party of Korea since 2012 . He is the second child of Kim Jong-il ( 1941-2011 ) , who was North Korea 's second leader from 1994 to 2011 , and Ko Yong-hui ( 1952-2004 ) . He is the grandson of Kim Il-sung , who was the founder and led North Korea from its establishment in 1948 until his death in 1994 . From late 2010 , Kim Jong-un was viewed as heir apparent to the leadership of North Korea , and following the elder Kim 's death , North Korean state television announced him as the Great Successor . Kim holds the titles of Chairman of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( as First Secretary between 2012 and 2016 ) , Chairman of the Central Military Commission , Chairman of the State Affairs Commission , commander-in-chief ( as SAC chairman ) , and member of the Presidium of the Politburo of the Workers ' Party of Korea , the highest decision-making body in North Korea . Kim was promoted to the rank of Marshal of North Korea in the Korean People 's Army on 18 July 2012 , consolidating his position as the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces . North Korean state media often refers to him as Marshal Kim Jong-un , the Marshal or Dear Respected . Kim rules a dictatorship where elections are not free and fair , government critics are persecuted , media is controlled by the regime , internet access is limited by the regime , and there is no freedom of religion . His regime operates an extensive network of prisons and labor camps ; the regime convicts people for political crimes and uses collective punishment whereby members of a family get punished for the crimes of one person . According to the United Nations , North Koreans live under systematic , widespread and gross human rights violations where the regime seeks to dominate every aspect of its citizens lives and terrorizes them from within . The regime exerts extensive control over the North Korean economy , with substantial state-controlled economic enterprises and significant restrictions on North Koreans ' ability to engage in foreign economic activity . On 12 December 2013 , Kim ordered the execution of his uncle Jang Song-thaek for treachery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_NASDAQ-100_Open", "text": "The 2006 NASDAQ-100 Open was the 22nd edition of this tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts . The tournament was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2006 ATP Tour and was classified as a Tier I event on the 2006 WTA Tour . Both the men 's and the women 's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne , Florida , United States , from March 20 through April 2 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2007 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place in May 2007 . The top six regular season finishers met in the double-elimination tournament held at Oestrike Stadium on the campus of Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti , Michigan . This was the nineteenth Mid-American Conference postseason tournament to determine a champion . Second seed Kent State won their sixth tournament championship to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2007 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramsay_MacDonald", "text": "James Ramsay MacDonald FRS ( né James McDonald Ramsay ; 12 October 1866 - 9 November 1937 ) was a British statesman who was the first Labour Party politician to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , leading minority Labour governments for nine months in 1924 and then in 1929-31 . From 1931 to 1935 , he headed a National Government dominated by the Conservative Party and supported by only a few Labour members . MacDonald was later vehemently denounced by and expelled from the party he had helped to found . MacDonald , along with Keir Hardie and Arthur Henderson , was one of the three principal founders of the Labour Party . He was chairman of the Labour MPs before 1914 and , after an eclipse in his career caused by his opposition to the First World War , he was Leader of the Labour Party from 1922 . The second Labour Government ( 1929-31 ) was dominated by the Great Depression . He formed the National Government to carry out spending cuts to defend the gold standard , but it had to be abandoned after the Invergordon Mutiny , and he called a general election in 1931 seeking a doctor 's mandate to fix the economy . The National coalition won an overwhelming landslide and the Labour Party was reduced to a rump of around 50 seats in the House of Commons . His health deteriorated and he stood down as Prime Minister in 1935 , remaining as Lord President of the Council until retiring in 1937 . He died later that year . MacDonald 's speeches , pamphlets and books made him an important theoretician . Historian John Shepherd states that MacDonald 's natural gifts of an imposing presence , handsome features and a persuasive oratory delivered with an arresting Highlands accent made him the iconic Labour leader ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Campofreda", "text": "Nicholas William Campofreda ( January 14 , 1914 - May 23 , 1959 ) was an American football player . He played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins in 1944 . Born in Baltimore , Maryland , he played college football at Western Maryland College-now known as McDaniel College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBL-FM", "text": "CBL-FM ( 94.1 MHz ) is the flagship station of the CBC Music network . It is a non-commercial station , licensed to Toronto , Ontario , and is owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . CBL-FM 's studios and offices are located at the Canadian Broadcasting Centre , on Front Street West , while its transmitter is located atop the CN Tower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cavite", "text": "Cavite , officially the Province of Cavite ( Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Kabite ; Tagalog pronunciation : [ ˈkäbite̞ ] , [ käˈbiːte̞ ] or [ käˈbitɛː ] ; Chabacano : Provincia de Cavite ) , is a province in the Philippines located on the southern shores of Manila Bay in the Calabarzon region on Luzon island . Situated 21 kilometers ( 13 mi ) southwest of Metro Manila , it is one of the most industrialized and fastest growing provinces in the Philippines . Its population of 3,678,301 ( 2015 ) makes it one of the most populated provinces in the country . Originally agricultural and now a booming bedroom community for ultracongested Metro Manila , its location just north of Taal volcano poses significant risks of ashfall and debris flows through it into Manila Bay . For over 300 years , the province played an important role in both the country 's colonial past and eventual fight for independence , earning it the title Historical Capital of the Philippines . It became the cradle of the Philippine Revolution , which led to the renouncement of Spanish colonial control , finally culminating in the Philippine Declaration of Independence on June 12 , 1898 in Kawit , Cavite . The old provincial capital , Cavite City also hosted docks for the Manila galleon , becoming an essential part of commerce between Asia and Latin America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_D._Peregory", "text": "Frank D. Peregory was a United States Army technical sergeant who posthumously received the United States military 's highest decoration for bravery in combat , the Medal of Honor , for his actions during World War II . In a previous incident , he also received the Soldier 's Medal for rescuing another soldier from drowning . Peregory grew up in a large family in Virginia and although he was only 15 years old , in 1931 he lied about his age in order to join the Virginia Army National Guard . When the United States entered World War II in December 1941 his unit was activated and while guarding a beach Peregory received the Soldier 's Medal for saving a fellow soldier from drowning . When the unit arrived for combat overseas they were assigned to the D-Day invasion of Normandy and Peregory again risked his life by single-handedly attacking a fortified German machine-gun emplacement , killing several and taking more than 30 prisoners . For his actions during the battle he later received the Medal of Honor . The Medal was presented posthumously , however , because on June 14 , 1944 , six days after the action for which he would be awarded the Medal of Honor , he was killed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Parker_(Labour_politician)", "text": "James Parker , CH ( 1863 - 11 February 1948 ) was a British Labour Party politician . He was elected as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Halifax at the 1906 general election , and held the seat until the town 's representation was reduced to one seat at the 1918 general election . He did not stand again in Halifax , but instead stood in the Cannock division of Staffordshire , as a Coalition Labour candidate ( i.e . a holder of the coalition coupon , supporting the Lloyd George 's coalition government ) . He won the seat , but lost it , standing as a National Liberal at the 1922 general election . Parker was made a Companion of Honour by King George V in 1918 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston-Cambridge-Newton,_MA-NH_MSA", "text": "Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston , the capital of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England , as well as its surrounding areas . The region forms the northern arc of the US northeast megalopolis and as such , Greater Boston can be described either as a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) , or as a broader combined statistical area ( CSA ) . The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts , excluding the South Coast region and Cape Cod ; while the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Manchester ( the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire ) , Worcester , Massachusetts ( the second largest city in New England ) , as well as the South Coast region and Cape Cod in Massachusetts . While the small footprint of the city of Boston itself only contains an estimated 685,094 , the urbanization has extended well into surrounding areas ; the CSA is one of two in Massachusetts , the only other being Greater Springfield . Greater Boston is the only CSA-form statistical area in New England which crosses into three states ( Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Rhode Island ) . Some of Greater Boston 's most well-known contributions involve the region 's higher education and medical institutions . Greater Boston has been influential upon American history and industry . The region and the state of Massachusetts are global leaders in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade . Over 80% of Massachusetts ' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan region . Greater Boston is ranked tenth in population among US metropolitan statistical areas , home to 4,875,390 people as of the 2018 US Census estimate , and sixth among combined statistical areas , with a population of 8,285,407 . The area has hosted many people and sites significant to American culture and history , particularly American literature , politics , and the American Revolution . Plymouth was the site of the first colony in New England , founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alla_Demidova", "text": "Alla Sergeyevna Demidova ( Russian : А́лла Серге́евна Деми́дова ; born 29 September 1936 , Moscow ) is a Russian actress internationally acclaimed for the tragic parts in innovative plays staged by Yuri Lyubimov in the Taganka Theatre . She was awarded the USSR State Prize ( 1977 ) and the Order of Merit for the Fatherland ( twice , 2007 , 2001 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mokpo_City_FC", "text": "Mokpo City FC ( Korean : 목포시청 축구단 ) is a South Korean association football club based in Mokpo , South Jeolla . From 2010 season , Mokpo City plays in the newly created K3 League , the third tier of Korean football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_League_Challenge", "text": "Rugby League Challenge is a sport simulation game for the PlayStation Portable based on the National Rugby League and the Super League . The game was developed by Australian game developer Wicked Witch Software and was published by Tru Blu Entertainment . The game is based on the 2009 NRL season and Super League XIV . It features all 16 NRL teams and 14 Super League teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Astrid_Varnay", "text": "Ibolyka Astrid Maria Varnay ( 25 April 1918 - 4 September 2006 ) was a Swedish-born American dramatic soprano of Hungarian descent . She spent most of her career in the United States and Germany . She was one of the leading Wagnerian heroic sopranos of her generation . Her voice on record is readily recognisable by its fiery tone and seemingly limitless upper register ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coconut_milk", "text": "Coconut milk is an opaque , milky-white liquid extracted from the grated pulp of mature coconuts . The opacity and rich taste of coconut milk is due to its high oil content , most of which is saturated fat . Coconut milk is a traditional food ingredient used in Southeast Asia , Oceania , South Asia , and East Africa . It is also used for cooking in the Caribbean , tropical Latin America , and West Africa , where coconuts were introduced during the colonial era . Coconut milk is differentiated into subtypes based on fat content . They can be generalized into coconut cream ( or thick coconut milk ) with the highest amount of fat ; coconut milk ( or thin coconut milk ) with a maximum of around 20% fat ; and coconut skim milk with negligible amounts of fat . This terminology is not always followed in commercial coconut milk sold in western countries . Coconut milk can also be used to produce milk substitutes ( differentiated as coconut milk beverages ) . These products are not the same as regular coconut milk products which are meant for cooking , not drinking . A sweetened , processed , coconut milk product from Puerto Rico is also known as cream of coconut . It is used in many desserts and beverages like the piña colada , though it should not be confused with coconut cream ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Cleveland_Browns_season", "text": "The 1995 Cleveland Browns season was the team 's 50th season overall and 46th in the National Football League . After finishing 11-5 in 1994 under head coach Bill Belichick and winning a playoff game for the first time since 1989 , the Browns were favored by many to reach Cleveland 's first ever Super Bowl . The Browns started by winning three of their first four games and were 4-4 halfway through the season . The day after the Browns recorded their fifth loss , a 37-10 blowout against the Oilers , owner Art Modell announced that he was moving the franchise to Baltimore . Stunned by this news , the team collapsed and only won one of their remaining seven games and Belichick was fired . As part of the agreement to allow Modell to move , the city of Cleveland was allowed to keep the Browns name , the team 's history from 1946 onward , and everything else associated with the Browns while Modell would receive a new franchise , which would become known as the Baltimore Ravens . The Browns ' roster would be transferred to Baltimore but the club would otherwise start from scratch as an expansion franchise would . The NFL also agreed that Cleveland would receive a new franchise once a stadium was built for it , and in 1999 the Browns franchise was reactivated under new ownership . The 1999 Browns were stocked by an expansion draft , but were otherwise a continuation of the original 1946 franchise . The team was documented in NFL Network 's A Football Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs of the National Hockey League began on April 15 , 2009 , after the 2008-09 regular season . The sixteen teams that qualified , eight from each conference ( the winner of each of the three divisions plus the five teams with highest point totals from the teams remaining ) , play a best-of-seven series for the conference quarterfinals , semifinals , and championships , and then the conference champions will play a best-of-seven series for the Stanley Cup . The Columbus Blue Jackets made their first appearance in the playoffs in their nine-year history . Previously they had been the only franchise to have not made the playoffs . Also , home teams set a record by going 13-2 in the openers of all the series combined . There were no playoff games played in the Province of Ontario as this was the first time that the modern Ottawa Senators and the Toronto Maple Leafs both missed the playoffs in the same year . This was the most recent time that the Carolina Hurricanes were in the playoffs until 2019 . The Finals ended on June 12 , 2009 , with the Pittsburgh Penguins defeating the Detroit Red Wings four games to three to win the championship . They became just the second team , after the 1971 Montreal Canadiens , to win the championship after losing the first two games of the series on the road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Hertfordshire", "text": "The University of Hertfordshire ( UOH ) is a public university in Hertfordshire , United Kingdom . The university is based largely in Hatfield , Hertfordshire . Its antecedent institution , Hatfield Technical College , was founded in 1948 and was identified as one of 25 Colleges of Technology in the United Kingdom in 1959 . In 1992 , Hatfield Polytechnic was granted university status by the British government and subsequently renamed University of Hertfordshire . It is one of the post-1992 universities . Hertfordshire has two campuses based in College Lane and de Havilland . With over 25,130 students , including more than 5,200 international students that together represent 100 countries , Hertfordshire has a global alumni of over 1,650 The university is one of Hertfordshire 's largest employers with over 2,700 staff , 812 of which are academic members of staff . It has a turnover of more than £235 million . The university has 11 schools : Hertfordshire Business School , Computer Science , Creative Arts , Education , Engineering and Technology , Health and Social Work , Humanities ( which oversees its CATS programme ) , Hertfordshire Law School , Life and Medical Sciences , Physics , Astronomy and Mathematics and Hertfordshire Higher Education Consortium . The university 's School of Pharmacy is granted full Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain accreditation . Hertfordshire was ranked 101-150 in the Times Higher Education World Young University Rankings 2018 , a global ranking of universities under 50 years old . It was awarded the Entrepreneurial University of the Year by Times Higher Education in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yang_Liyu", "text": "Yang Liyu ( simplified Chinese : 杨立瑜 ; traditional Chinese : 楊立瑜 ; pinyin : Yáng Lìyú ; born 13 February 1997 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huntsville,_Alabama", "text": "Huntsville is a city in the Appalachian region of northern Alabama . It is the county seat of Madison County but extends west into neighboring Limestone County and south into Morgan County . It was founded in 1805 and became an incorporated town in 1811 . The city grew across nearby hills north of the Tennessee River , adding textile mills , then munitions factories , NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command nearby at the Redstone Arsenal . The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its America 's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010 list . The city 's population was 180,105 in 2010 , making it Alabama 's fourth-largest city . Huntsville is the largest city in the five-county Huntsville-Decatur-Albertville , AL Combined Statistical Area . The Huntsville metropolitan area 's population was 417,593 in 2010 , making it the second most populous metropolitan area in the state . The Huntsville metro 's population reached 462,693 by 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Adelaide_Football_Club", "text": "West Adelaide Football Club is an Australian rules football club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) . Commonly known as The Bloods and Westies , the club 's home base is Richmond Oval ( currently known as Hisense Stadium under a sponsorship agreement ) . The Oval is located in Richmond , an inner-western suburb of Adelaide . The club has won nine SANFL premierships , the most recent coming in 2015 - breaking a thirty-two-year premiership drought dating back to 1983 ; the second longest in the SANFL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koramangala", "text": "Koramangala is situated in the south-eastern part of the city , it is one of the largest neighborhoods , and is a highly sought residential locality with wide , tree-lined boulevards and a mix of luxury apartments , commercial structures , and posh bungalows . Planned as a suburb post-independence , its location between Bangalore and Electronic City attracted migrants from across the country during Bangalore 's tech boom of the late 1990s . Consequently , it has gradually developed into a commercial hub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Contemporary_Hit_Radio", "text": "Contemporary hit radio ( also known as CHR , contemporary hits , hit list , current hits , hit music , top 40 , or pop radio ) is a radio format that is common in the United States , Brazil , United Kingdom , Ireland , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , the Philippines , Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Japan , South Korea , Trinidad and Tobago , and South Africa , that focuses on playing current and recurrent popular music as determined by the top 40 music charts . There are several subcategories , dominantly focusing on rock , pop , or urban music . Used alone , CHR most often refers to the CHR-pop format . The term contemporary hit radio was coined in the early 1980s by Radio & Records magazine to designate top 40 stations which continued to play hits from all musical genres as pop music splintered into adult contemporary , urban contemporary and other formats . The term top 40 is also used to refer to the actual list of hit songs , and , by extension , to refer to pop music in general . The term has also been modified to describe top 50 ; top 30 ; top 20 ; top 10 ; hot 100 ( each with its number of songs ) and hot hits radio formats , but carrying more or less the same meaning and having the same creative point of origin with Todd Storz as further refined by Gordon McLendon as well as Bill Drake . The format became especially popular in the mid-sixties as radio stations constrained disc jockeys to numbered play lists in the wake of the payola scandal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Rap_Album", "text": "The Grammy Award for Best Rap Album is an award presented to recording artists for quality albums with rapping at the Grammy Awards , a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards . Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to honor artistic achievement , technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry , without regard to album sales or chart position . In 1995 , the Academy announced the addition of the award category Best Rap Album . The first award was presented to the group Naughty by Nature at the 38th Grammy Awards the following year . According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards , the award is presented for albums containing at least 51% playing time of tracks with newly recorded rapped performances . Award recipients often include the producers , engineers , and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists . As of 2020 , Eminem holds the record for the most wins in this category , with six . Lauryn Hill was the first female artist to win in this category , when she won in 1997 with the Fugees . Cardi B became the first solo female rapper to win for Invasion of Privacy . Kanye West was presented the award four times , and the duo known as Outkast received the award twice . Jay-Z holds the record for the most nominations , with eleven . Drake became the first non-American winner in this category when he won in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Savona", "text": "Savona ( Italian : [ saˈvoːna ] ( listen ) ; local Ligurian : Sann-a [ ˈsaŋˑa ] , Genoese : Savonn-a ) is a seaport and comune in the west part of the northern Italian region of Liguria , capital of the Province of Savona , in the Riviera di Ponente on the Mediterranean Sea . Savona used to be one of the chief seats of the Italian iron industry , having iron-works and foundries , shipbuilding , railway workshops , engineering shops , and a brass foundry . One of the most celebrated former inhabitants of Savona was the navigator Christopher Columbus , who farmed land in the area while chronicling his journeys . 'Columbus 's house ' , a cottage situated in the Savona hills , lay between vegetable crops and fruit trees . It is one of several residences in Liguria associated with Columbus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vidin", "text": "Vidin ( Bulgarian : Видин , pronounced [ ˈvidin ] ) is a port town on the southern bank of the Danube in north-western Bulgaria . It is close to the borders with Romania and Serbia , and is also the administrative centre of Vidin Province , as well as of the Metropolitan of Vidin ( since 870 ) . An agricultural and trade centre , Vidin has a fertile hinterland renowned for its wines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PKNS_FC", "text": "Football Association of Selangor II ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor II ) , also named Selangor II , is the reserve team of Selangor , and based in Shah Alam , in the state of Selangor . Founded in 1967 as part of the sports and recreation club for the Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ( Malay : Kelab Sukan dan Rekreasi Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ) ( KSR PKNS ) . The club was combined with Football Association of Selangor at end of 2019 as one club and was rebranded as a football club to be known as Selangor II . The team formerly known PKNS FC was then converted into a reserve team as part of the feeder club regulations and will begin the 2020 season as a reserve team of Selangor FA and will play in Premier League , holding home games at Selayang Stadium , with a 16,000-seat capacity . Unlike in England , reserve teams in Malaysia play in the same football pyramid as their first team rather than a separate league . However , reserve teams can not play in the same division as their first team . Therefore , the team is ineligible for promotion to Malaysia Super League , the division in which their parent side competes . Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the cup competitions . The team is officially known as Selangor II on the club 's official promotion and website , but Malaysian Football League , the governing body of Malaysia football League football system rules prohibit reserve teams from having different names than their parent team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Merdeka_station", "text": "The Merdeka MRT station is a mass rapid transit ( MRT ) underground station in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . It is one of the stations of the Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit ( KVMRT ) Sungai Buloh-Kajang Line and serves as an interchange station with Plaza Rakyat LRT station for LRT Ampang and Sri Petaling lines . The station was opened on 17 July 2017 under Phase Two operations of the MRT line . The station 's name translates to Independence in English and is taken from its location near the historic Stadium Merdeka ( Malay ; English : Independence Stadium ) , where the independence of the Federation of Malaya was declared on 31 August 1957 , and the covered Stadium Negara ( English : National Stadium ) . The station is located beneath Jalan Hang Jebat ( English : Hang Jebat Road ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herbert_B._Fredersdorf", "text": "Herbert B. Fredersdorf ( 2 October 1899 - 21 July 1971 ) was a German film editor , screenwriter and film director ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Four_Color", "text": "Four Color , also known as Four Color Comics and One Shots , was an American comic book anthology series published by Dell Comics between 1939 and 1962 . The title is a reference to the four basic colors used when printing comic books ( cyan , magenta , yellow and black at the time ) . The first 25 issues are known as series 1 . In mid-1942 , the numbering started over again , and series 2 began . After the first hundred issues of the second series , Dell stopped putting the Four Color Comics designation on the books , but they continued the numbering system for twenty years . More than 1,000 issues were published , usually with multiple titles released every month . An exact accounting of the actual number of unique issues produced is difficult because occasional issue numbers were skipped and a number of reprint issues were also included . Nonetheless , the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide lists well over 1,000 individual issues , ending with # 1354 . Comics historian Alberto Becattini cites 1332 issues . It currently holds the record for most issues produced of an American comic book ; its nearest rival , DC 's Action Comics , reached the 1,000-issue milestone in 2018 . Four Color published many of the first licensed Disney comics ; about 20 percent of the Four Color issues were devoted to Disney characters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alberton,_Gauteng", "text": "Alberton is a city situated on the southern part of the Eastrand , of the Gauteng Province in South Africa . It was incorporated into the Ekurhuleni metropolitan municipality in the year 2000 and celebrated its centenary year in 2005 . According to the 2011 census conducted by Statistics South Africa , it has a population of 121,536 ; but this figure excludes the black township of Thokoza , which has a population of 105,827 . Alberton is described as a typical bedroom community , one which is primarily residential in character , with most of its workers commuting to work in nearby suburbs or cities . The city has multiple access roads to all major freeways in Gauteng and is situated on the banks of the Natal Spruit close to the major urban centres of Johannesburg , which lies 15 km ( 9 mi ) to the northwest - and Pretoria - which is 76 km ( 47 mi ) to the north . Alberton has an elevation of approximately 1,570 m ( 5,150 ft ) above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blaise_Diagne_International_Airport", "text": "Blaise Diagne International Airport ( French : Aéroport international Blaise Diagne , IATA : DSS , ICAO : GOBD ) is an international airport near the town of Diass , Senegal , 43 kilometres ( 27 mi ) east of downtown Dakar . It serves as the main airport for Dakar , replacing Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport , which became too small . It is named after Blaise Diagne , the first black African elected to France 's parliament in 1914 . Regular flights are operated from it to destinations across many parts of Africa , as well as to Europe , Macaronesia , the Middle East , and the USA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Defoe", "text": "Daniel Defoe ( /dɪˈfoʊ/ ; c. 1660 - 24 April 1731 ) , born Daniel Foe , was an English trader , writer , journalist , pamphleteer and spy . He is most famous for his novel Robinson Crusoe , which is second only to the Bible in its number of translations . He has been seen as one of the earliest proponents of the English novel , and helped to popularise the form in Britain with others such as Aphra Behn and Samuel Richardson . Defoe wrote many political tracts and was often in trouble with the authorities , and spent a period in prison . Intellectuals and political leaders paid attention to his fresh ideas and sometimes consulted with him . Defoe was a prolific and versatile writer , producing more than three hundred works - books , pamphlets , and journals - on diverse topics , including politics , crime , religion , marriage , psychology , and the supernatural . He was also a pioneer of business journalism and economic journalism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gail_O'Brien", "text": "Joseph Gail O'Brien ( November 14 , 1911 - July 7 , 1978 ) was an American football tackle in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Boston Redskins . He played college football at the University of Nebraska . After retiring from professional football , O'Brien became the offensive line coach at Loyola University of Los Angeles - now known as Loyola Marymount University - in 1946 , under head coach Tony DeLellis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holly_Black", "text": "Holly Black née Riggenbach ( born November 10 , 1971 ) is an American writer and editor best known for The Spiderwick Chronicles , a series of children 's fantasy books she created with writer and illustrator Tony DiTerlizzi , and a trilogy of Young Adult novels officially called the Modern Faerie Tales trilogy . Her 2013 novel Doll Bones was named a Newbery Medal honor book ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broadsheet", "text": "A broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages ( typically 22.5 in ( 57 cm ) ) . Other common newspaper formats include the smaller Berliner and tabloid/compact formats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bungadoo,_Queensland", "text": "Bungadoo is a locality in the Bundaberg Region , Queensland , Australia . The area was formerly known as Albionville ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Showgirls", "text": "Showgirls is a 1995 erotic drama film written by Joe Eszterhas and directed by Paul Verhoeven . It stars former teen actress Elizabeth Berkley , Kyle MacLachlan , and Gina Gershon . The film centers on a street-smart drifter who ventures to Las Vegas and climbs the seedy hierarchy from stripper to showgirl . Produced on a then-sizable budget of approximately $ 45 million , significant controversy and hype surrounding the film 's amounts of sex and nudity preceded its theatrical release . In the United States , the film was rated NC-17 for nudity and erotic sexuality throughout , some graphic language , and sexual violence . Showgirls was the first ( and to date only ) NC-17 rated film to be given a wide release in mainstream theaters . Distributor United Artists dispatched several hundred staffers to theaters across North America playing Showgirls to ensure that patrons would not sneak into the theater from other films , and to make sure film-goers were over the age of 17 . Audience restriction due to the NC-17 rating coupled with poor reviews resulted in the film becoming a box office bomb , grossing just $ 37 million . Despite a negative theatrical and critical consensus , Showgirls enjoyed success on the home video market , generating more than $ 100 million from video rentals , allowing the film to turn a profit and become one of MGM 's top 20 all-time bestsellers . For its video premiere , Verhoeven prepared an R-rated cut for rental outlets that would not carry NC-17 films . This edited version runs 3 minutes shorter ( 128 minutes ) and deletes some of the more graphic footage . Despite being consistently ranked as one of the worst films ever made , Showgirls has become regarded as a cult classic , was released on Blu-ray in June 2010 and has even been subject to critical re-evaluation , with some notable directors and critics declaring it a serious satire worthy of praise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Yankees", "text": "The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of the Bronx . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) East division . They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City , the other being the National League 's ( NL ) New York Mets . The Yankees began play in the 1901 season as the Baltimore Orioles ( no relation to the modern Baltimore Orioles ) . In 1903 , Frank Farrell and Bill Devery purchased the franchise after it ceased operations and moved it to New York City , renaming the club the New York Highlanders . The Highlanders were officially renamed the New York Yankees in 1913 . The team is owned by Yankee Global Enterprises , an LLC that is controlled by the family of the late George Steinbrenner , who purchased the team in 1973 . Brian Cashman is the team 's general manager , and Aaron Boone is the team 's field manager . The team 's home games were played at the original Yankee Stadium from 1923 to 1973 and from 1976 to 2008 . In 1974 and 1975 , the Yankees shared Shea Stadium with the Mets , in addition to the New York Jets and the New York Giants . In 2009 , they moved into a new ballpark of the same name that was constructed adjacent to the previous facility , which was closed and demolished . The team is perennially among the leaders in MLB attendance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Thai_General_System_of_Transcription", "text": "The Royal Thai General System of Transcription ( RTGS ) is the official system for rendering Thai words in the Latin alphabet . It was published by the Royal Institute of Thailand . It is used in road signs and government publications and is the closest method to a standard of transcription for Thai , but its use , by even the government , is inconsistent . The system is almost identical to the one that is defined by ISO 11940-2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liverpool_F.C.", "text": "Liverpool Football Club is a professional football club in Liverpool , England , that competes in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . The club has won six European Cups , more than any other English club , three UEFA Cups , four UEFA Super Cups ( both also English records ) , one FIFA Club World Cup , eighteen League titles , seven FA Cups , a record eight League Cups , fifteen FA Community Shields and one Football League Super Cup . Founded in 1892 , the club joined the Football League the following year and has played at Anfield since its formation . Liverpool established itself as a major force in English and European football in the 1970s and 1980s when Bill Shankly , Bob Paisley , Joe Fagan and Kenny Dalglish led the club to a combined eleven League titles and four European Cups . Under the management of Rafael Benítez and captained by homegrown player Steven Gerrard , Liverpool became European champions for the fifth time in 2005 , before a sixth title was added under Jürgen Klopp in 2019 . Liverpool was the seventh highest-earning football club in the world in 2019 , with an annual revenue of €513.7 million , and the world 's eighth most valuable football club in 2019 , valued at $ 2.183 billion . The club is one of the most widely supported teams in the world . Liverpool has long-standing rivalries with Manchester United and Everton . The club 's supporters have been involved in two major tragedies : the Heysel Stadium disaster , where escaping fans were pressed against a collapsing wall at the 1985 European Cup Final in Brussels , with 39 people - mostly Italians and Juventus fans - dying , after which English clubs were given a five-year ban from European competition , and the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 , where 96 Liverpool supporters died in a crush against perimeter fencing . The team changed from red shirts and white shorts to an all-red home strip in 1964 which has been used ever since . Red has been the main shirt colour ever since 1896 . The club 's anthem is You 'll Never Walk Alone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ayoub_Baninosrat", "text": "Ayoub Baninosrat ( Persian : ایوب بنی‌نصرت , born in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan in Iran ) is an Iranian wrestler . He finished fifth in the 90 kg freestyle wrestling division at the 1992 Summer Olympic Games in Barcelona . Baninosrat was elected Pahlevan of Iran in 1992/93 & 1993/94 and is a university professor in Islamic Azad University of Tabriz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stinkers_Bad_Movie_Awards", "text": "The Stinkers Bad Movie Awards ( formerly known as the Hastings Bad Cinema Society ) was a Los Angeles-based group of film buffs and movie critics devoted to honoring the worst films of the year . The society was founded by Mike Lancaster and Ray Wright , two former ushers who met in the late 1970s at what is now the Pacific Hastings Theater in Pasadena , California ( from which the society originally got its name ) . The Stinkers Bad Movie Awards have been featured in Entertainment Weekly , USA Today , The Los Angeles Times , and on the BBC , CNN , as well as in several newspapers and magazines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All_the_President's_Men_(film)", "text": "All the President 's Men is a 1976 American political thriller film about the Watergate scandal , which brought down the presidency of Richard M. Nixon . Directed by Alan J. Pakula with a screenplay by William Goldman , it is based on the 1974 non-fiction book of the same name by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward , the two journalists investigating the Watergate scandal for The Washington Post . The film stars Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman as Woodward and Bernstein , respectively ; it was produced by Walter Coblenz for Redford 's Wildwood Enterprises . The film was nominated in multiple Oscar , Golden Globe and BAFTA categories , and , in 2010 , was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerald_Green", "text": "Gerald Green ( born January 26 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player . He was drafted by the Boston Celtics with the 18th overall pick in the 2005 NBA draft . Known for his dunking skill , he has performed well in many slam dunk competitions , having won the 2005 McDonald 's All-American Slam Dunk Contest and the 2007 NBA Slam Dunk Contest , while finishing as the runner-up in the 2008 NBA Slam Dunk Contest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Djarimirri", "text": "Djarimirri ( subtitled Child of the Rainbow ) is the first posthumous album and fourth studio album from Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu . The album was completed just weeks before his passing in July 2017 and presents traditional songs and harmonised chants from his traditional Yolngu life with orchestral arrangements . The album was released on 13 April 2018 and debuted at number 1 on the ARIA Charts , becoming Yunupingu first number one album . It is also the first time an Australian indigenous language album has peaked at number one , and he is only the second Aboriginal artist to have a number one album following Jessica Mauboy 's The Secret Daughter : Songs from the Original TV Series in October 2016 . Skinnyfish Music producer Michael Hohnen said It 's such an unlikely record to go number one . No beats , no programming , no pop formulas . It 's just kind of like the opposite of what you would expect but it 's an incredibly honest record and something that we 've spent so long making and been really passionate about , At the ARIA Music Awards of 2018 , Djarimirri was nominated for seven awards , winning four ; Best Male Artist , Best Independent Release , Best World Music Album and Best Cover Art . At the National Indigenous Music Awards of 2018 , Djarimirri won Album of the Year and the title track won Song of the Year . At the 2019 Australian Independent Awards , Djarimirri won Best Independent Album or EP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tingrith", "text": "Tingrith is a small village and civil parish in Bedfordshire , England . It is located adjacent to the M1 motorway near the large village of Toddington . The nearest major town is Luton , located about 10 miles ( 16 km ) to the southeast . The parish church of St Nicholas dates back to the 13th century and has Tingrith 's only cemetery . The church can seat up to 200 people . Tingrith has a population of 153 people - a ratio of 78:75 males to females , according to the 2011 census . Tingrith is mentioned in the Domesday Book ; the entry states Tingrei : Thorgils from Nigel d'Aubigny"}
{"title": "/wiki/Mao_Chi-kuo", "text": "Mao Chi-kuo ( traditional Chinese : 毛治國 ; simplified Chinese : 毛治国 ; pinyin : Máo Zhìguó ; born 4 October 1948 in Fenghua , Chekiang ) is a Chinese politician , who served as the Premier of the Republic of China ( ROC ) , the President of Executive Yuan from 2014 to 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aries_(comics)", "text": "The incarnations of Aries are fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The characters were usually depicted as members of incarnations of the supervillain group , the Zodiac . In the history of the Marvel Universe , seven different characters have assumed the role of Aries . All of them have been members of the villainous Zodiac and used horns on their head to ram their opponents . The third Aries was a Life Model Decoy created by Jake Fury . The second and fourth Aries ' were African-American ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kiwitea_Street", "text": "Kiwitea Street , also known as Freyberg Field , is a multi-purpose stadium in the suburb of Sandringham in Auckland , New Zealand . It is used for football ( soccer ) matches and is the home stadium of both Auckland City FC and Central United . Terraced seating can accommodate 250 patrons . The stadium is named for Bernard Freyberg , 1st Baron Freyberg . Kiwitea Street was the venue of the 2007 Chatham Cup final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mexico", "text": "Mexico ( Spanish : México [ ˈmexiko ] ( listen ) ; Nahuatl languages : Mēxihco ) , officially the United Mexican States ( UMS ; Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos , EUM [ esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos ] ( listen ) , lit . Mexican United States ) , is a country in the southern portion of North America . It is bordered to the north by the United States ; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; to the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico . Covering almost 2,000,000 square kilometers ( 770,000 sq mi ) , the nation is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent state in the world . With an estimated population of over 129 million people , Mexico is the tenth most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world , while being the second most populous nation in Latin America after Brazil . Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states plus Mexico City ( CDMX ) , which is the capital city and its most populous city . Other metropolises in the country include Guadalajara , Monterrey , Puebla , Toluca , Tijuana , and León . Pre-Columbian Mexico dates to about 8000 BC and is identified as one of six cradles of civilization and was home to many advanced Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Olmec , Toltec , Teotihuacan , Zapotec , Maya , and Aztec before first contact with Europeans . In 1521 , the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its politically powerful base in Mexico-Tenochtitlan ( part of Mexico City ) , which was administered as the viceroyalty of New Spain . The Roman Catholic Church played a powerful role in governing the country as millions were converted to the faith , although King Charles III expelled the Jesuits in the 1770s . The territory became a nation state following its recognition in 1821 after the Mexican War of Independence . The post-independence period was tumultuous , characterized by economic inequality and many contrasting political changes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Primeval_Beech_Forests_of_the_Carpathians_and_Other_Regions_of_Europe", "text": "Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe is a transnational composite nature UNESCO World Heritage site , encompassing forests in 12 European countries . The Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians include ten separate massifs located along the 185 km ( 115 mi ) long axis from the Rakhiv mountains and Chornohora ridge in Ukraine over the Poloniny Ridge ( Slovakia ) to the Vihorlat Mountains in Slovakia . The Ancient Beech Forests of Germany include five locations , cover 4,391 hectares and were added in 2011 . The Carpathian site covers a total area of 77,971.6 ha ( 192,672 acres ) , out of which only 29,278.9 ha ( 72,350 acres ) are part of the actual preserved area , while the rest is considered a buffer zone . Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians cover areas of Zakarpattia and Prešov Regions . Over 70% of the site is located in Ukraine . The area includes two national parks , and some habitat controlled areas , mostly in Slovakia . Both national parks , along with a neighboring area in Poland , compose a separate biosphere reserve , the East Carpathian Biosphere Reserve . Besides Havešová , Rožok , and Stužica ( all of them located in Bukovské vrchy ) , there is a fourth component situated in Slovakia , named Kyjovský prales of Vihorlat . Ukrainian locations include Chornohora , Kuziy-Trybushany , Maramarosh , Stuzhytsia-Uzhok , Svydovets , and Uholka-Shyrikyi Luh . Only a few of the ten components are accessible to visitors . Stužica is the only one of three locations in Bukovské vrchy ( Slovakia ) with available hiking trails ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McLaren", "text": "McLaren Racing Limited is a British motor racing team based at the McLaren Technology Centre , Woking , Surrey , England . McLaren is best known as a Formula One constructor and also has a history of competing in American open wheel racing as both an entrant and a chassis constructor , and has won the Canadian-American Challenge Cup ( Can-Am ) sports car racing championship . The team is the second oldest active , and second most successful Formula One team after Ferrari , having won 182 races , 12 Drivers ' Championships and eight Constructors ' Championships . The team is a wholly owned subsidiary of the McLaren Group . Founded in 1963 by New Zealander Bruce McLaren , the team won its first Grand Prix at the 1968 Belgian Grand Prix , but their greatest initial success was in Can-Am , which they dominated from 1967 to 1971 . Further American triumph followed , with Indianapolis 500 wins in McLaren cars for Mark Donohue in 1972 and Johnny Rutherford in 1974 and 1976 . After Bruce McLaren died in a testing accident in 1970 , Teddy Mayer took over and led the team to their first Formula One Constructors ' Championship in 1974 , with Emerson Fittipaldi and James Hunt winning the Drivers ' Championship in 1974 and 1976 respectively . The year 1974 also marked the start of a long-standing sponsorship by Phillip Morris ' Marlboro cigarette brand . In 1981 , McLaren merged with Ron Dennis ' Project Four Racing ; Dennis took over as team principal and shortly after organised a buyout of the original McLaren shareholders to take full control of the team . This began the team 's most successful era : with Porsche and Honda engines , Niki Lauda , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna took between them seven Drivers ' Championships and the team took six Constructors ' Championships . The combination of Prost and Senna was particularly dominant - together they won all but one race in 1988 - but later their rivalry soured and Prost left for Ferrari . Fellow English team Williams offered the most consistent challenge during this period , the two winning every constructors ' title between 1984 and 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christiane_F._–_We_Children_from_Bahnhof_Zoo", "text": "Christiane F. ( German : Christiane F. - Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ) is a 1981 German biographical drama film directed by Uli Edel that portrays the drug scene in West Berlin in the 1970s , based on the 1978 non-fiction book Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ( We Children from Zoo Station ) , transcribed and edited from tape recordings by Kai Hermann and Horst Rieck . The film immediately acquired cult status and features David Bowie as both himself and the soundtrack composer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fred_Astaire", "text": "Fred Astaire ( born Frederick Austerlitz ; May 10 , 1899 - June 22 , 1987 ) was an American dancer , singer , actor , choreographer , and television presenter . He is widely considered the most influential dancer in the history of film . His stage and subsequent film and television careers spanned a total of 76 years . He starred in more than 10 Broadway and West End musicals , made 31 musical films , four television specials , and issued numerous recordings . As a dancer , his most outstanding traits were his uncanny sense of rhythm , his perfectionism , and his innovation . His most memorable dancing partnership was with Ginger Rogers , with whom he co-starred in a series of ten Hollywood musicals . The American Film Institute named Astaire the fifth greatest male star of Classic Hollywood cinema in 100 Years . 100 Stars . Gene Kelly , another renowned star of filmed dance , said that the history of dance on film begins with Astaire . Later , he asserted that Astaire was the only one of today 's dancers who will be remembered . Beyond film and television , many dancers and choreographers , including Rudolf Nureyev , Sammy Davis Jr. , Michael Jackson , Gregory Hines , Mikhail Baryshnikov , George Balanchine , Jerome Robbins , Madhuri Dixit , and Bob Fosse , who called Astaire his idol , also acknowledged his influence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sven_Colliander", "text": "Sven August Wilhelm Colliander ( 23 May 1890 - 16 September 1961 ) was a Swedish Lieutenant General and horse rider who competed in the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hong_Kong", "text": "Hong Kong ( /ˌhɒŋˈkɒŋ/ ( listen ) ; Chinese : 香港 , Cantonese : [ hœ́ːŋ.kɔ̌ːŋ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China ( HKSAR ) , is a city and special administrative region on the eastern side of the Pearl River estuary in southern China . With over 7.4 million people of various nationalities [ d ] in a 1,104-square-kilometre ( 426 sq mi ) territory , Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places in the world . Hong Kong became a colony of the British Empire after Qing Empire ceded Hong Kong Island at the end of the First Opium War in 1842 . The colony expanded to the Kowloon Peninsula in 1860 after the Second Opium War , and was further extended when Britain obtained a 99-year lease of the New Territories in 1898 . The territory was returned to China in 1997 . As a special administrative region , Hong Kong maintains separate governing and economic systems from that of mainland China under the principle of one country , two systems . Originally a sparsely populated area of farming and fishing villages , the territory has become one of the world 's most significant financial centres and commercial ports . It is the world 's tenth-largest exporter and ninth-largest importer . As one of the world 's leading international financial centres , Hong Kong has a major capitalist service economy characterised by low taxation and free trade , and the currency , Hong Kong dollar , is the eighth most traded currency in the world . Hong Kong hosts the largest concentration of ultra high-net-worth individuals of any city in the world . Although the city has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , there is severe income inequality among its residents . Hong Kong is a highly developed territory and ranks fourth on the UN Human Development Index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roy_McCurdy", "text": "Roy McCurdy ( born November 28 , 1936 ) is a jazz drummer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Import", "text": "An import in the receiving country is an export from the sending country . Importation and exportation are the defining financial transactions of international trade . In international trade , the importation and exportation of goods are limited by import quotas and mandates from the customs authority . The importing and exporting jurisdictions may impose a tariff ( tax ) on the goods . In addition , the importation and exportation of goods are subject to trade agreements between the importing and exporting jurisdictions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 2006 Stanley Cup playoffs for the National Hockey League ( NHL ) championship began on April 21 , 2006 , following the 2005-06 regular season . The 16 teams that qualified , seeded one through eight from each conference , played best-of-seven series with re-seeding after the Conference Quarterfinals . The conference champions played a best-of-seven series for the Stanley Cup . The Finals concluded on June 19 with the Carolina Hurricanes winning the Stanley Cup , defeating the Edmonton Oilers in the final series four games to three . Carolina goaltender Cam Ward was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as Most Valuable Player of the playoffs . The Edmonton Oilers would miss the playoffs each year thereafter until 2017 . This was also the last time that the Pittsburgh Penguins missed the playoffs . While the 2005-06 season introduced a shootout to break ties after five minutes of four-on-four overtime , the Stanley Cup playoffs retained their traditional format of unlimited 20-minute periods of five-on-five sudden-death overtime to break ties . The Western Conference made history in the first round when all four series were won by the lower-seeded teams ( conversely , all four series in the Eastern Conference were won by the higher-seeded teams ) . The eighth- and lowest-seeded Oilers proceeded to win the Western Conference and participate in the Stanley Cup Finals . Four Canadian teams qualified for the playoffs this year , this total was not equaled again until 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colombo_Crime_Family", "text": "The Colombo crime family ( pronounced [ koˈlombo ] ) is the youngest of the Five Families that dominates organized crime activities in New York City , United States , within the nationwide criminal organization known as the American Mafia . It was during Lucky Luciano 's organization of the American Mafia after the Castellammarese War , and the assassinations of Giuseppe Joe The Boss Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano , that the gang run by Joseph Profaci was recognized as the Profaci crime family . The family traces its roots to a bootlegging gang formed by Joseph Profaci in 1928 . Profaci would rule his family without interruption or challenge until the late 1950s . The family has been torn by three internal wars . The first war took place during the late 1950s when capo Joe Gallo revolted against Profaci , but it lost momentum in the early 1960s when Gallo was arrested and Profaci died of cancer . The family was not reunited until the early 1960s under Joseph Colombo . In 1971 , the second family war began after Gallo 's release from prison and the shooting of Colombo . Colombo supporters led by Carmine Persico won the second war after the exiling of the remaining Gallo crew to the Genovese family in 1975 . The family would then enjoy over 15 years of peace under Persico and his string of acting bosses . In 1991 , the third and bloodiest war erupted when acting boss Victor Orena tried to seize power from the imprisoned Carmine Persico . The family split into factions loyal to Orena and Persico , and two years of mayhem ensued ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golden_West_Broadcasting", "text": "Golden West Broadcasting is a Canadian radio broadcasting company based in Altona , Manitoba , Canada . It currently owns and operates a number of radio stations in the prairie provinces of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba , and the Northwestern Ontario region . Through its Golden West Sound Design division , the company also supplies broadcast equipment sales and technical services as well as sound system consultation and installation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adachi,_Tokyo", "text": "Adachi ( 足立区 , Adachi-ku ) is a special ward located in Tokyo Metropolis , Japan . It is located north of the heart of Tokyo . The ward consists of two separate areas : a small strip of land between the Sumida River and Arakawa River and a larger area north of the Arakawa River . The ward is bordered by the cities of Kawaguchi , Sōka and Yashio in Saitama and Katsushika , Sumida , Arakawa , and Kita in Tokyo . The ward is called Adachi City in English . As of May 1 , 2015 , the ward has an estimated population of 692,707 , and a population density of 13,010 persons per km² . The total area is 53.25 km² . The Adachi Land Transportation Office is located here , and automobiles registered at this office bear Adachi number plates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slovakia_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Slovakia national under-19 football team , controlled by the Slovak Football Association , is Slovakia 's national under 19 football team and is considered to be a feeder team for the Slovakia U21 team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_Pictures", "text": "Republic Pictures Corporation was an American motion picture production-distribution corporation in operation from 1935 to 1967 , that was based in Los Angeles , California . It had studio facilities in Studio City and a movie ranch in Encino . It was best known for specializing in Westerns , serials and B films emphasizing mystery and action . Republic was also notable for developing the careers of John Wayne , Gene Autry and Roy Rogers . It was also responsible for the financing and distribution of several films directed by John Ford during the 1940s and early 1950s and one Shakespeare film , Macbeth ( 1948 ) , directed by Orson Welles . Under Herbert J. Yates , Republic was considered a mini-major film studio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ESPN", "text": "ESPN ( originally an initialism for Entertainment and Sports Programming Network ) is an American basic cable sports channel owned by ESPN Inc. , owned jointly by The Walt Disney Company ( 80% ) and Hearst Communications ( 20% ) . The company was founded in 1979 by Bill Rasmussen along with his son Scott Rasmussen and Ed Egan . ESPN broadcasts primarily from studio facilities located in Bristol , Connecticut . The network also operates offices in Miami , New York City , Seattle , Charlotte , and Los Angeles . James Pitaro currently serves as chairman of ESPN , a position he has held since March 5 , 2018 , following the resignation of John Skipper on December 18 , 2017 . While ESPN is one of the most successful sports networks , there has been much criticism of ESPN , which includes accusations of biased coverage , conflict of interest , and controversies with individual broadcasters and analysts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1996", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1996 , the 14th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Las Cruces , New Mexico on 21 August 1996 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Christie Lee Woods of Texas was crowned by outgoing queen Keylee Sue Sanders of Kansas . The pageant was hosted by Bob Goen for the third and final year , with color commentary by Shari Belafonte and entertainment from The Monkees . This was the only year that the pageant was held in Las Cruces , although Albuquerque had previously played host to the 1987 Miss USA pageant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lezhë", "text": "Lezhë ( Albanian : Lezha or Lezhë , Albanian pronunciation : [ ˈlɛʒə ] ) is a town and municipality in northwest Albania , in the county with the same name . One of the main strongholds of the Labeates , the earliest of the fortification walls of the city seems to date to the late 4th century BC and to be of native Illyrian construction . On the same site , an ancient Greek colony named Lissos was founded by Dionysius I of Syracuse . The city was later alternatively under Illyrian , Macedonian and Roman rule . The present municipality was formed at the 2015 local government reform by the merger of the former municipalities Balldren , Blinisht , Dajç , Kallmet , Kolsh , Lezhë , Shëngjin , Shënkoll , Ungrej and Zejmen , that became municipal units . The seat of the municipality is the town Lezhë . The total population is 65,633 ( 2011 census ) , in a total area of 514.97 square kilometres ( 199 square miles ) . The population of the former municipality at the 2011 census was 15,510 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta_Hawks", "text": "The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta . The Hawks compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Southeast Division . The team plays its home games at State Farm Arena . The team 's origins can be traced to the establishment of the Buffalo Bisons in 1946 in Buffalo , New York , a member of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) owned by Ben Kerner and Leo Ferris . After 38 days in Buffalo , the team moved to Moline , Illinois , where they were renamed the Tri-Cities Blackhawks . In 1949 , they joined the NBA as part of the merger between the NBL and the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) , and briefly had Red Auerbach as coach . In 1951 , Kerner moved the team to Milwaukee , where they changed their name to the Hawks . Kerner and the team moved again in 1955 to St. Louis , where they won their only NBA Championship in 1958 and qualified to play in the NBA Finals in 1957 , 1960 and 1961 . The Hawks played the Boston Celtics in all four of their trips to the NBA Finals . The St. Louis Hawks moved to Atlanta in 1968 , when Kerner sold the franchise to Thomas Cousins and former Georgia Governor Carl Sanders . The Hawks currently own the second-longest drought ( behind the Sacramento Kings ) of not winning an NBA championship at 60 seasons . The franchise 's lone NBA championship , as well as all four NBA Finals appearances , occurred when the team was based in St. Louis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harold_Bride", "text": "Harold Sydney Bride ( 11 January 1890 - 29 April 1956 ) was a British sailor and the junior wireless officer on the ocean liner RMS Titanic during its ill-fated maiden voyage . After the Titanic struck an iceberg at 11:40 pm 14 April 1912 , Bride and his senior colleague Jack Phillips were responsible for relaying CQD messages to ships in the vicinity , which led to the survivors being picked up by the RMS Carpathia . The men remained at their posts until the ship 's power was almost completely out . Bride was washed off the ship as the boat deck flooded , but managed to scramble onto the upturned lifeboat Collapsible ' B ' , and was rescued by the Carpathia later in the morning . Despite being injured , he helped Harold Cottam , the Carpathia 's wireless operator and a personal friend of his , transmit survivor lists and personal messages from the ship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan", "text": "Japan ( Japanese : 日本 , Nippon [ ɲippoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) or Nihon [ ɲihoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) ) is an island country located in East Asia . It is bordered by the Sea of Japan to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east , and spans more than 3,000 kilometers ( 1,900 mi ) along the coast of the continent from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Philippine Sea in the south . Part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , Japan encompasses a stratovolcanic archipelago of about 6,852 islands , with five main islands ( Hokkaido , Honshu , Kyushu , Shikoku , and Okinawa ) comprising 97% of the country 's total area of 377,975 square kilometers ( 145,937 sq mi ) . Japan is officially divided into 47 prefectures and traditionally into eight regions . Approximately two-thirds of the country 's terrain is mountainous and heavily forested , and less than one-eighth of land is suitable for agriculture . Consequently , Japan is among the most densely populated and urbanized countries in the world , with over 90% of its population living in urban areas . The largest of these is the metropolitan area centered on the capital city of Tokyo , which is the most populous in the world and home to more than 38 million people . Japan itself is the world 's eleventh most populous country with a population of 126.2 million , of which 97.8% are ethnically Japanese . The kanji ( or Chinese characters ) that make up the name of Japan in the Japanese language mean sun origin ; in the Western world , the country is often known by the sobriquet Land of the Rising Sun . Periods of influence from other regions , primarily China , followed by periods of isolation , particularly from Western Europe , have characterized the history of Japan . While archaeological evidence indicates that Japan was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period , the first written mention of the archipelago appears in Chinese texts from the first century AD . Between the fourth and ninth centuries , the kingdoms of Japan became gradually unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō ( modern Kyoto ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stonehaven", "text": "Stonehaven ( /stoʊnˈheɪvən/ ( listen ) ; [ stinˈhaiv ] ( listen ) ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland . It lies on Scotland 's northeast coast and had a population of 11,602 at the 2011 Census . After the demise of the town of Kincardine , which was gradually abandoned after the destruction of its royal castle in the Wars of Independence , the Scottish Parliament made Stonehaven the successor county town of Kincardineshire . Stonehaven had grown around an Iron Age fishing village , now the Auld Toon ( old town ) , and expanded inland from the seaside . As late as the 16th century , old maps indicate the town was called Stonehyve , Stonehive , Pont also adding the alternative Duniness . It is known informally to locals as Stoney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jenny_Schmidgall-Potter", "text": "Jennifer Lynn Schmidgall-Potter ( born January 12 , 1979 ) is an American ice hockey player . She is a member of the United States women 's national ice hockey team . She won a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics , silver medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics and 2010 Winter Olympics , and a bronze medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics . Currently , she plays for the Minnesota Whitecaps of the Western Women 's Hockey League , where she won the league championship and was named MVP for the 2008-09 season . She was selected to the 2010 US Olympic team and was the only mother on the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Serhiy_Potalov", "text": "Serhiy Potalov ( Ukrainian : Сергій Поталов ; Russian : Сергей Поталов : Sergei Potalov ) is a Ukrainian former pair skater . He teamed up with Olena Bilousivska in mid-1994 . In autumn 1995 , they won silver at the Nebelhorn Trophy and bronze at Skate Israel . They placed in the top ten at the 1995 European Championships in Dortmund , the 1996 European Championships in Sofia , and the 1996 World Championships in Edmonton . The pair was coached by Halyna Kukhar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tommy_Milner", "text": "Tommy Milner ( born January 28 , 1986 ) , [ failed verification ] is an American GM factory racing and test driver , currently also employed full-time in Corvette Racing . Tommy started karting at the age of 14 and began his career as a sports car driver in the 2004 and 2005 Grand-Am seasons . He drove for Panoz in 2006 and 2008 and for Rahal Letterman Racing in 2007 , 2009 and 2010 in the American Le Mans Series . In 2010 he finished 3rd in the GT Driver 's Championship . In 2011 , he decided to make the switch to Corvette Racing . Currently he drives the Chevrolet Corvette C7.R with co-driver Oliver Gavin . In addition to driving for Corvette Racing in 2011 he also drove for Team Need for Speed Schubert at the 2011 24 Hours of Nürburgring . The highlight of Tommy 's career so far is a class victory at the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans driving a Chevrolet Corvette C6.R with teammates Antonio García and Olivier Beretta . He also won his first American Le Mans Series race at the 2012 American Le Mans Series at Long Beach . In 2013 he took his first class victory at the 12 Hours of Sebring ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kauhajoen_Karhu", "text": "Kauhajoki Karhu Basket ( ) , is a Finnish basketball team from Kauhajoki . The team plays in Korisliiga , the highest tier of Finnish basketball . In 2018 , the club achieved their first Korisliiga title ever after defeating Salon Vilpas 4-2 in the finals . It successfully defended its title the next season to repeat as Finnish champions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinocchio", "text": "Pinocchio ( /pɪˈnoʊkioʊ/ pih-NOH-kee-oh , Italian : [ piˈnɔkkjo ] ) is a fictional character and the protagonist of the children 's novel The Adventures of Pinocchio ( 1883 ) by Italian writer Carlo Collodi of Florence , Tuscany . Pinocchio was carved by a woodcarver named Geppetto in a Tuscan village . He was created as a wooden puppet but he dreams of becoming a real boy . He is notably characterized for his frequent tendency to lie , which causes his nose to grow . Pinocchio is a cultural icon . He is one of the most reimagined characters in children 's literature . His story has been adapted into other media , notably the 1940 Disney film Pinocchio . The origin of the name Pinocchio is uncertain ; it may be related to the word pino ( pine ) , as the puppet is made of wood , in the diminutive Tuscan form pinocchio ( hence equivalent to little piney ) - the author used Florentine dialect frequently in the book - and is also similar to Pino , a nickname for Giuseppe ( the Italian form of Joseph ) , of which Geppetto ( the name of Pinocchio 's maker ) is also a nickname ( hence equivalent to little Joey ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Zuckerberg", "text": "Mark Elliot Zuckerberg ( /ˈzʌkərbɜːrɡ/ ; born May 14 , 1984 ) is an American internet entrepreneur and philanthropist . Zuckerberg is known for co-founding and leading Facebook , Inc. and its namesake social networking website as its chairman , chief executive officer , and controlling shareholder . He also co-founded and is a board member of the solar sail spacecraft development project Breakthrough Starshot . Born in White Plains , New York , Zuckerberg attended Harvard University , where he launched Facebook from his dormitory room on February 4 , 2004 , with college roommates Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes . Originally launched to select college campuses , the site expanded rapidly and eventually beyond colleges , reaching one billion users by 2012 . Zuckerberg took the company public in May 2012 with majority shares . His net worth is estimated to be $ 74 billion as of December 2019 , increasing over the past year with Facebook stock as a whole . In 2007 , at age 23 , he became the world 's youngest self-made billionaire . As of 2019 , he is the only person under 50 in the Forbes ten richest people list , and the only one under 40 in the Top 20 Billionaires list . Since 2010 , Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award . In December 2016 , Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World 's Most Powerful People ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alianza_Lima", "text": "Club Alianza Lima ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈkluβ a.ˈljãn.sa ˈli.ma ] ) is a Peruvian professional sports club based in La Victoria District of Lima , Peru . It is widely known for having one of the most historical and successful professional football teams of Peru : they have won a total of twenty-three league titles of the Peruvian First Division and are currently the oldest team playing in this competition , since the club was founded in 1901 . Alianza 's home stadium is the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva , named after Alejandro Villanueva , one of the most important players the club had in their history . The stadium is also popularly known as Matute , name of the neighbourhood in which it is located . It is the most popular side in Peru , having the highest number of fans and followers . Alianza enjoyed success throughout the first decades of their professional era . In 1987 , a tragedy struck Alianza when the entire squad and coaching staff died in an airplane crash as the team was returning from an away fixture . Alianza Lima has had a huge , long-standing rivalry with Universitario de Deportes , another popular football team of Lima , Peru . They play the Peruvian Clásico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1929_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1928-29 NHL season was the 12th season of the National Hockey League . Ten teams played 44 games each . This was the first Stanley Cup final that saw two United States-based teams compete for the cup . The Boston Bruins defeated the New York Rangers two games to none in the best-of-three final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orenburg", "text": "Orenburg ( Russian : Оренбург , IPA : [ ərʲɪnˈburk ] , Kazakh : Орынбор , romanized : Orynbor ) is the administrative center of Orenburg Oblast , Russia . It lies on the Ural River , 1,478 kilometers ( 918 mi ) southeast of Moscow , on the boundary of Europe and Asia . Orenburg is also very close to the border with Kazakhstan . Population : 548,331 ( 2010 Census ) ; 549,361 ( 2002 Census ) ; 546,501 ( 1989 Census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myx_Music_Awards_2016", "text": "Myx Music Awards 2016 is the 11th installment of the Myx Music Awards acknowledging the past year 's biggest hitmakers in the Philippine music industry . For the fifth consecutive year , fans can vote online through Myx website . Nominees were announced on February 9 , 2016 starting at 6pm via MYX channel and live streaming . Leading the nominees were singers Bamboo , Darren Espanto , Nadine Lustre , and Julie Anne San Jose with five nominations each ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Negeri_Pulau_Pinang_Stadium", "text": "Penang State Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Negeri Pulau Pinang ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Batu Kawan , South Seberang Perai , Penang , Malaysia . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium has a capacity of 40,000 people . It was built in 2000 . The stadium has been built to host the 8th Sukma Games ( Malaysian Games ) in 2000 . In 2007 , this stadium hosted the Malaysian FA Cup Final . The match was won by Kedah FA 4-2 in penalties shoot-out ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hughenden,_Alberta", "text": "Hughenden /hjuːˈɛndən/ is a village in central Alberta , Canada . It is located 49 km south of Wainwright , in the Municipal District of Provost No . 52 , along Highway 13 . The community takes its name from the Hughenden Manor , home of Benjamin Disraeli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/English_National_Opera", "text": "English National Opera ( ENO ) is an opera company based in London , resident at the London Coliseum in St Martin 's Lane . It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with The Royal Opera , Covent Garden . ENO 's productions are sung in English . The company 's origins were in the late 19th century , when the philanthropist Emma Cons , later assisted by her niece Lilian Baylis , presented theatrical and operatic performances at the Old Vic , for the benefit of local people . Baylis subsequently built up both the opera and the theatre companies , and later added a ballet company ; these evolved into ENO , the Royal National Theatre and The Royal Ballet , respectively . Baylis acquired and rebuilt the Sadler 's Wells theatre in north London , a larger house , better suited to opera than the Old Vic . The opera company grew there into a permanent ensemble in the 1930s . During the Second World War , the theatre was closed and the company toured British towns and cities . After the war , the company returned to its home , but it continued to expand and improve . By the 1960s , a larger theatre was needed . In 1968 , the company moved to the London Coliseum and adopted its present name in 1974 . Among the conductors associated with the company have been Colin Davis , Reginald Goodall , Charles Mackerras , Mark Elder and Edward Gardner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Len_Ford", "text": "Leonard Guy Ford Jr. ( February 18 , 1926 - March 14 , 1972 ) was an American football player who played at the offensive and defensive end positions from 1944 to 1958 . He played college football for the University of Michigan and professional football for the Los Angeles Dons , Cleveland Browns and Green Bay Packers . He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1976 and the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1996 . Ford was an all-city athlete at his high school in Washington , D.C. , and attended Morgan State University after graduating in 1944 . After a brief stint in the U.S. Navy the following year , he transferred to Michigan , where he played on the Michigan Wolverines football team as an offensive and defensive end . He played for Michigan from 1945 to 1947 and was a member of the undefeated 1947 team that has been selected as the best team in the history of Michigan football . Ford was passed over in all 32 rounds of the 1948 NFL Draft , but was selected by the Los Angeles Dons of the rival All-America Football Conference ( AAFC ) , where he played for two seasons as an offensive and defensive end . After the AAFC dissolved in 1949 , Ford played eight seasons as a defensive end for the Cleveland Browns . During those eight seasons , the Browns advanced to the NFL championship game seven times , won three championships , and allowed the fewest points in the NFL six times . Ford was one of the dominant defensive players of his era , having a rare combination of size and speed that helped him disrupt opposing offenses and force fumbles . He was selected as a first-team All-NFL player five times and played in four Pro Bowls . He was also one of two defensive ends named to the National Football League 1950s All-Decade Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Sharp", "text": "As of the end of the 2015 season , a total of 224 players have played at least one senior game for the West Coast Eagles , an Australian rules football team in the Australian Football League . A number of other players were listed ( or are listed ) with the club for periods of time without making their debut , some of whom played at senior level for other AFL teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swimming_at_the_1964_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1964 Summer Olympics , eighteen swimming events were contested , ten for men and eight for women . There were a total of 405 participants from 42 countries competing . For the first time , the 4×100 metres freestyle relay for men and the 400 metres individual medley for both men and women were contested . Olympic records were broken in all events and the world record was broken in ten events . This competition also marked the debut of electronic touchpads for timing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1984 Big Sky Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 9-10 at the Dee Events Center at Weber State College in Ogden , Utah . Fourth-seeded Nevada defeated Montana in the championship game , 71-69 , to clinch their first Big Sky tournament title . In the semifinals , the Wolf Pack shocked regular season champion , defending tournament champion , and host Weber State by seventeen points ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1996_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The shooting competitions at the 1996 Summer Olympics took place at the Wolf Creek Shooting Complex near Atlanta , United States . Competitions were held in men 's events and women 's events . For men 's and women 's double trap , it was the first Olympic competition , a women 's shotgun event also had been added . In addition , the number of targets in trap and skeet had been reduced from 200 to 125 , and the final rules for all events were changed so that any post-final ties would be broken by shoot-offs , as opposed to the previous rule that preferred the shooter with worse qualification score and better final score ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tevin_Reese", "text": "Tevin Karnell Reese ( born January 2 , 1991 ) is a former American football wide receiver . He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the seventh round of the 2014 NFL Draft . He played college football at Baylor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valefield_Park", "text": "Kilbirnie Ladeside Football Club are a Scottish football club , from Kilbirnie , North Ayrshire . Based at Valefield Park , they are members of the Scottish Junior Football Association and currently play in the West Super League Premier Division . Their main rivals are Beith Juniors . The club nickname , The Blasties , derives from a Robert Burns poem , The Inventory , written in 1786 . My furr-ahin 's a wordy beast , As e'er in tug or tow was traced . The fourth 's a Highland Donald hastle , A damn 'd red-wud Kilburnie blastie !"}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Park_(Downtown_Los_Angeles)", "text": "South Park is a commercial district in southwestern Downtown Los Angeles , California . It is the location of the Los Angeles Convention Center , the Staples Center , and the L.A. Live entertainment complex . The District includes all property within a boundary that begins on the north at 9th Street and the 110 Freeway and runs east to Flower Street then south to Olympic Boulevard , east on Olympic Boulevard to mid-block across Hill Street then south to 11th Street then east to mid-block across Broadway forming the northern boundary . From there the eastern boundary runs south across 12th Street , past Pico Boulevard , past 14th Street , past 15th Street , across Venice Boulevard to the centerline of 17th Street . From there the southern boundary runs west along 17th Street/Santa Monica ( 10 ) Freeway across Broadway , past Hill Street , past Olive Street , past Grand Avenue , past Hope Street , past Flower Street , across Figueroa Street to behind the Convention Center along Convention Center Drive . From there the western boundary runs north along L.A. Live Way ( Cherry Street ) across Pico Boulevard , past 12th Street , past Chick Hearn Court ( 11th Street ) across Olympic Boulevard to 9th Street and the Harbor"}
{"title": "/wiki/1924_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1924 Summer Olympics ( French : Les Jeux olympiques d'été de 1924 ) , officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1924 in Paris , France . It was the second time Paris hosted the games , after 1900 . The selection process for the 1924 Summer Olympics consisted of six bids , and Paris was selected ahead of Amsterdam , Barcelona , Los Angeles , Prague , and Rome . The selection was made at the 20th IOC Session in Lausanne in 1921 . The cost of the Games of the VIII Olympiad was estimated to be 10,000,000₣ . With total receipts at 5,496,610₣ , the Olympics resulted in a hefty loss despite crowds that reached 60,000 people at a time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , having 229 athletes competing compared to France 's 401 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fredericton_(electoral_district)", "text": "Fredericton ( formerly Fredericton - York - Sunbury ) is a federal electoral district in New Brunswick , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1988 . Its population in 2001 was 82,782 . Its predecessor riding , York - Sunbury , was represented in the House of Commons from 1917 to 1988 . The district includes the city of Fredericton , and the towns of Oromocto , and Minto and vicinity . The neighbouring ridings are Miramichi , Beauséjour , Fundy Royal , New Brunswick Southwest , and Tobique - Mactaquac ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gabrielle_Fitzpatrick", "text": "Gabrielle Fitzpatrick ( born 1 February 1967 ) is an Australian film and television actress . She first appeared in the Italian film Via Montenapoleone directed by Carlo Vanzina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1990", "text": "The 25th Biathlon World Championships were held in 1990 for the third time in Minsk , Belarus , at that time part of the Soviet Union , in Oslo , Norway and in Kontiolahti , Finland . Due to unconducive weather conditions during the season it was only possible to hold the individual competitions in Minsk . The sprints , the women 's relay and team events were held in Oslo and the men 's relay was finally held in Kontiolahti ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Becki_Newton", "text": "Rebecca Sara Newton ( born July 4 , 1978 ) is an American actress , known for her roles as Amanda Tanen on Ugly Betty and Quinn Garvey on How I Met Your Mother ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prague", "text": "Prague ( /prɑːɡ/ ; Czech : Praha [ ˈpraɦa ] ( listen ) , German : Prag , Latin : Praga ) is the capital and largest city in the Czech Republic , the 13th largest city in the European Union and the historical capital of Bohemia . Situated on the Vltava river , Prague is home to about 1.3 million people , while its metropolitan area is estimated to have a population of 2.6 million . The city has a temperate oceanic climate , with relatively warm summers and chilly winters . Prague is a political , cultural and economic centre of central Europe complete with a rich history . Founded during the Romanesque and flourishing by the Gothic , Renaissance and Baroque eras , Prague was the capital of the Kingdom of Bohemia and the main residence of several Holy Roman Emperors , most notably of Charles IV ( r. 1346-1378 ) . It was an important city to the Habsburg Monarchy and its Austro-Hungarian Empire . The city played major roles in the Bohemian and Protestant Reformation , the Thirty Years ' War and in 20th-century history as the capital of Czechoslovakia between the World Wars and the post-war Communist era . Prague is home to a number of well-known cultural attractions , many of which survived the violence and destruction of 20th-century Europe . Main attractions include Prague Castle , Charles Bridge , Old Town Square with the Prague astronomical clock , the Jewish Quarter , Petřín hill and Vyšehrad . Since 1992 , the extensive historic centre of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites . The city has more than ten major museums , along with numerous theatres , galleries , cinemas and other historical exhibits . An extensive modern public transportation system connects the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukrainian_Canadian", "text": "Ukrainian Canadians ( Ukrainian : Українські канадці , Україноканадці , romanized : Ukrayins'ki kanadtsi , Ukrayinokanadtsi ; French : Canadiens d'origine ukrainienne ) are Canadian citizens of Ukrainian descent or Ukrainian-born people who immigrated to Canada . In 2016 , there were an estimated 1,359,655 persons of full or partial Ukrainian origin residing in Canada ( the majority being Canadian-born citizens ) , making them Canada 's eleventh largest ethnic group and giving Canada the world 's third-largest Ukrainian population behind Ukraine itself and Russia . Self-identified Ukrainians are the plurality in several rural areas of Western Canada . According to the 2011 census , of the 1,251,170 who identified as Ukrainian , only 144,260 ( or 11.5% ) could speak either the modern Ukrainian language or the historic Canadian Ukrainian dialect ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lillix", "text": "Lillix ( /ˈlɪlɪks/ ) was a pop/rock band from Cranbrook , British Columbia , Canada , formed under the name Tigerlily in 1997 when the early members were in high school . The band was originally an all-girls band composed of guitarist Tasha-Ray Evin , keyboardist Lacey-Lee Evin , bassist Louise Burns , and drummer Sierra Hills . In 2001 the band was signed by Maverick Records and changed their name to Lillix as there was another band called Tigerlily . Hills left in 2002 and was replaced by Kim Urhahn , and later by Alicia Warrington . The Evin sisters announced that as of late 2006 the band was considered on hiatus due to the folding of their label , Maverick . The band announced its return in 2009 , and released their third album Tigerlily independently in Canada on 24 August 2010 . Sales of the album were poor and band activity ceased shortly thereafter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_African_cricket_team_in_India_in_2015–16", "text": "The South African cricket team toured India from 29 September to 7 December 2015 . The tour consisted of four Test matches , five One Day International ( ODI ) and three Twenty20 International ( T20I ) matches . This was the first time a four-match Test series between the two nations has been played in India and the first time that South Africa played a T20I against India in India . India won the Test series while South Africa won both the ODI and T20I series . Starting with this series , all bilateral tours between India and South Africa were called the Mahatma Gandhi-Nelson Mandela series , with the teams playing for the Freedom Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portuguese_Meteorological_Institute", "text": "The Instituto Português do Mar e da Amosfera ( Portuguese Institute of the Sea and the Atmosphere ) or IPMA is the national meteorological , seismic , sea and atmospheric organization of Portugal . The IPMA was originally created in 1944 as the National Meteorological Service , assuming the present name in 2012 , when it assumed also the responsibility for the fisheries and sea research that were formally under the responsibility of other agencies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forbidden_(1984_film)", "text": "Forbidden is a 1984 drama film directed by Anthony Page and starring Jacqueline Bisset , Jürgen Prochnow and Irene Worth . The plot is inspired by the life of Maria von Maltzan originally told in the non-fiction book The Last Jews in Berlin by Leonard Gross about a countess who hides her Jewish boyfriend in her apartment in World War II . It was a co-production between England and West Germany . It was broadcast on television in the USA , but released in cinemas in other countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rob_Green_(film_director)", "text": "Rob Green is a film director , producer , editor and screenwriter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terrorism", "text": "Terrorism is , in the broadest sense , the use of intentional violence for political or religious purposes . It is used in this regard primarily to refer to violence during peacetime or in the context of war against non-combatants ( mostly civilians and neutral military personnel ) . The terms terrorist and terrorism originated during the French Revolution of the late 18th century but gained mainstream popularity in the 1970s during the conflicts of Northern Ireland , the Basque Country and Palestine . The increased use of suicide attacks from the 1980s onwards was typified by the September 11 attacks in New York City and Washington , D.C. in 2001 . There are different definitions of terrorism . Terrorism is a charged term . It is often used with the connotation of something that is morally wrong . Governments and non-state groups use the term to abuse or denounce opposing groups . Varied political organizations have been accused of using terrorism to achieve their objectives . These include right-wing and left-wing political organizations , nationalist groups , religious groups , revolutionaries and ruling governments . Legislation declaring terrorism a crime has been adopted in many states . When terrorism is perpetrated by nation states , it is not considered terrorism by the state conducting it , making legality a largely grey-area issue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madera,_California", "text": "Madera is a city in California and the county seat of Madera County . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city 's population was 61,416 , up from 43,207 in 2000 . Located in the San Joaquin Valley , Madera is a principal city of the Madera-Chowchilla Metropolitan Statistical Area , which encompasses all of Madera County , and Metropolitan Fresno . It is located in California 's San Joaquin Valley . The city is also home to the Madera Unified School District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins", "text": "Sir Frederick Gowland Hopkins OM , PRS ( 20 June 1861 - 16 May 1947 ) was an English biochemist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1929 , with Christiaan Eijkman , for the discovery of vitamins , even though Casimir Funk , a Polish biochemist , is widely credited with discovering vitamins . He also discovered the amino acid tryptophan , in 1901 . He was President of the Royal Society from 1930 to 1935 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Involutory_matrix", "text": "In mathematics , an involutory matrix is a matrix that is its own inverse . That is , multiplication by matrix A is an involution if and only if A2 = I. Involutory matrices are all square roots of the identity matrix . This is simply a consequence of the fact that any nonsingular matrix multiplied by its inverse is the identity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quaker", "text": "Quakers , also called Friends , are a historically Christian group whose formal name is the Religious Society of Friends or Friends Church . Members of the various Quaker movements are all generally united by their belief in the ability of each human being to experientially access the light within , or that of God in every one . Some may profess the priesthood of all believers , a doctrine derived from the First Epistle of Peter . They include those with evangelical , holiness , liberal , and traditional Quaker understandings of Christianity . There are also Nontheist Quakers whose spiritual practice is not reliant on the existence of God . To differing extents , the different movements that make up the Religious Society of Friends/Friends Church avoid creeds and hierarchical structures . In 2007 , there were about 359,000 adult Quakers worldwide . In 2017 , there were 377,557 adult Quakers , with 49% in Africa . Around 89% of Quakers worldwide belong to the evangelical and programmed branches of Quakerism - these Quakers worship in services with singing and a prepared message from the Bible , coordinated by a pastor . Around 11% of Friends practice waiting worship , or unprogrammed worship ( more commonly known today as Meeting for Worship ) , where the order of service is not planned in advance , is predominantly silent , and may include unprepared vocal ministry from those present . Some meetings of both types have Recorded Ministers in their meetings - Friends recognised for their gift of vocal ministry . The first Quakers lived in mid-17th-century England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NY_441", "text": "New York State Route 441 ( NY 441 ) is an east-west state highway in the eastern suburbs of Rochester , New York , in the United States . It extends for 12.55 miles ( 20.20 km ) from an intersection with NY 96 in Brighton to a junction with NY 350 in Walworth . The route starts as a four-lane divided highway in Brighton and western Penfield , and gradually narrows to a two-lane undivided road as it heads away from the city of Rochester . NY 441 connects to Interstate 490 ( I-490 ) in Brighton and intersects NY 250 in Penfield . NY 441 was originally routed on Penfield Road between Brighton and Penfield when it was assigned in 1949 . It remained on Penfield Road through Penfield and into Wayne County to Marion , where the highway ended at NY 21 . The entirety of this routing had previously been part of NY 33 , which was truncated westward to downtown Rochester as part of NY 441 's assignment . NY 441 was cut back to NY 350 in Walworth by 1970 . The divided highway that now carries NY 441 through Brighton and western Penfield was constructed during the late 1960s and opened as a realignment of NY 441 by 1971 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bates_College", "text": "Bates College is a private liberal arts college in Lewiston , Maine . Anchored by the Historic Quad , the campus of Bates totals 813 acres ( 329 ha ) with a small urban campus which includes 33 Victorian Houses as some of the dormitories . It maintains 600 acres ( 240 ha ) of nature preserve known as the Bates-Morse Mountain near Campbell Island and a coastal center on Atkins Bay . With an annual enrollment of approximately 1,800 students , it is the smallest college in its athletic conference . As a result of its small student body , Bates retains selective admission rates and little to no transfer percentages . The nominal cost of attendance is considered very high with tuition frequently among the most expensive in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CIMC-TV", "text": "CIMC-TV , branded as Telile , is a community channel based in Arichat , Nova Scotia , broadcasting on channel 10 over the air , and cable channels 4 ( on EastLink Cable ) , and 63 ( Seaside Cable ) . On January 12 , 2013 , the station was also added by Bell TV , airing on channel 536 . The station 's programming is in English and French ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christoph_Sauser", "text": "Christoph Sauser ( born April 13 , 1976 in Sigriswil , Switzerland ) is a cross-country mountain biker who won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia . He currently races on the Specialized Cross Country Team . He was the overall winner of the UCI World Cup in 2004 and 2005 , along with taking 2nd in 2002 and 2003 , with a 3rd place in 2001 . He has won a total of 10 World Cups . In 2006 Sauser won his first Absa Cape Epic with partner Silvio Bundi . He then partnered up with Burry Stander winning back to back in 2011 and 2012 . Sauser partnered up with Jaroslav Kulhavy in 2013 , once again claiming 1st in the marathon stage race . At the 2015 Absa Cape Epic Sauser rode himself in the races history books by becoming the first person to win it a landmark five times , after which he retired from professional racing . In March , 2017 , Sauser came out of retirement in a bid to win his sixth Absa Cape Epic . In spite of being in good form he and partner Jaroslav Kulhavy ( Investec Songo Specialized ) finished second to Nino Schurter and Matthias Stirnemann ( Scott-Sram ) . The Sauser/Kulhavy combination was hampered by punctures at critical times . He won first place in the 2008 Mountain Bike World Championships , came second in the 2005 edition , and third in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louis_Bonniot_de_Fleurac", "text": "Louis Bonniot de Fleurac ( Louis Victor Marie Bonniot de Fleurac ; 19 November 1876 in Paris - 20 March 1965 ) was a French athlete . He competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics in Athens and in the 1908 Summer Olympics in London . In the 1500 metres , de Fleurac placed sixth in his initial semifinal heat and did not advance to the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saturday_Night_Live", "text": "Saturday Night Live ( known as SNL ) is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol . The show premiered on NBC on October 11 , 1975 , under the original title NBC 's Saturday Night . The show 's comedy sketches , which often parody contemporary culture and politics , are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members . Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest , who usually delivers the opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast as with featured performances by a musical guest . An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming , Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night ! , properly beginning the show . In 1980 , Michaels left the series to explore other opportunities . He was replaced by Jean Doumanian , who was replaced by Ebersol after a season of bad reviews . Ebersol ran the show until 1985 . Since Michaels ' return he has held the job of show-runner . Many SNL cast members have found national stardom while appearing on the show , and achieved success in film and television , both in front of and behind the camera . Others associated with the show , such as writers , have gone on to successful careers creating , writing , and starring in television and film . Broadcast from Studio 8H at NBC 's headquarters in the Comcast Building at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , SNL has aired 884 episodes since its debut , and began its forty-fifth season on September 28 , 2019 , making it one of the longest-running network television programs in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diplomacy", "text": "Diplomacy is the art and practice of conducting negotiations between representatives of states . It usually refers to the conduct of international relations through the intercession of professional diplomats with regard to a full range of topical issues . Diplomacy entails influencing the decisions and conduct of foreign governments and officials through dialogue , negotiation , and other nonviolent means . Diplomacy is the main instrument of foreign policy , which consists of the broader goals and strategies that guide a state 's interactions with the rest of the world . International treaties , agreements , alliances , and other manifestations of foreign policy are usually negotiated by diplomats prior to endorsement by national politicians . Diplomats may also help shape a state 's foreign policy in an advisory capacity . Since the early 20th century , diplomacy has become increasingly professionalized , being carried out by accredited career diplomats supported by staff and diplomatic infrastructure , such as consulates and embassies . Subsequently , the term diplomats has also been applied to diplomatic services , consular services and foreign ministry officials more generally ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giorgos_Donis", "text": "Giorgos Donis ( , born 22 October 1969 ) is a Greek football manager and former player who played as a midfielder . Currently , he is the manager of Panathinaikos . He was the first ever Greek to play in the English Premier League . In England , he was also known as George Donis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Astor", "text": "The Hon . Francis David Langhorne Astor CH ( 5 March 1912 - 7 December 2001 ) was an English newspaper publisher and member of the Astor family ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Behrn_Arena", "text": "Behrn Arena , mostly known by its previous name Eyravallen , is a football stadium in Örebro , Sweden and home stadium for Örebro SK in Swedish top flight Allsvenskan . The stadium holds 12,645 people and was built in 1923 . The stadium has been developed during the last couple of years . The attendance record at the arena was against the local rival of Degerfors IF having 20,066 people watching the game 8 June 1961 , and the record in the modern-day arena is 12,523 being during the game against Hammarby IF , on 13 May 2018 . The stadium 's grass is astroturf since 2003 , and Örebro was the first top-flight club in Sweden to have that playing surface . This was in part due to the harsher winters in Örebro compared to coastal and further southern areas . Football club KIF Örebro and American football club Örebro Black Knights also became tenants of the stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London saw fifteen shooting events . Most of the events were held at Bisley , Surrey while the trap shooting events were held at Uxendon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/B.ay_A.rea_D.erby_Girls", "text": "Bay Area Derby , formerly B.ay A.rea D.erby Girls , is a women 's flat-track roller derby league based in the San Francisco Bay Area . Bay Area Derby ( BAD ) was founded in 2004 and is a founding member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) . BAD is a skater-owned and -operated 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit league . The league is composed of four teams for intra-league play , and an all-star travel team that competes nationally . As of 2016 , BAD was ranked in the top 20 overall in WFTDA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nissan_Skyline_HR31_GTS-R", "text": "The Nissan Skyline ( Japanese : 日産・スカイライン Nissan Sukairain ) is an automobile nameplate originally produced by the Prince Motor Company starting in 1957 , and then by Nissan after the two companies merged in 1967 . After the merger , the Skyline and its larger counterpart , the Nissan Gloria , were sold in Japan at dealership sales channels called Nissan Prince Shop . The Skyline was largely designed and engineered by Shinichiro Sakurai from inception , and he remained a chief influence of the car until his death in 2011 . Skylines are available in either coupe , or sedan body styles , plus station wagon , crossover , convertible and pickup/sedan delivery body styles . The later models are most commonly known by their trademark round brake and tail lights ( as of 1972 ) . While not distributed in the United States until its importation as the Infiniti G , the Skyline 's prominence in video games , movies and magazines resulted in many such cars being imported there from 1989 to late 2005 . The majority of Skyline models are rear-wheel drive , with four-wheel drive being available since the eighth-generation 's debut . The eleventh-generation Skyline ( V35 ) was another major turning point for the nameplate , as it dropped some of the previous generation Skyline 's trademark characteristics such as the straight-six engine ( replaced with a V6 ) and turbocharging , and eventually separated the GT-R into its own line . Nissan decided to retain the Skyline for the luxury-sport market , while its platform-mate , the 350Z , revived the Z line of pure sports cars . The V35 was the first Skyline made for export to North America , being sold under Nissan 's luxury marque Infiniti as the G35 in 2002 . The Skyline ( V36/J50 ) is sold in Europe , North America , South Korea , Taiwan , and the Middle East as the Infiniti G37 . On April 12 , 2010 a Guinness Book of Records event took place with 225 Skylines taking part in a parade lap at the ISTS at Silverstone UK , which produced two world records : the most recorded Nissan Skylines at one meet at one time , and Most Nissan Skylines on a track at the same time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina", "text": "Bosnia and Herzegovina , [ a ] abbreviated BiH or B & H , [ b ] sometimes called Bosnia-Herzegovina and often known informally as Bosnia , is a country of South and Southeast Europe , located within the Balkans . Sarajevo is the capital and largest city . Bosnia and Herzegovina is an almost landlocked country - to the south it has a narrow coast on the Adriatic Sea , about 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) long and surrounding the town of Neum . It is bordered by Serbia to the east , Montenegro to the southeast , and Croatia surrounding north and southwest . In the central and eastern interior of the country the geography is mountainous , in the northwest moderately hilly , and the northeast predominantly flatland . The inland , Bosnia , is a geographically larger region and has a moderate continental climate , with hot summers and cold and snowy winters . The southern tip , Herzegovina , has a Mediterranean climate and mostly mountainous topography . Bosnia and Herzegovina traces permanent human settlement back to the Neolithic age , during and after which it was populated by several Illyrian and Celtic civilizations . Culturally , politically , and socially , the country has a rich history , having been first settled by the Slavic peoples that populate the area today from the 6th through to the 9th centuries . In the 12th century the Banate of Bosnia was established , which evolved into the Kingdom of Bosnia in the 14th century , after which it was annexed into the Ottoman Empire , under whose rule it remained from the mid-15th to the late 19th centuries . The Ottomans brought Islam to the region , and altered much of the cultural and social outlook of the country . This was followed by annexation into the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy , which lasted up until World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dubai", "text": "Dubai ( /duːˈbaɪ/ doo-BY ; Arabic : دبي Dubay , Gulf Arabic : Arabic pronunciation : [ dʊˈbɑj ] ) is the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) and the capital of the Emirate of Dubai . Located in the eastern part of the Arabian Peninsula on the coast of the Persian Gulf , Dubai aims to be the business hub of Western Asia . It is also a major global transport hub for passengers and cargo . Oil revenue helped accelerate the development of the city , which was already a major mercantile hub . Today , less than 5% of the emirate 's revenue comes from oil . A centre for regional and international trade since the early 20th century , Dubai 's economy relies on revenues from trade , tourism , aviation , real estate , and financial services ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Aiu", "text": "Charles Kahoalii Aiu III ( May 22 , 1954 - December 28 , 2001 ) is a former American football guard who played for the San Diego Chargers and Seattle Seahawks . He played college football at University of Hawaii ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ohio's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Ohio 's 4th congressional district spans sections of the northeast , central , and southwest areas of the state . Its nickname , the duck district , refers to its geographical shape being similar to a duck . Designed to separate population centers , the district zig-zags west and south from Cleveland 's suburbs to Mercer County on the Indiana border . The largest city in the district is Lima . It also includes Oberlin , home of Oberlin College . It is currently represented by Republican Jim Jordan , who has represented the district since 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Romeo_Menti_(Castellammare_di_Stabia)", "text": "Stadio Comunale Romeo Menti is a football stadium in Castellammare di Stabia , Italy . It is currently the home ground of S.S. Juve Stabia . The stadium holds 12,800 and was opened in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinnarps_Arena", "text": "Kinnarps Arena is an ice hockey venue in Jönköping , Sweden . The arena , which is located in the Rosenlund district of Jönköping , was built between September 1999 and September 2000 . It was literally built around and on top of the old arena Rosenlundshallen while HV71 was still playing their regular season games . To improve HV71 's youth programme a training facility connected to Kinnarps Arena was built and stood ready for use in May 2001 . In December 2003 the decision to expand the arena for season 2004-05 with another 1,000 seats , a restaurant , a sports bar , a café , a sky bar , new conference rooms and boxes , was made . In the pre-season of 2007-08 HV71 invested in a new LED scoreboard , measuring 6.2 by 10.5 feet , capable of a display surpassing any LED scoreboards currently installed in Sweden . The scoreboard is a Daktronics Prostar Video 10 mm indoor display and resembles the boards used in General Motors Place and Scottrade Center in NHL , and in Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in France . Kinnarps Arena was designed by Flensborns arkitektkontor and Skanska as contractor , with Kinnarps AB financing the project . Future proprietor and owner of the arena is HV71 Fastighets AB , a subsidiary to HV71 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Double_Asteroid_Redirection_Test", "text": "Double Asteroid Redirection Test ( DART ) is a planned space probe that will demonstrate the kinetic effects of crashing an impactor spacecraft into an asteroid moon for planetary defense purposes . The mission is intended to test whether a spacecraft impact could successfully deflect an asteroid on a collision course with Earth . A demonstration of an asteroid deflection is a key test that NASA and other agencies wish to perform before the actual need of planetary defense is present . DART is a joint project between NASA and the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory ( APL ) , and it is being developed under the auspices of NASA 's Planetary Defense Coordination Office . In August 2018 , NASA approved the project to start the final design and assembly phase ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sun_(astrology)", "text": "Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is . Before the age of telescopes , the night sky was thought to consist of two very similar components : fixed stars , which remained motionless in relation to each other , and wandering stars ( Ancient Greek : ἀστέρες πλανῆται asteres planetai ) , which moved relative to the fixed stars over the course of the year . To the Greeks and the other earliest astronomers , this group consisted of the five planets visible to the naked eye and excluded Earth . Although strictly , the term planet applied only to those five objects , the term was latterly broadened , particularly in the Middle Ages , to include the Sun and the Moon ( sometimes referred to as Lights ) , making a total of seven planets . Astrologers retain this definition today . To ancient astrologers , the planets represented the will of the gods and their direct influence upon human affairs . To modern astrologers , the planets can represent basic drives or urges in the unconscious , or energy flow regulators representing dimensions of experience . They express themselves with different qualities in the twelve signs of the zodiac and in the twelve houses . The planets are also related to each other in the form of aspects . Modern astrologers differ on the source of the correlations between planetary positions and configurations , on the one hand , and characteristics and destinies of the natives , on the other . Hone writes that the planets exert it directly through gravitation or another , unknown influence . Others hold that the planets have no direct influence in themselves , but are mirrors of basic organizing principles in the universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fußballclub_Wacker_Innsbruck", "text": "FC Wacker Innsbruck is an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck . The club was formed in June 2002 as FC Wacker Tirol , and plays their home games at Tivoli-Neu . The club regard themselves as the spiritual continuation of the team FC Tirol Innsbruck , which went bankrupt in 2002 as well as the original FC Wacker Innsbruck which had been founded in 1913 . In honour of this heritage , FC Wacker Tirol was renamed FC Wacker Innsbruck in 2007 . However , legally it is a distinct and separate club , and is not entitled to claim the honours won by its predecessors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bradwell,_Milton_Keynes", "text": "Bradwell is an ancient village , and now also the name of a New City grid-square including the old village ; it has also given its name to a modern civil parish that ( since 1967 ) is part of Milton Keynes . The village was adjacent to Bradwell Abbey , a Benedictine priory , founded in 1155 and dissolved in about 1540 , but the abbey and its immediate environs were always a separate parish . The village name is an Old English language word and means broad spring . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Bradewelle . There is an YHA youth hostel in the village at grid reference SP 831,395 on the Sustrans National Cycle Network ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tum_Saray", "text": "Tum Saray ( born 10 July 1992 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Electricite du Cambodge in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gaby_Moreno", "text": "María Gabriela Moreno Bonilla ( born 16 December 1981 in Guatemala City , Guatemala ) , professionally known as Gaby Moreno , is a Guatemalan singer-songwriter and guitarist . Her music ranges from blues , jazz , soul , to R & B . Moreno sings in English , Spanish , French and Portuguese . She became known to broader audiences in Latin America after recording a song with Ricardo Arjona in 2011 , called Fuiste Tú . In 2013 , she recorded covers of the popular songs Kiss of Fire and The Weed Smoker 's Dream with Hugh Laurie for his album , Did n't It Rain . On numerous occasions beginning in October 2016 , she performed with Chris Thile on Live From Here giving her greater recognition among American listeners . Some of her popular covers include Amapola and No Soy El Aire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007_in_film", "text": "The following is an overview of events in 2007 in film , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies and festivals , a list of films released and notable deaths . The highest-grossing film of the year was Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End , which was just ahead of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . 2007 is often considered one of the greatest years for film in the 21st century . As of 2019 , this was the last year in which no film grossed at least $ 1 billion at the worldwide box office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kyoko_Ina", "text": "Kyoko Ina ( 伊奈 恭子 , Ina Kyōko , born October 11 , 1972 ) is a Japanese-American figure skater . With partner John Zimmerman , she is the 2002 World bronze medalist and a three-time ( 2000-2002 ) U.S. national champion . The pair also competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics . With previous partner Jason Dungjen , Ina was a two-time ( 1997 & 1998 ) U.S. champion and competed at the 1994 and 1998 Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geelong_Arena", "text": "Geelong Arena is the home of former National Basketball League team the Geelong Supercats who now play in the NBL1 . The arena has the majority of its 2,000 seating capacity on the broadcast side of the court with two smaller sections at each end plus two levels of corporate boxes on the opposite to the broadcast side . After the Supercats had their NBL licence revoked following the 1996 NBL season the arena still played host to occasional NBL games with former Melbourne based teams the Victoria Titans/Victoria Giants and the South Dragons all playing one or two games there a season . The arena also hosts occasional Australian Boomers games . In 2005 , the arena received a major upgrade with the installation of a state of the art sprung wooden floor and the installation of new rings with all improvements meeting international specifications as well as receiving new electronic scoreboards . All work was completed in time for the 2006 Commonwealth Games . Geelong Arena also hosts numerous functions and concerts by artists such as Kelly Clarkson , Suzi Quatro Shannon Noll , Midnight Oil , The Wiggles , John Farnham and The Beautiful Girls , among others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capcom", "text": "Capcom Co. , Ltd. ( Japanese : 株式会社カプコン , Hepburn : Kabushiki-gaisha Kapukon ) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher known for creating numerous multi-million selling game franchises , including Mega Man , Street Fighter , Resident Evil , Devil May Cry , Onimusha , Dino Crisis , Dead Rising , Sengoku Basara , Ghosts ' n Goblins , Monster Hunter , Breath of Fire , and Ace Attorney as well as games based on Disney animated properties . Established in 1979 , it has become an international enterprise with subsidiaries in North America , Europe , and Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alejandro_Lerner", "text": "Alejandro Federico Lerner ( born June 8 , 1957 ) is an Argentine musician and singer-songwriter . He has written and sung countless songs including several hits , and his fame and recognition spread all over South America [ citation needed ] . Through his career , Lerner played in different bands , formed his own group , and worked with international artists such as Luis Miguel , Paul Anka , and Celine Dion . Lerner was born in Buenos Aires to a family of Ashkenazi Jewish origin . In 1974 , he was discovered by Raúl Porchetto , who invited him [ citation needed ] to join a short-term project called Reino de Munt . In 1977 , Lerner participated in Gustavo Santaolalla 's band Soluna . In addition , Alejandro Lerner was consolidating his skills as a performer while working with well-known Argentine singers Leon Gieco and Sandra Mihanovich [ citation needed ] . In 1981 , Lerner formed a band called la Magia , playing along with bass player Hernán Magiano , guitarist Damián Figueroa , saxophonist Oscar Kreimer , and drummer Luis Querón , releasing Alejandro Lerner y La Magia in 1982 . A year later , the band broke up and he decided to start his solo career , releasing Todo a Pulmón that same year and Lerner Tres in 1984 . In 1998 , Alejandor Lerner recorded the theme Paths of the Soul next to Kennedy Choir and with more than 120 Argentine artists under the direction of Instrumental pianist and conductor Nazareno Andorno . In 1999 , a compilation of his greatest hits , called 20 Años ( 20 Years ) , was released . In 2002 , Lerner gained exposure in the US when he collaborated with Carlos Santana on the song Hoy Es Adiós which was released on Santana 's album Shaman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helena,_Kentucky", "text": "Helena is an unincorporated community in Mason County , Kentucky , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ron_Gould_(politician)", "text": "Ronald Charles Gould ( born August 31 , 1965 ) is a small business owner and a former Republican member of the Arizona Senate from Lake Havasu City , representing the 3rd Senate District from 2005 until 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_USL_Pro_season", "text": "The 2013 USL Pro season is the 27th season of third-division soccer in the United States , and is the third season of the United Soccer Leagues ' ( USL ) PRO professional competition . The number of teams increased from eleven to thirteen with Phoenix FC and VSI Tampa Bay FC joining the league as expansion franchises ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gregg_McClymont", "text": "Gregg McClymont ( born 3 June 1976 ) is a retirement expert , historian and former politician . He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Cumbernauld , Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East from 2010 until 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Merrylands,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Merrylands is a suburb in Greater Western Sydney , Australia . Merrylands is located 25 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district and is in the local government area of the Cumberland Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Decorated_kofun", "text": "Decorated kofun ( 装飾古墳 , sōshoku kofun ) is the term used for kofun or ancient Japanese tombs ornamented with painted or carved decoration . The tombs take the form of tumuli or earthen mounds piled over stone chambers as well as caves excavated from the living rock . The decoration may be on the inner walls , on stone screens , on sarcophagi or , in the case of cave tombs , around the entrance on the exterior . Of the 161,560 ancient burials identified to date , around two hundred and fifty are so decorated . [ note 1 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ludlow_Tent_Colony_Site", "text": "Ludlow Tent Colony Site is an area in Ludlow , Colorado associated with the Ludlow Massacre that was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on January 16 , 2009 . It is an archeological site . The press release reads :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Latvia", "text": "Latvia ( /ˈlɑːtviə/ or /ˈlætviə/ ( listen ) ; Latvian : Latvija [ ˈlatvija ] , Livonian : Lețmō ) , officially known as the Republic of Latvia ( Latvian : Latvijas Republika , Livonian : Lețmō Vabāmō ) , is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe . Since its independence , Latvia has been referred to as one of the Baltic states . It is bordered by Estonia to the north , Lithuania to the south , Russia to the east , Belarus to the southeast , and shares a maritime border with Sweden to the west . Latvia has 1,957,200 inhabitants and a territory of 64,589 km2 ( 24,938 sq mi ) . The country has a temperate seasonal climate . The Baltic Sea moderates climate , although it has four distinct seasons and snowy winters . After centuries of Swedish , Polish and Russian rule , a rule mainly executed by the Baltic German aristocracy , the Republic of Latvia was established on 18 November 1918 when it broke away from the Russian Empire and declared independence in the aftermath of World War I . However , by the 1930s the country became increasingly autocratic after the coup in 1934 establishing an authoritarian regime under Kārlis Ulmanis . The country 's de facto independence was interrupted at the outset of World War II , beginning with Latvia 's forcible incorporation into the Soviet Union , followed by the invasion and occupation by Nazi Germany in 1941 , and the re-occupation by the Soviets in 1944 ( Courland Pocket in 1945 ) to form the Latvian SSR for the next 45 years . The peaceful Singing Revolution , starting in 1987 , called for Baltic emancipation from Soviet rule and condemning the Communist regime 's illegal takeover . It ended with the Declaration on the Restoration of Independence of the Republic of Latvia on 4 May 1990 and restoring de facto independence on 21 August 1991 . Latvia is a democratic sovereign state , parliamentary republic and a very highly developed country according to the United Nations Human Development Index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Hustle_episodes", "text": "Hustle is a British television drama series made by Kudos Film & Television for BBC One in the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bainbridge,_Georgia", "text": "Bainbridge is a city in Decatur County , Georgia , United States . The city is the county seat of Decatur County . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 12,697 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_1500_metres", "text": "The 1500 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics programme were held at Stadium Australia on Monday 25 September , Wednesday 27 September , and Friday 29 September 2000 . The top six runners in each of the initial three heats automatically qualified for the semifinals . The next six fastest runners from across the heats also qualified . Those 24 runners competed in 2 heats in the semifinals , with the top five runners from each heat qualifying for the finals and the next two fastest runner from the semifinals also qualified . World record holder Hicham El Guerrouj was the clear favorite coming into the race , but he had a reputation for setting records in races set up by a pacemaker . His countryman Youssef Baba provided the service , sacrificing his own ambition in the final , he took the pace out in 54.14 , the two Moroccan teammates leading the two Kenyan challengers Noah Ngeny and Bernard Lagat , separating from the rest of the field . On the second lap the pace lagged to 60.63 , letting the other runners back in . Baba disappeared quickly leaving El Guerrouj to burn off the Kenyans taking the third lap in 56.90 . But the Kenyans remained close with Mehdi Baala a step behind . Through the final turn Ngeny executed a textbook kick , moving onto El Guerrouj 's shoulder , sliding into the second lane and sprinting past him for the gold . Lagat moved into lane 3 with hopes of passing as well but ran out of real estate to take the bronze ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Woolstone", "text": "Great Woolstone and Little Woolstone are two historic villages in modern Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire now called jointly Woolstone or The Woolstones and forming the heart of a new district of that name . At the 2011 Census the population of the villages was included in the civil parish of Campbell Park . The name 'Woolstone ' is an Old English language word , and means 'Wulfsige 's farm ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the area was recorded as Wlsiestone . Until shortly after the turn of the 19th century , the villages were named Woolstone Magna ( Great Woolstone ) and Woolstone Parva ( Little Woolstone ) . [ citation needed ] The area is now collectively known simply as Woolstone or The Woolstones and it forms part of the Campbell Park Civil Parish of Milton Keynes and comes under the control of Campbell Park Parish Council . The land between the two villages is now occupied by the village cricket green . Detail from genealogical records can be found on the UK and Ireland Genealogy site . They are both linear villages , being hemmed in by and along the north-south line of both the River Ouzel ( to the east of the villages ) and of the Grand Union Canal to the west . They form part of a chain of three villages along this line , the next about a mile further south being Woughton-on-the-Green . Today , Great Woolstone still has its own village pub , the thatched roof Cross Keys , which can trace its history back to 1560 . Little Woolstone is the larger of the two Woolstones , having benefited from the building of the canal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sony", "text": "Sony Corporation ( ソニー株式会社 , Sonī Kabushiki Kaisha , /ˈsoʊni/ SOH-nee , commonly known as Sony and stylized as SONY ) is a Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Kōnan , Minato , Tokyo . Its diversified business includes consumer and professional electronics , gaming , entertainment and financial services . The company owns the largest music entertainment business in the world , the largest video game console business and one of the largest video game publishing businesses , and is one of the leading manufacturers of electronic products for the consumer and professional markets , and a leading player in the film and television entertainment industry . [ better source needed ] Sony was ranked 97th on the 2018 Fortune Global 500 list . Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group ( ソニー・グループ , Sonī Gurūpu ) , which is engaged in business through its four operating components : electronics ( AV , IT & communication products , semiconductors , video games , network services and medical business ) , motion pictures ( movies and TV shows ) , music ( record labels and music publishing ) and financial services ( banking and insurance ) . These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world . The group consists of Sony Corporation , Sony Pictures , Sony Mobile , Sony Interactive Entertainment , Sony Music , Sony Financial Holdings , and others . Sony is among the semiconductor sales leaders and since 2015 , the fifth-largest television manufacturer in the world after Samsung Electronics , LG Electronics , TCL and Hisense . The company 's current slogan is Be Moved . Their former slogans were The One and Only ( 1979-1982 ) , It 's a Sony ( 1982-2005 ) , like.no.other ( 2005-2009 ) and make.believe ( 2009-2013 ) . Sony has a weak tie to the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group ( SMFG ) corporate group , the successor to the Mitsui group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delia_Gonzalez", "text": "Delia 'Chikita ' Gonzalez ( born November 20 , 1971 ) is an American former flyweight female boxer . She has a record of 13-9-4 with 3 knockout wins , although several of her losses have been controversial ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hey_You_(The_Exies_song)", "text": "Head for the Door is the third studio album by American rock band The Exies . It was released on November 30 , 2004 . Ugly would prove to be the album 's single and found notable airplay upon release . The song 's chorus utilizes an easily recognizable power chord structure . Ugly was also used as the theme song for WWE Survivor Series 2004 . Hey You was included in Guitar Hero , and would later appear in Guitar Hero Smash Hits . Slow Drain was featured in NFL Street 2 . What You Deserve is included in the soundtrack of Juiced ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Myers,_Florida", "text": "Fort Myers or Ft. Myers , is the county seat and commercial center of Lee County , Florida , United States . It has grown rapidly in recent years . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 62,298 and in 2018 was estimated at 82,254 . Fort Myers is a gateway to the Southwest Florida region and a major tourist destination within Florida . The winter estates of Thomas Edison ( Seminole Lodge ) and Henry Ford ( The Mangoes ) are major attractions . The city is named after Colonel Abraham Myers , the quartermaster general of the Confederate States Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mau_y_Ricky", "text": "Mau y Ricky is a band of the Venezuelan brothers Mauricio and Ricardo Montaner . They were nominated for the 2018 Latin Grammy Award for Best New Artist and Song of the Year . They performed as MR from 2011 till 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calgary_Flames", "text": "The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference . The club is the third major professional ice hockey team to represent the city of Calgary , following the Calgary Tigers ( 1921-1927 ) and Calgary Cowboys ( 1975-1977 ) . The Flames are one of two NHL franchises in Alberta ; the other is the Edmonton Oilers . The cities ' proximity has led to a rivalry known as the Battle of Alberta . The team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta as the Atlanta Flames until relocating to Calgary in 1980 . The Flames played their first three seasons in Calgary at the Stampede Corral before moving into their current home arena , the Scotiabank Saddledome ( originally known as the Olympic Saddledome ) , in 1983 . In 1985-86 , the Flames became the first Calgary team since the 1923-24 Tigers to compete for the Stanley Cup . In 1988-89 , the Flames won their first and only championship . The Flames ' unexpected run to the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals gave rise to the Red Mile , and in 2011 the team hosted and won the second Heritage Classic outdoor game . The Flames have won two Presidents ' Trophies as the NHL 's top regular season team , and have claimed seven division championships . Individually , Jarome Iginla is the franchise leader in games played , goals and points and is a two-time winner of the Maurice Rocket Richard Trophy as the NHL 's leading goal scorer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/General_Donovan_Department", "text": "General Donovan is a department of Chaco Province in Argentina , named after General Antonio Donovan . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 13,500 inhabitants in an area of 1,487 km² , and its capital city is Makallé , which is located around 1,060 km from the Capital federal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gomer_Pyle,_USMC", "text": "Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C . [ fn 1 ] is an American situation comedy that originally aired on CBS from September 25 , 1964 , to May 2 , 1969 . The series was a spin-off of The Andy Griffith Show , and the pilot episode was aired as the season finale of the fourth season of its parent series on May 18 , 1964 . The show ran for a total of 150 half-hour episodes spanning over five seasons , in black-and-white for the first season , and then in color for the remaining four seasons . In 2006 , CBS Home Entertainment ( distributed by Paramount ) began releasing the series on DVD . The final season was released in November 2008 . Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C . was a hit , never placing lower than tenth in the Nielsen ratings , and ended its run as the second-highest-rated series in the United States . It has enjoyed continued popularity through reruns and DVD releases . The series was created by Aaron Ruben , who also produced the show with Sheldon Leonard and Ronald Jacobs . Filmed and set in California , it stars Jim Nabors as Gomer Pyle , a naive but good-natured gas station attendant from the town of Mayberry , North Carolina , who enlists in the United States Marine Corps . Frank Sutton plays Gomer 's high-octane , short-fused Gunnery Sergeant Vince Carter , and Ronnie Schell plays Gomer 's friend Duke Slater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kostas_Fortounis", "text": "Konstantinos Kostas Fortounis ( , ; ( born 16 October 1992 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Olympiacos and the Greece national team . He was born in Trikala , Thessaly but comes from the nearby town of Kalabaka ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Asbury_Methodist_Church", "text": "Old Asbury Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Walnut and 3rd Streets in Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware . It was the first Methodist church in Wilmington . The church is a two-story , three bay , L-shaped stuccoed stone structure in a vernacular Italianate style . The original section was built in 1789 , and subsequently enlarged in 1820 , 1825 , 1838 , and 1845 . The chapel wing to the north was added in 1875 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dan_Albas", "text": "Dan Albas MP ( born December 1 , 1976 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election . He represents the electoral district of Central Okanagan - Similkameen - Nicola as a member of the Conservative Party . In the 41st Canadian Parliament , Albas was appointed to the Standing Committee on Transport , Infrastructure and Communities and introduced one piece of legislation , a private members bill called An Act to amend the Importation of Intoxicating Liquors Act ( interprovincial importation of wine for personal use ) which would allow individuals to import wine from another province for the purpose of personal consumption ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_cricket_in_2004–05", "text": "The 2004-05 international cricket season was from September 2004 to April 2005 . There were no major tournaments played during this time . The season included the first-ever Twenty20 International match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/André_Silva_(footballer)", "text": "André Miguel Valente da Silva ( European Portuguese : [ ɐ̃ˈdɾɛ ˈsiɫvɐ ] ; born 6 November 1995 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a striker for German club Eintracht Frankfurt , on loan from Milan , and the Portugal national team . An academy graduate of Porto , he impressed during his time with the reserve side before making his debut with the first team in 2015 . He ultimately made over 50 appearances for the club , scoring 24 goals before joining Milan in 2017 . Silva represented Portugal at various youth levels , and was part of the squad which came second at the 2014 European Under-19 Championship . His senior international debut followed two years later , and he featured at the 2017 Confederations Cup where his team came third , also being selected for the 2018 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Social_Republican_Party", "text": "The Social Republican Party ( Khmer : គណបក្សសង្គមសាធារណរដ្ឋ ) or Socio-Republican Party ( French : Parti social républicain ; PSR : Khmer : Sangkum Sathéaranakrâth ) was a right-wing political party in Cambodia , founded by the then Head of State Lon Nol in June 1972 to contest the National Assembly Elections of the Khmer Republic held on September 3 , 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Palm_Beach,_Florida", "text": "West Palm Beach is a city in and the county seat of Palm Beach County , Florida , United States . It is located immediately to the west of the adjacent Palm Beach , which is situated on a barrier island across the Lake Worth Lagoon . The population was 99,919 at the 2010 census . West Palm Beach is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area , which was home to an estimated 6,158,824 people in 2017 . It is the oldest incorporated municipality in the south Florida area , having been incorporated as a city two years before Miami in November 1894 . West Palm Beach is located approximately 68 miles ( 109 km ) north of Downtown Miami ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benjamin_Franklin", "text": "Benjamin Franklin FRS FRSA FRSE ( January 17 , 1706 [ O.S . January 6 , 1705 ] - April 17 , 1790 ) was an American polymath and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States . Franklin was a leading writer , printer , political philosopher , politician , Freemason , postmaster , scientist , inventor , humorist , civic activist , statesman , and diplomat . As a scientist , he was a major figure in the American Enlightenment and the history of physics for his discoveries and theories regarding electricity . As an inventor , he is known for the lightning rod , bifocals , and the Franklin stove , among other inventions . He founded many civic organizations , including the Library Company , Philadelphia 's first fire department and the University of Pennsylvania . Franklin earned the title of The First American for his early and indefatigable campaigning for colonial unity , initially as an author and spokesman in London for several colonies . As the first United States Ambassador to France , he exemplified the emerging American nation . Franklin was foundational in defining the American ethos as a marriage of the practical values of thrift , hard work , education , community spirit , self-governing institutions , and opposition to authoritarianism both political and religious , with the scientific and tolerant values of the Enlightenment . In the words of historian Henry Steele Commager , In a Franklin could be merged the virtues of Puritanism without its defects , the illumination of the Enlightenment without its heat . To Walter Isaacson , this makes Franklin the most accomplished American of his age and the most influential in inventing the type of society America would become . Franklin became a successful newspaper editor and printer in Philadelphia , the leading city in the colonies , publishing the Pennsylvania Gazette at the age of 23 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The German Open is an annual table tennis tournament in Germany , run by the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It is currently part of the ITTF World Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_American_Racing", "text": "British American Racing , abbreviated as BAR , was a Formula One constructor that competed in the sport from 1999 to 2005 . BAR began by acquiring Tyrrell , and used Supertec engines for their first year . Subsequently , they formed a partnership with Honda which lasted for the next six years . The team was named after British American Tobacco plc ( BAT ) , which owned and sponsored it in order to display its Lucky Strike and 555 brands . The headquarters were in Brackley , Northamptonshire , United Kingdom . In mid-November 2004 , Japanese automobile manufacturer Honda purchased 45% of the team , and in September 2005 , purchased the remaining 55% share to become the sole owner . Consequently , BAR Honda became Honda Racing F1 Team for the 2006 Formula One season . BAT continued as title sponsor with the Lucky Strike brand , but due to new tobacco advertising regulations worldwide , pulled its sponsorship from Formula One entirely at the end of the 2006 season . Honda ran the team for the 2006 , 2007 and 2008 seasons . During 2008 , the Honda RA109 was being developed for the following year while Honda attempted to sell the team . A management buy-out by team principal Ross Brawn and an engine supply deal with Mercedes-Benz resulted in a remarkable 2009 season in which Brawn GP team won the Constructors ' Championship with Jenson Button winning the Drivers ' Championship . Mercedes bought the team in November 2009 and as of January 2020 [ update ] , the team competes as Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colón_Province", "text": "Colón ( Spanish pronunciation : [ koˈlon ] ) is a province of Panama . The capital is the city of Colón . It covers an area of 4,575.5 sq.km , and the latest estimate of population ( for 2019 ) is 294,060 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Domestication", "text": "Domestication is a sustained multi-generational relationship in which one group of organisms assumes a significant degree of influence over the reproduction and care of another group to secure a more predictable supply of resources from that second group . Charles Darwin recognized the small number of traits that made domestic species different from their wild ancestors . He was also the first to recognize the difference between conscious selective breeding in which humans directly select for desirable traits , and unconscious selection where traits evolve as a by-product of natural selection or from selection on other traits . There is a genetic difference between domestic and wild populations . There is also such a difference between the domestication traits that researchers believe to have been essential at the early stages of domestication , and the improvement traits that have appeared since the split between wild and domestic populations . Domestication traits are generally fixed within all domesticates , and were selected during the initial episode of domestication of that animal or plant , whereas improvement traits are present only in a proportion of domesticates , though they may be fixed in individual breeds or regional populations . The dog was the first domesticated vertebrate , and was established across Eurasia before the end of the Late Pleistocene era , well before cultivation and before the domestication of other animals . The archaeological and genetic data suggest that long-term bidirectional gene flow between wild and domestic stocks - including donkeys , horses , New and Old World camelids , goats , sheep , and pigs - was common . Given its importance to humans and its value as a model of evolutionary and demographic change , domestication has attracted scientists from archaeology , paleontology , anthropology , botany , zoology , genetics , and the environmental sciences . Among birds , the major domestic species today is the chicken , important for meat and eggs , though economically valuable poultry include the turkey , guineafowl and numerous other species . Birds are also widely kept as cagebirds , from songbirds to parrots . The longest established invertebrate domesticates are the honey bee and the silkworm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tirfi_Tsegaye", "text": "Tirfi Tsegaye Beyene ( born 25 November 1984 ) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in marathon races . She has won the Berlin Marathon , the Paris Marathon ( in a course record ) , the Tokyo Marathon ( also in course-record time ) , and the Dubai Marathon . Her personal best of 2:20:18 hours came as winner of the 2014 Berlin Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simba", "text": "Simba is the main character of Disney 's The Lion King franchise . Introduced in Walt Disney Animation 's 32nd animated feature film The Lion King ( 1994 ) , the character subsequently appears in The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride ( 1998 ) and The Lion King 1½ ( 2004 ) as well as the 2019 remake of the original film , which is the most recent appearance . Simba was created by screenwriters Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton . While Mark Henn served as Simba 's supervising animator as a cub , Ruben A. Aquino animated the character as he appears as an adult . Simba was inspired by the character Bambi from Disney 's Bambi ( 1942 ) , Osamu Tezuka 's anime Kimba the White Lion , as well as the stories of Moses and Joseph from the Bible . Additionally , several similarities have been drawn between Simba and Prince Hamlet from William Shakespeare 's Hamlet . In 1997 , The Lion King was adapted into a Broadway musical , with actors Scott Irby-Ranniar and Jason Raize originating the roles of the cub and adult Simbas , respectively . JD McCrary and Donald Glover voice the cub and adult Simba respectively in the CGI remake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Déjame_Entrar_(Carlos_Vives_song)", "text": "Déjame Entrar ( English : Let Me In ) is a song released by Colombian recording artist Carlos Vives as the first single from his fifth major studio album of the same title in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rochester_Football_Club", "text": "The Rochester Football Netball Club , nicknamed the Tigers , is an Australian rules football and netball club , formed at a meeting held on 8 June 1874 at Tidy 's Restdown Hotel . The club was formed with the purpose of soon playing and beating Echuca . An intense rivalry that has endured ever since regardless of which competition each was playing in . Rochester FNC is based in the town of Rochester , Victoria . Its teams currently play in the Goulburn Valley League , where Rochester played for the first time in 1913 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wheelhouse_(archaeology)", "text": "In archaeology , a wheelhouse is a prehistoric structure from the Iron Age found in Scotland . The term was first coined after the discovery of a ruined mound in 1855 . The distinctive architectural form related to the complex roundhouses constitute the main settlement type in the Western Isles in the closing centuries BC . A total of 62 sites have now been identified in the Northern and Western Isles , and on the north coast of Caithness and Sutherland . Amateur enthusiasts did some excavation in the 19th century , but professional examination of the sites did not begin until the 1930s , when digs were undertaken at Jarlshof and Gurness . No work of a modern standard was done in the Hebrides until 1946 at Clettreval on North Uist . Sometimes referred to as aisled roundhouses their characteristic features include an outer wall within which a circle of stone piers ( bearing a resemblance to the spokes of a wheel ) form the basis for lintel arches supporting corbelled roofing with a hearth at the hub . About a third are double-walled . They range in diameter from 4 to 11.5 metres ( 13 to 38 feet ) . Those sites that have been dated tend to fall within the period 25 BC to 380 AD . In the Northern Isles , 72% are found in association with broch sites , and they are of a later date than these towered structures in all cases . No sites in the west have such an association , an as yet unresolved enigma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laura_Leighton", "text": "Laura Diane Leighton ( born July 24 , 1968 ) is an American actress . She is best known for the role of Sydney Andrews on the television series Melrose Place ( 1993-1997 ) and its remake ( 2009-2010 ) and for Ashley Marin on Freeform 's series Pretty Little Liars ( 2010-2017 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kombuisia", "text": "Kombuisia is a genus of dicynodont from Early to Middle Triassic ( Induan to Anisian ) of South Africa and Antarctica . Two species were described for the genus : Kombuisia frerensis ( type ) and Kombuisia antarctica . Dicynodonts were a diverse clade that inhabited the earth from the Middle Permian to the Late Triassic . Kombuisia is one of few species to survive the mass extinction event in the late Permian . Kombuisia are non-mammalian synapsid herbivores . Specimens of this genus were discovered in the 1960s and 1970s and years later were determined to be two different species of the genus . The two species were found in diverse areas , K. frerensis in South Africa and K. antarctica in Antarctica . This indicated that this genus existed in a wider biographical region in the southern hemisphere of Pangaea and believed by some to indicate the migration to Antarctica to avoid the rise in global temperatures that lead to the mass extinction . Migration to avoid global warming has been highly controversial because many of the fossils that are found in this region are juvenile and of small body size . But so far no Permian vertebrate fossils are known from Antarctica , making it less likely that they were already living there prior to the event . Originally the specimens that were collected in Antarctica were considered to be part of the Kingoria ( now known as Dicynodontoides ) genus . The specimens were originally catalogued in the American Museum of Natural History as Kingoria , however , with no formal reasoning for this categorization , this has since been revised with more up-to-date knowledge of features and speciation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Geneva", "text": "The Republic and canton of Geneva ( French : République et canton de Genève ; Arpitan : Rèpublica et canton de Geneva ; German : Republik und Kanton Genf ; Italian : Repubblica e Cantone di Ginevra ; Romansh : Republica e chantun Genevra ) is the French-speaking westernmost canton or state of Switzerland , surrounded on almost all sides by France ( Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes ) . As is the case in several other Swiss cantons ( canton of Ticino , canton of Neuchâtel , and canton of Jura ) , this canton is referred to as a republic within the Swiss Confederation . The canton of Geneva is located in the southwestern corner of Switzerland and is considered one of the most cosmopolitan areas of the country . As a center of the Calvinist Reformation , the city of Geneva has had a great influence on the canton , which essentially consists of the city and its hinterlands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1987_musical)", "text": "The Wizard of Oz is a musical with a book by John Kane , music by Harold Arlen and lyrics by E.Y . Harburg . It has additional background music by Herbert Stothart . It is based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum and the 1939 film version written by Noel Langley , Florence Ryerson and Edgar Allan Woolf . Successful musicals based on the Baum novel were created in 1902 ( for Broadway ) and 1942 ( for St. Louis Municipal Opera ) , the latter of which , using songs from the popular 1939 film , is still frequently revived . Seeking to more closely recreate the 1939 film on stage , the Royal Shakespeare Company adapted the film 's screenplay , also using the songs from the film , and produced a new version at London 's Barbican Centre in 1987 . This was also a success and has been given many revivals in various formats . This musical has been touring the U.S. since 2008 . It has become a popular musical for community theatres , schools and children 's theatres in the United States and the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neanderthal", "text": "Neanderthals ( /niˈændərtɑːl , neɪ- , -θɔːl/ , also Neandertals or Neandert ( h ) alers , German : Neandertaler [ neˈ ( ʔ ) andɐtaːlɐ ] ; Homo neanderthalensis or Homo sapiens neanderthalensis ) are an extinct species or subspecies of archaic humans who lived in Eurasia until about 40,000 years ago ( 40 kya [ thousand years ago ] ) . They probably went extinct due to competition with or extermination by immigrating modern humans or due to great climatic change , disease , or a combination of these factors . It is unclear when Neanderthals split from modern humans ; DNA studies have produced results ranging from 182 kya to more than 800 kya . The time of divergence of Neanderthals from their ancestor H. heidelbergensis is also unclear . The oldest potential Neanderthal bones are dated to 430 kya , but the classification is uncertain . Neanderthals are known from numerous fossils , especially from after 130 kya . The type specimen , Neanderthal 1 , was found in 1856 in the German Neander Valley . After much debate over their validity , Neanderthals were depicted as being primitive , stupid , and brutish for much of the early 20th century . Though knowledge and perception of them has markedly changed since then in the scientific community , the image of the unevolved caveman archetype remains prevalent in popular culture . Compared to modern humans , Neanderthals were stockier , with somewhat shorter limbs and a larger chest and nose . These features are often explained as adaptations to conserve heat in a cold climate , but ( aside from body fat storage ) they are more likely products of genetic drift and adaptations for sprinting in the warmer , forested landscape that Neanderthals often inhabited . The braincases of Neanderthal men and women averaged about 1,600 cm3 ( 98 cu in ) and 1,300 cm3 ( 79 cu in ) respectively , which is within the range of the values for modern humans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Connecticut", "text": "Connecticut ( /kəˈnɛtɪkət/ ( listen ) ) is the southernmost state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . As of the 2010 Census , it has the highest per-capita income , Human Development Index ( 0.962 ) , and median household income in the United States . It is bordered by Rhode Island to the east , Massachusetts to the north , New York to the west , and Long Island Sound to the south . Its capital is Hartford and its most populous city is Bridgeport . It is part of New England , although portions of it are often grouped with New York and New Jersey as the tri-state area . The state is named for the Connecticut River which approximately bisects the state . The word Connecticut is derived from various anglicized spellings of an Algonquian word for long tidal river . Connecticut 's first European settlers were Dutchmen who established a small , short-lived settlement called Fort Hoop in Hartford at the confluence of the Park and Connecticut Rivers . Half of Connecticut was initially part of the Dutch colony New Netherland , which included much of the land between the Connecticut and Delaware Rivers , although the first major settlements were established in the 1630s by the English . Thomas Hooker led a band of followers from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and founded the Connecticut Colony ; other settlers from Massachusetts founded the Saybrook Colony and the New Haven Colony . The Connecticut and New Haven colonies established documents of Fundamental Orders , considered the first constitutions in America . In 1662 , the three colonies were merged under a royal charter , making Connecticut a crown colony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amitābha", "text": "Amitābha ( Sanskrit pronunciation : [ ɐmɪˈtaːbʱɐ ] ) , also known as Amida or Amitāyus , is a celestial buddha according to the scriptures of Mahayana Buddhism . Amitābha is the principal buddha in Pure Land Buddhism , a branch of East Asian Buddhism . In Vajrayana Buddhism , Amitābha is known for his longevity attribute , magnetising red fire element , the aggregate of discernment , pure perception and the deep awareness of emptiness of phenomena . According to these scriptures , Amitābha possesses infinite merit resulting from good deeds over countless past lives as a bodhisattva named Dharmakāra . Amitābha means Infinite Light , and Amitāyus means Infinite Life so Amitābha is also called The Buddha of Immeasurable Light and Life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Army_Training_Command_(India)", "text": "The Army Training Command , abbreviated as ARTRAC , is one of the seven commands of the Indian Army . It is based at Shimla . Lieutenant General Pattacheruvanda C Thimayya is the present commander ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lois_McMaster_Bujold", "text": "Lois McMaster Bujold ( /buːˈʒoʊld/ ( listen ) boo-ZHOHLD ; born November 2 , 1949 ) is an American speculative fiction writer . She is one of the most acclaimed writers in her field , having won the Hugo Award for best novel four times , matching Robert A. Heinlein 's record ( not counting his Retro Hugos ) . Her novella The Mountains of Mourning won both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award . In the fantasy genre , The Curse of Chalion won the Mythopoeic Award for Adult Literature and was nominated for the 2002 World Fantasy Award for best novel , and both her fourth Hugo Award and second Nebula Award were for Paladin of Souls . In 2011 she was awarded the Skylark Award . In 2013 she was awarded the Forry Award for Lifetime Achievement , named for Forrest J. Ackerman , by the Los Angeles Science Fantasy Society . She has won two Hugo Awards for Best Series , in 2017 for the Vorkosigan Saga and in 2018 for the Chalion series . The Science Fiction Writers of America named her its 36th SFWA Grand Master in 2019 . The bulk of Bujold 's works comprises three separate book series : the Vorkosigan Saga , the Chalion series , and the Sharing Knife series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_P._Conway", "text": "James P. Conway ( August 4 , 1910 - May 31 , 1984 ) was an American Hall of Fame trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing who trained forty-three stakes winners including five Champions and a winner of two American Classic Races . Before becoming a professional trainer in 1946 , Conway worked at various racetrack jobs . His first major client was Dallas , Texas hotel owner Ben Whitaker for whom Jimmy Conway conditioned the 1948 and 1953 American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly , Miss Request and Grecian Queen . Whitaker died in April 1954 , and Conway 's next Champion was with another filly named Pucker Up . Owned by Ada L. Rice , Pucker Up was the 1957 American Champion Older Female Horse . From 1962 to 1966 Jimmy Conway trained for John Galbreath 's Darby Dan Farm with whom he would enjoy his greatest success . In his first year with Darby Dan , Conway conditioned the filly Primonetta to 1962 American Champion Older Female Horse honors then the following year won two of the U.S . Triple Crown races with Chateaugay . The colt won the 1963 Kentucky Derby at 1¼ miles , finished second to Candy Spots in the 1³/16 mile Preakness Stakes , then won the 1½ mile Belmont Stakes . Chateaugay would be Conway 's fifth Champion , voted 1963 American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse . Besides his 1963 win in the Kentucky Derby , Conway had four other horses who ran in the prestigious race : 1948 ( 3rd ) , 1957 ( 6th ) , 1968 ( 2nd ) , 1970 ( 12th ) . After leaving the Darby Dan stable , in 1967 Conway returned to operating a public stable , training horses for notable owners such as Maxwell Gluck 's Elmendorf Farm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaspal_Rana", "text": "Jaspal Rana ( born 28 June 1976 ) is an Indian shooter . He contested mainly in the 25 m Centre Fire Pistol category . He was a gold medallist at the 1994 Asian Games , 1998 Commonwealth Games - Men 's Center Fire Pistol , Men 's Center Fire Pistol Pairs , 2002 Commonwealth Games - Men 's 25m Center Fire Pistol , 2006 Commonwealth Games - Men 's 25m Center Fire Pistol Pairs , and 2006 Asian Games . At present , Rana coaches at the Jaspal Rana Institute of Education and Technology in Dehradun ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Twentieth_Century_Fox_Film_Corporation", "text": "20th Century Studios ( formerly 20th Century Fox ) is an American film studio that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios , a division of The Walt Disney Company . The studio is located on the Fox Studio Lot in the Century City area of Los Angeles . For over 83 years , it was one of the Big Six major American film studios formed from the merger of the Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures in 1935 . In 1985 , the studio was acquired by News Corporation , which was succeeded by 21st Century Fox in 2013 following the spin-off of its publishing assets . In 2019 , Disney acquired 20th Century Fox through its merger with 21st Century Fox . In 2020 , the studio was renamed to 20th Century Studios ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magdalena_Neuner", "text": "Magdalena Lena Neuner ( since her 2014 marriage legally Magdalena Holzer , born 9 February 1987 ) is a retired German professional biathlete . She is the most successful woman of all time at Biathlon World Championships and a two-time Olympic gold medalist . At the age of 21 , she became the youngest Overall World Cup winner in the history of the International Biathlon Union ( IBU ) . With 34 World Cup wins , Neuner is ranked second all-time for career victories on the Biathlon World Cup tour . She has won the Overall World Cup title three times , in 2007-08 , in 2009-10 and her final season in 2011-12 . Neuner retired from the sport in March 2012 , citing a lack of motivation and her desire for a normal life . Neuner started biathlon when she was nine years old and won five junior world championship titles from 2004 to 2006 . She made her World Cup debut in 2006 and won her first World Cup race in January 2007 . One month later , she claimed three gold medals in her first appearance at the Biathlon World Championships . In the 2007-08 season , Neuner won the Overall World Cup and once more claimed three titles at the 2008 World Championships . After a less successful winter in 2008-09 , she participated in her first Winter Olympic Games in 2010 , winning the gold medal in both the pursuit and the mass start , and silver in the sprint race . Neuner also claimed the 2009-10 Overall World Cup title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lewis_Carroll", "text": "Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ( /ˈlʌtwɪdʒ ˈdɒdʒsən/ ; 27 January 1832 - 14 January 1898 ) , better known by his pen name Lewis Carroll , was an English writer of world-famous children 's fiction , notably Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland and its sequel Through the Looking-Glass . He was noted for his facility at word play , logic , and fantasy . The poems Jabberwocky and The Hunting of the Snark are classified in the genre of literary nonsense . He was also a mathematician , photographer , and Anglican deacon . Carroll came from a family of high-church Anglicans , and developed a long relationship with Christ Church , Oxford , where he lived for most of his life as a scholar and teacher . Alice Liddell , daughter of the Dean of Christ Church , Henry Liddell , is widely identified as the original for Alice in Wonderland , though Carroll always denied this . Born in All Saints ' Vicarage , Daresbury , Cheshire in 1832 , Carroll is commemorated at All Saints ' Church , Daresbury in its stained glass windows depicting characters from Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . In 1982 , a memorial stone to Carroll was unveiled in Poets ' Corner , Westminster Abbey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ilene_Woods", "text": "Jacqueline Ruth Ilene Woods ( May 5 , 1929 - July 1 , 2010 ) was an American actress and singer . Woods was the original voice of the title character of the Walt Disney animated feature Cinderella , for which she was named a Disney Legend in 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corpus_Christi_College,_Oxford", "text": "Corpus Christi College ( formally , Corpus Christi College in the University of Oxford , informally abbreviated as Corpus or CCC ) , is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom . Founded in 1517 , it is the 12th oldest college in Oxford . The college , situated on Merton Street between Merton College and Christ Church , is one of the smallest in Oxford by student population , having around 250 undergraduates and 90 graduates . It is academic by Oxford standards , averaging in the top half of the university 's informal ranking system , the Norrington Table , in recent years , and coming second in 2009-10 . The college 's role in the translation of the King James Bible is historically significant . The college is also noted for the pillar sundial in the main quadrangle , known as the Pelican Sundial , which was erected in 1581 . Corpus achieved notability in more recent years by winning University Challenge on 9 May 2005 and once again on 23 February 2009 , although the latter win was later disqualified . The Visitor of the college is ex officio the Bishop of Winchester , currently Tim Dakin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aaron_F._Perry", "text": "Aaron Fyfe Perry ( January 1 , 1815 - March 11 , 1893 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harvard_Crimson", "text": "The Harvard Crimson are the athletic teams of Harvard University . The school 's teams compete in NCAA Division I . As of 2013 , there were 42 Division I intercollegiate varsity sports teams for women and men at Harvard , more than at any other NCAA Division I college in the country . Like the other Ivy League universities , Harvard does not offer athletic scholarships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_NFL_season", "text": "The 1995 NFL season was the 76th regular season of the National Football League . The league expanded to 30 teams with the addition of the Carolina Panthers and the Jacksonville Jaguars . The two expansion teams were slotted into the two remaining divisions that previously had only four teams ( while the other four had five teams ) : the AFC Central ( Jaguars ) and the NFC West ( Panthers ) . Meanwhile , the two teams in Los Angeles relocated to other cities : the Rams transferred to St. Louis ( but would return to Los Angeles in 2016 ) and the Raiders moved back to Oakland ; this would be the start of a 20-year absence for the NFL in Los Angeles . During the course of the season it emerged that the Cleveland Browns would relocate to Baltimore for the 1996 season . The Raiders move was not announced until after the schedule had been announced , which resulted in a problem in the third week of the season when both the Raiders and the San Francisco 49ers had games scheduled to air on NBC which ended up overlapping each other . The Raiders game was rescheduled for 10:00 AM PDT in case they were to relocate and NBC was given the doubleheader so that both Bay Area teams had their games televised locally . The season ended with Super Bowl XXX , when the Dallas Cowboys defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers 27-17 at the Sun Devil Stadium . They became the first team in NFL history to win three Super Bowls in four years . This season was legendary Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shulas last season as coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_triple_jump", "text": "The men 's triple jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 18-21 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium . The qualifying standards were 17.10 m ( 56.1 ft ) ( A standard ) and 16.80 m ( 55.12 ft ) ( B standard ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albany_State_University", "text": "Albany State University is a public historically black university in Albany , Georgia . In 2017 , Darton State College and Albany State University consolidated to become one university under the University System of Georgia ( USG ) . Albany State University has two campuses in Albany ( East and West Campus ) and a satellite campus in Cordele ( Cordele Center ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Air_Combat_Command", "text": "Air Combat Command ( ACC ) is one of nine Major Commands ( MAJCOMs ) in the United States Air Force , reporting to Headquarters , United States Air Force ( HAF ) at the Pentagon . It is the primary provider of air combat forces for the Air Force , and it is the direct successor to Tactical Air Command . Air Combat Command is headquartered at Langley Air Force Base , Joint Base Langley-Eustis , Virginia , United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes_AMG_High_Performance_Powertrains", "text": "Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains ( previously known as Ilmor Engineering and Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines ) is a British Formula One engine manufacturer , owned by Mercedes-Benz . The company supplied Sauber during the 1994 season , McLaren from 1995 to 2014 , Force India from 2009 to 2018 , Brawn in 2009 , the Mercedes factory team since 2010 , Williams since 2014 , Lotus in 2015 , Manor Racing in 2016 , Racing Point Force India in 2018 and Racing Point since 2018 . Their engines have won eight Formula One Constructors ' Championships and ten Drivers ' Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Wacker_Innsbruck", "text": "FC Wacker Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck , Tyrol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KF_Tirana", "text": "Klubi i Futbollit Tirana is an Albanian football club based in the country 's capital city , Tirana . The men 's football club is part of the multi-disciplinary sports club SK Tirana , and is the most successful in Albania , having won 51 recognized major domestic trophies . They play their home games at the Selman Stërmasi Stadium in Tirana and they play in the Albanian Superliga . The club was founded on 15 August 1920 as Shoqata Sportive Agimi ( in English : Agimi Sports Association ) and they had since participated in all the top tier national championships ever held in Albania . However the ninth-place finish in the 2016-17 season relegated the club to the Albanian First Division ( second-tier ) for the first time in their history . They have competed under the name of SK Tirana between 1927 and 1947 , when the communist regime forcibly renamed the club 17 Nëntori Tirana , Puna Tirana and KS 17 Nëntori . In 1991 KF Tirana retook its pre-1947 name and was divided into two branches , the multi disciplinary SK Tirana and the football branch of KF Tirana . KF Tirana is the most successful Albanian team in European competitions , having progressed from the first rounds on 11 occasions since making their European debut in the 1965-66 European Cup . They reached Round of 16 in European Competitions four times , three such in the European Cup ( now Champions League ) alone in 1980s . The club also holds the record of being the highest ever ranking Albanian club according to IFFHS , having been ranked 31st in the world in 1987 , following good results in their 1986-87 campaign . In addition , KF Tirana is an ECA member ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco", "text": "San Francisco , officially the City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF , San Fran , Frisco , or The City , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . San Francisco is the 15th most populous city in the United States , and the fourth most populous in California , with 883,305 residents as of 2018 . It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles ( 121.4 km2 ) , mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area , making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city , and the fifth most densely populated U.S. county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population , with 4.7 million people , and the 4th-largest by economic output , with GDP of $ 549 billion in 2018 . With San Jose , it forms the fifth most populous combined statistical area in the United States , the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland , CA Combined Statistical Area ( 9.67 million residents in 2018 ) . As of 2018 , San Francisco was the seventh-highest-income county in the United States , with a per capita personal income of $ 130,696 . In the same year , San Francisco proper had a GDP of $ 183.2 billion , and a GDP per capita of $ 207,371 . The CSA San Francisco shares with San Jose and Oakland was the country 's third-largest urban economy as of 2018 , with a GDP of $ 1.03 trillion . Of the 500+ primary statistical areas in the U.S. , this CSA had among the highest GDP per capita in 2018 , at $ 106,757 . San Francisco was ranked 12th in the world and 2nd in the United States on the Global Financial Centres Index as of September 2019 . As of 2016 , the San Francisco metropolitan area had the highest GDP per capita , labor productivity , and household income levels in the OECD . San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de Asís a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelantan_FA", "text": "Kelantan Football Association , also known as The Red Warriors , is a professional association football club based in Kota Bharu , in the Malaysian state of Kelantan . The football team has played in the second tier of Malaysian football , Malaysia Premier League since 2019 . Founded in 1946 , they have a long-standing rivalry with Terengganu , the two east coast teams involved in what is known as the East Coast Derby . Their home is the 22,000-seat Sultan Muhammad IV Stadium . Kelantan 's regular kit colours are red shirt and shorts with a white pattern on the side . The team had their first major success in the 2012 season , when they have won treble which is Malaysia Super League championship , Malaysia FA Cup and Malaysia Cup . Domestically , Kelantan have won the Malaysia Super League Championship on 2 occasions , most recently in the 2012 season , 2 Malaysia Cup titles , 2 Malaysia FA Cup titles , 1 Charity Shield and 1 Malaysia Premier League title . 2012 was their debut playing in the AFC Cup . They played well in the group stage to gain first place . However , the team lost in the quarter final to Erbil SC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gaj's_Latin_alphabet", "text": "Gaj 's Latin alphabet ( Serbo-Croatian : abeceda , latinica , or gajica ) is the form of the Latin script used for writing Serbo-Croatian and all of its standard varieties : Bosnian , Croatian , Serbian , and Montenegrin . It was devised by Croatian linguist Ljudevit Gaj in 1835 , based on Jan Hus 's Czech alphabet . A slightly reduced version is used as the script of the Slovene language , and a slightly expanded version is used as a script of the modern standard Montenegrin language . A modified version is used for the romanization of the Macedonian language . Pavao Ritter Vitezović had proposed an idea for the orthography of the Croatian language , stating that every sound should have only one letter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Botafogo_Futebol_Clube_(SP)", "text": "Botafogo Futebol Clube is a Brazilian association football club based in Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo state , founded on October 12 , 1918 . The club currently competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B after achieving promotion in 2018 , and in the Campeonato Paulista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yu_Xiaoyu", "text": "Yu Xiaoyu ( Chinese : 于小雨 ; pinyin : Yú Xiǎoyǔ ; Mandarin pronunciation : [ y̌ ɕjàu ỳ ] ; born in Beijing ) is a Chinese female pair skater . With current partner Zhang Hao , she is the 2016-17 Grand Prix Final silver medalist , 2017 Asian Winter Games champion and 2018 Chinese national champion . With former partner Jin Yang , she is a two-time ( 2014 , 2015 ) World Junior champion , the 2012 World Junior silver medalist , the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics champion , the 2013-2014 JGP Final champion , and the 2016 Four Continents bronze medalist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Texas_Rangers_season", "text": "The 2013 Texas Rangers season was the Rangers ' 53rd season of the franchise and the 42nd since the team relocated to Arlington , Texas . The Rangers lost a tie-breaking 163rd game against the Tampa Bay Rays on September 30 , 2013 , and were eliminated from playoff contention for the first time since 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eli_Manning", "text": "Elisha Nelson Manning IV ( born January 3 , 1981 ) is a former American football quarterback who played his entire 16-year career for the New York Giants of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at the University of Mississippi from 2000 to 2003 . He was drafted as the first overall pick in the 2004 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers and was immediately traded to the Giants who in return gave up a package , highlighted by fourth overall selection Philip Rivers . Manning is the son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and the younger brother of former NFL quarterback Peyton Manning . Manning holds Giants franchise records for most passing yards , touchdown passes , and completed passes in a career . In 2012 , in a 41-34 win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , he threw for 510 yards , three yards short of Phil Simms ' franchise record of 513 . Manning showed durability throughout his career . He started 210 straight games from 2004 to 2017 , the third-longest consecutive starts streak by a quarterback in NFL history , and never missed a game due to an injury . He is the seventh all-time leader in passing yards and eighth in touchdowns . Though lacking his brother 's regular season consistency and high-caliber performances , Manning is known for his two improbable Super Bowl-winning postseason runs in 2007 and 2011 , in which he led underdog Giants squads to Super Bowl victories against the New England Patriots in Super Bowls XLII and XLVI . Manning was named Most Valuable Player in both Super Bowls , becoming one of five players to have multiple Super Bowl MVP awards ( Bart Starr and Terry Bradshaw also have two , Joe Montana - three , and Tom Brady - four ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991_Dubai_Classic", "text": "The 1991 Dubai Duty Free Classic was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place in October 1991 at the Al Nasr Stadium in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . John Parrott won the tournament , defeating Tony Knowles 9-3 in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Theater_Bremen", "text": "Theater Bremen ( Bremen Theatre ) is a state theatre in Bremen , Germany , with four divisions for opera , plays , dance , and student programs . Its venues are located in a city block , connected in architecture and seating up to 1,426 spectators . The theatre has drawn international attention since 1962 with innovative play productions in the Bremer Stil ( Bremen style ) . Its opera company was selected as opera house of the year by Opernwelt in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramanna_Shamanna", "text": "Ramanna Shamanna ( Kannada : ರಾಮಣ್ಣ ಶಾಮಣ್ಣ ) is a 1988 Kannada action drama film , written by Shanmugha Priyan and directed by B. Subba Rao . The film had an ensemble cast including Ambarish , V. Ravichandran , Madhavi , Geetha and Devaraj in the lead roles , while many other prominent actors featured in supporting roles . The soundtrack and score composition was by popular singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and the lyrics along with the dialogues were written by Chi . Udaya Shankar . The film was a remake of Tamil film Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dwayne_Johnson", "text": "Dwayne Douglas Johnson ( born May 2 , 1972 ) , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , investor and retired professional wrestler . Johnson was a professional wrestler for the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) for eight years prior to pursuing an acting career . His films have grossed over $ 3.5 billion in North America and over $ 10.5 billion worldwide , making Johnson one of the most successful and highest-grossing box-office stars of all time . Johnson was a college football player for the University of Miami , with whom he won a national championship in 1991 . He initially aspired for a professional career in football and entered the 1995 NFL Draft , but he went undrafted . As a result , Johnson signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) , but was cut from the team in the middle of his first season . Shortly after , he began training as a professional wrestler . In 1996 , Johnson secured a contract with the WWF and was promoted as the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history , as he is the son of Rocky Johnson and grandson of Peter Maivia . He rose to prominence after developing a charismatic persona of a boastful trash-talking wrestler named The Rock . He subsequently won his first WWF Championship in 1998 and helped usher the WWF into the Attitude Era , a boom period in the company 's business in the latter 1990s and early 2000s which still hold professional wrestling records for television ratings . In 2004 , he left the WWE to pursue an acting career and went on a seven-year hiatus before returning in 2011 as a part-time performer until 2013 , before wholly retiring in 2019 . Considered to be one of the greatest professional wrestlers and biggest draws of all-time , The Rock headlined the most-bought professional wrestling pay-per-view event ever , WrestleMania XXVIII , and was featured in among the most watched episodes of WWE 's television shows , WWE Raw and WWE SmackDown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mahabodhi_Temple", "text": "The Mahabodhi Temple ( literally : Great Awakening Temple ) , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , is an ancient , but much rebuilt and restored , Buddhist temple in Bodh Gaya , marking the location where the Buddha is said to have attained enlightenment . Bodh Gaya ( in Gaya district ) is about 96 km ( 60 mi ) from Patna , Bihar state , India . The site contains a descendant of the Bodhi Tree under which Buddha gained enlightenment , and has been a major pilgrimage destination for Hindus and Buddhists for well over two thousand years , and some elements probably date to the period of Ashoka ( died c. 232 BCE ) . What is now visible on the ground essentially dates from the 7th century CE , or perhaps somewhat earlier , as well as several major restorations since the 19th century . But the structure now may well incorporate large parts of earlier work , possibly from the 2nd or 3rd century CE . Many of the oldest sculptural elements have been moved to the museum beside the temple , and some , such as the carved stone railing wall around the main structure , have been replaced by replicas . The main temple 's survival is especially impressive , as it was mostly made of brick covered with stucco , materials that are much less durable than stone . However , it is understood that very little of the original sculptural decoration has survived . The temple complex includes two large straight-sided shikhara towers , the largest over 55 metres ( 180 feet ) high . This is a stylistic feature that has continued in Jain and Hindu temples to the present day , and influenced Buddhist architecture in other countries , in forms like the pagoda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gangrene", "text": "Gangrene is a type of tissue death caused by a lack of blood supply . Symptoms may include a change in skin color to red or black , numbness , swelling , pain , skin breakdown , and coolness . The feet and hands are most commonly affected . Certain types may present with a fever or sepsis . Risk factors include diabetes , peripheral arterial disease , smoking , major trauma , alcoholism , HIV/AIDS , frostbite , and Raynaud 's syndrome . It can be classified as dry gangrene , wet gangrene , gas gangrene , internal gangrene , and necrotizing fasciitis . The diagnosis of gangrene is based on symptoms and supported by tests such as medical imaging . Treatment may involve surgery to remove the dead tissue , antibiotics to treat any infection , and efforts to address the underlying cause . Surgical efforts may include debridement , amputation , or the use of maggot therapy . Efforts to treat the underlying cause may include bypass surgery or angioplasty . In certain cases , hyperbaric oxygen therapy may be useful . How commonly the condition occurs is unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1984 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , California , United States ( and other venues around the United States ) . This was the second time that Los Angeles had hosted the Games , the first being in 1932 . California was the home state of then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan , who officially opened the Games . The logo for the 1984 Games , branded Stars in Motion , featured red , white and blue stars arranged horizontally and struck through with alternating streaks . The official mascot of the Games was Sam the Olympic Eagle . These were the first Summer Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Juan Antonio Samaranch . The 1984 Games were boycotted by a total of fourteen Eastern Bloc countries , including the Soviet Union and East Germany , in response to the American-led boycott of the previous 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan ; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc nation that opted to attend the Games . Iran and Libya also chose to boycott the Games for unrelated reasons . Despite the field being depleted in certain sports due to the boycott , 140 National Olympic Committees took part , which was a record at the time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , followed by Romania and West Germany . The 1984 Summer Olympics are widely considered to be the most financially successful modern Olympics and served as an example of how to run the model Olympic Games . As a result of low construction costs , coupled with a reliance on private corporate funding , the 1984 Olympic Games generated a profit of more than $ 250 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_NHL_season", "text": "The 1981-82 NHL season was the 65th season of the National Hockey League . The William M. Jennings Trophy made its debut this year as the trophy for the goaltenders from the team with the fewest goals against , thus replacing the Vezina Trophy in that qualifying criteria . The Vezina Trophy would thereafter be awarded to the goaltender adjudged to be the best at his position . The New York Islanders won their third straight Stanley Cup by sweeping the Vancouver Canucks in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erasmus_W._Beck", "text": "Erasmus Williams Beck ( October 21 , 1833 - July 22 , 1898 ) was a U.S. Representative from Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jazz", "text": "Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans , United States . It originated in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , and developed from roots in blues and ragtime . Jazz is seen by many as America 's classical music . Since the 1920s Jazz Age , jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression . It then emerged in the form of independent traditional and popular musical styles , all linked by the common bonds of African-American and European-American musical parentage with a performance orientation . Jazz is characterized by swing and blue notes , call and response vocals , polyrhythms and improvisation . Jazz has roots in West African cultural and musical expression , and in African-American music traditions including blues and ragtime , as well as European military band music . Intellectuals around the world have hailed jazz as one of America 's original art forms . As jazz spread around the world , it drew on national , regional , and local musical cultures , which gave rise to different styles . New Orleans jazz began in the early 1910s , combining earlier brass-band marches , French quadrilles , biguine , ragtime and blues with collective polyphonic improvisation . In the 1930s , heavily arranged dance-oriented swing big bands , Kansas City jazz , a hard-swinging , bluesy , improvisational style and Gypsy jazz ( a style that emphasized musette waltzes ) were the prominent styles . Bebop emerged in the 1940s , shifting jazz from danceable popular music toward a more challenging musician 's music which was played at faster tempos and used more chord-based improvisation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blakely_rifle", "text": "A Blakely rifle is one of a series of rifled muzzle-loading cannon designed by British army officer Captain Theophilus Alexander Blakely . They were widely sold outside of the British army , and were best known for their use by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linhares", "text": "Linhares is the name of a municipality in the state of Espírito Santo , Brazil , 135 kilometres ( 84 mi ) north of the state capital , Vitória . It is the largest municipality by area in the state , at 9,501.6 km² , and has a population of 157.814 people ( 2013 ) . The municipality is named in honor of D. Rodrigo de Souza Coutinho , Count of Linhares , who was a minister in the Brazilian government in the first two decades of the 19th century . The city took international knowledge , being the residence of Miss Gay Brazil 2013 and 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dras", "text": "Dras ( also spelt Drass . ISO transliteration : Drās ) , a tourist hub for its high altitude trekking routes and tourist sites , is a town in the Kargil district of the union territory of Ladakh in India . It is on the NH 1 ( former name NH 1D before renumbering of all national highways ) between Zoji La pass and Kargil town . It is often called The Gateway to Ladakh . The government 's official spelling of the town is Drass . It is the second coldest inhabited place in the world after Siberia and coldest place in India with lowest temperature -60°C on January 09 , 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Blair", "text": "Anthony Charles Lynton Blair ( born 6 May 1953 ) is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 . After his resignation , he was appointed Special Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East , an office which he held until 2015 . He currently runs the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change . Born in Edinburgh , Blair 's father was a barrister and academic . After attending the private Fettes College , he studied law at St John 's College , Oxford and became a barrister . He became involved in Labour politics and was elected Member of Parliament for Sedgefield in 1983 . He supported moving the party to the centre of British politics in an attempt to help it win power ( it had been out of government since 1979 ) . He was appointed to the party 's frontbench in 1988 and became Shadow Home Secretary in 1992 . He became Leader of the Opposition on his election as Labour Party leader in 1994 , following the sudden death of his predecessor , John Smith . Under Blair , the party used the phrase New Labour to distance itself from previous Labour politics and the traditional idea of socialism . He declared support for the Third Way - politics that recognised individuals as socially interdependent , advocating social justice , cohesion , the equal worth of each citizen , and equal opportunity . Despite opposition from Labour 's hard left , he removed the party 's formal commitment to the nationalisation of the economy , weakened trade union influence in the party , and committed to the free market and the European Union ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1970–71_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1970-71 Montreal Canadiens season was the club 's 62nd season . After missing the playoffs in the previous season , the team rebounded to place third in the East Division , qualifying for the playoffs . Behind new star goalie Ken Dryden the team won their 17th Stanley Cup championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantis", "text": "Atlantis ( Ancient Greek : Ἀτλαντὶς νῆσος , island of Atlas ) is a fictional island mentioned within an allegory on the hubris of nations in Plato 's works Timaeus and Critias , where it represents the antagonist naval power that besieges Ancient Athens , the pseudo-historic embodiment of Plato 's ideal state in The Republic . In the story , Athens repels the Atlantean attack unlike any other nation of the known world , supposedly giving testament to the superiority of Plato 's concept of a state . The story concludes with Atlantis falling out of favor with the deities and submerging into the Atlantic Ocean . Despite its minor importance in Plato 's work , the Atlantis story has had a considerable impact on literature . The allegorical aspect of Atlantis was taken up in utopian works of several Renaissance writers , such as Francis Bacon 's New Atlantis and Thomas More 's Utopia . On the other hand , nineteenth-century amateur scholars misinterpreted Plato 's narrative as historical tradition , most famously in Ignatius L. Donnelly 's Atlantis : The Antediluvian World . Plato 's vague indications of the time of the events - more than 9,000 years before his time - and the alleged location of Atlantis - beyond the Pillars of Hercules - has led to much pseudoscientific speculation . As a consequence , Atlantis has become a byword for any and all supposed advanced prehistoric lost civilizations and continues to inspire contemporary fiction , from comic books to films . While present-day philologists and classicists agree on the story 's fictional character , there is still debate on what served as its inspiration . As for instance with the story of Gyges , Plato is known to have freely borrowed some of his allegories and metaphors from older traditions . This led a number of scholars to investigate possible inspiration of Atlantis from Egyptian records of the Thera eruption , the Sea Peoples invasion , or the Trojan War . Others have rejected this chain of tradition as implausible and insist that Plato created an entirely fictional nation as his example , drawing loose inspiration from contemporary events such as the failed Athenian invasion of Sicily in 415-413 BC or the destruction of Helike in 373 BC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miracle_Wood_Stakes", "text": "The Miracle Wood Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held in February at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel , Maryland . The Miracle Wood is open to three-year-olds and is run at seven furlongs on the dirt . An ungraded stakes , it currently offers a purse of $ 100,000 . The Miracle Wood is also one of Maryland 's triple crown prep races . The winner of the race typically moves on to compete in the Private Terms Stakes held in March at Laurel Park Racecourse as well , but winners have also ventured to New York and Kentucky for their next races . The race was named in honor of Miracle Wood , a champion Maryland bred colt that won many races and accolades . In 2008 , the race was shortened from one mile to the current distance of seven furlongs . During the first eleven years of the race ( 1993-2003 ) , it was run at a distance of ​1 1⁄16 miles ( 8.5 furlongs ) . In 2006 , Sweetnorthernsaint set a record winning margin of ten lengths . He went on to win the Illinois Derby that year and was the post time favorite in the 132nd Kentucky Derby . A local horse based at Laurel Park Racecourse , Sweetnorthernsaint became a millionaire and placed second in the state 's biggest race , the Preakness Stakes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piccadilly_Gardens", "text": "Piccadilly Gardens is a green space in Manchester city centre , England , between Market Street and the edge of the Northern Quarter . Piccadilly runs eastwards from the junction of Market Street with Mosley Street to the junction of London Road with Ducie Street ; to the south are the gardens and paved areas . The area was reconfigured in 2002 with a water feature and concrete pavilion by Japanese architect Tadao Ando ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K273BZ", "text": "KCMO-FM ( 94.9 MHz , 94-9 KCMO ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Shawnee , Kansas and serving the Kansas City metropolitan area . The station is owned by Cumulus Broadcasting and airs a classic hits radio format , switching to all-Christmas music from mid-November to December 25 . KCMO-FM 's studios and offices are located on Foxridge Drive in Mission , Kansas . The transmitter is off Menown Avenue in Independence , Missouri . KCMO-FM broadcasts in the HD Radio format , with its HD2 signal airing an adult hits format , known as 102.5 Jack FM , which is simulcast on 250 watt translator K273BZ at 102.5 MHz . The talk radio format of AM sister station KCMO is carried on KCMO-FM 's HD3 subchannel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prohibition", "text": "Prohibition is the act or practice of forbidding something by law ; more particularly the term refers to the banning of the manufacture , storage ( whether in barrels or in bottles ) , transportation , sale , possession , and consumption of alcoholic beverages . The word is also used to refer to a period of time during which such bans are enforced ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archie_Manning", "text": "Elisha Archibald Manning III ( born May 19 , 1949 ) is a former American football quarterback who played professionally for 13 seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints from 1971 to 1982 , and for short stints with the Houston Oilers and Minnesota Vikings . In college , he played for the Ole Miss Rebels football team at the University of Mississippi , and was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame . Manning is the father of Cooper Manning , and former NFL quarterbacks Peyton Manning and Eli Manning . Peyton and Eli have each won two Super Bowls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alina_Pätz", "text": "Alina Pätz ( born 8 March 1990 in Urdorf , Switzerland ) is a three-time World champion Swiss curler . She currently throws fourth stones on Team Silvana Tirinzoni on the World Curling Tour and was the alternate player for the Mirjam Ott rink which represented Switzerland at the 2014 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Playboi_Carti", "text": "Jordan Terrell Carter ( born September 13 , 1996 ) , known by his stage name Playboi Carti , is an American rapper , singer and songwriter . Formerly signed to Atlanta-based underground label Awful Records , Carter is currently signed to A $ AP Mob 's AWGE Label and Interscope Records . His eponymous debut mixtape was released on April 14 , 2017 , and his debut studio album , Die Lit , was released on May 11 , 2018 . His second studio album , Whole Lotta Red is yet to be released ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Schumacher", "text": "Michael Schumacher ( /ˈʃuːmɑːkər/ ; German : [ ˈmɪçaːʔeːl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ] ( listen ) ; born 3 January 1969 ) is a retired German racing driver who raced in Formula One for Jordan Grand Prix , Benetton and Ferrari , where he spent most of his career , as well as for Mercedes upon his return to the sport . Widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers ever , and regarded by some as the greatest of all time , Schumacher is the only driver in history to win seven Formula One World Championships , five of which he won consecutively . The most successful driver in the history of the sport , Schumacher holds the records for the most World Championship titles ( 7 ) , the most Grand Prix wins ( 91 ) , the most fastest laps ( 77 ) and the most races won in a single season ( 13 ) , and according to the official Formula One website ( Formula1.com ) , Schumacher was statistically the greatest driver the sport has ever seen at the time of his retirement from the sport . After success in karting as a child , Schumacher won titles in Formula König and Formula Three before joining Mercedes in the World Sportscar Championship . In 1991 his Mercedes-funded race debut for the Jordan Formula One team resulted in Schumacher being signed by Benetton for the rest of that season . He finished third in 1992 and fourth in 1993 , before becoming the first German World Drivers ' Champion in 1994 by one point over Damon Hill , albeit in controversial circumstances . In 1995 he repeated the success , this time with a greater margin . In 1996 Schumacher moved to Ferrari , who had last won the Drivers ' Championship in 1979 , and helped them transform into the most successful team in Formula One history , as he came close to winning the 1997 and 1998 titles , before breaking his leg at the 1999 British Grand Prix , ending another title run . Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 , including an unprecedented sixth and seventh title . In 2002 Schumacher won the title with a record six races remaining and finished on the podium in every race . In 2004 Schumacher won twelve out of the first thirteen races and went on to win a record 13 times as he won his final title . Schumacher retired from Formula One in 2006 , after finishing runner-up to Renault 's Fernando Alonso ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sanford_Stadium", "text": "Sanford Stadium ( in full Dooley Field at Sanford Stadium ) is the on-campus playing venue for football at the University of Georgia in Athens , Georgia , United States ( also known as UGA ) . The 92,746-seat stadium is the tenth-largest stadium in the NCAA . Architecturally , the stadium is known for its numerous expansions over the years that have been carefully planned to fit with the existing look of the stadium . The view of Georgia 's campus and rolling hills from the open west end-zone has led many to refer to Sanford Stadium as college football 's most beautiful on-campus stadium , while the surrounding pageantry has made it noteworthy as one of college football 's best , loudest , and most intimidating atmospheres . Games played there are said to be played Between the Hedges due to the field being surrounded by privet hedges , which have been a part of the design of the stadium since it opened in 1929 . The current hedges were planted in 1996 after the originals were taken out to accommodate soccer for the 1996 Summer Olympics . The stadium is the 11th largest stadium in the United States and the 17th-largest such stadium in the world . Unlike most stadiums that have artificial playing surfaces , Sanford Stadium from the outset had , and continues to have , a natural grass surface , planted with Tifton 419 Bermuda Grass ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Platoon_Sergeant", "text": "In many militaries , a platoon sergeant is the senior enlisted member of a platoon , who advises and supports the platoon 's commanding officer in leading the unit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aquarius_(astrology)", "text": "Aquarius ( ♒ ) is the eleventh astrological sign in the Zodiac , originating from the constellation Aquarius . Under the tropical zodiac , the Sun is in the Aquarius sign between about January 21 and about February 20 , while under the sidereal Zodiac , the sun is in Aquarius from approximately February 15 to March 14 , depending on the leap year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vadodara", "text": "Vadodara ( Gujarati pronunciation : [ ʋəˈɽodəɾɑː ] ; formerly known as Baroda ) is a large city in the Indian state of Gujarat . It is the administrative headquarters of Vadodara District and is located on the banks of the Vishwamitri river , 141 kilometres ( 88 mi ) from the state capital Gandhinagar . The railway line and NH 8 that connect Delhi and Mumbai pass through Vadodara . It is known as a Sanskari Nagari ( city ) of India . As of 2011 [ update ] , Vadodara had a population of almost 2 million people . The city is known for the Lakshmi Vilas Palace , the residence of Baroda State 's Maratha royal family , the Gaekwads , of the Gaekwad Dynasty . It is also the home of the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda , the largest university in Gujarat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexandria,_Louisiana", "text": "Alexandria is the ninth-largest city in the state of Louisiana and is the parish seat of Rapides Parish , Louisiana , United States . It lies on the south bank of the Red River in almost the exact geographic center of the state . It is the principal city of the Alexandria metropolitan area ( population 153,922 ) which encompasses all of Rapides and Grant parishes . Its neighboring city is Pineville . In 2010 , the population was 47,723 , an increase of 3 percent from the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rosi_Mittermaier", "text": "Rosemarie Rosi Mittermaier-Neureuther ( born 5 August 1950 ) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from Germany . She was the overall World Cup champion in 1976 and a double gold medalist at the 1976 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivan_Lendrić", "text": "Ivan Lendrić ( born 8 August 1991 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Bosnian Premier League club Željezničar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heinie_Manush", "text": "Henry Emmett Manush ( July 20 , 1901 - May 12 , 1971 ) , nicknamed Heinie , was an American baseball outfielder . He played professional baseball for 20 years from 1920 to 1939 , including 17 years in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers ( 1923-1927 ) , St. Louis Browns ( 1928-1930 ) , Washington Senators ( 1930-1935 ) , Boston Red Sox ( 1936 ) , Brooklyn Dodgers ( 1937-1938 ) , and Pittsburgh Pirates ( 1938-1939 ) . After retiring as a player , Manush was a minor league manager from 1940 to 1945 , a scout for the Boston Braves in the late 1940s and a coach for the Senators from 1953 to 1954 . He also scouted for the expansion Senators in the early 1960s . He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1964 . A native of Tuscumbia , Alabama , Manush was one of the best batters in baseball in the 1920s and 1930s . He compiled a .330 career batting average , won the American League batting championship in 1926 with a .378 batting average , finished one point short of a second batting championship in 1928 , finished among the top four batters in the American League six times ( 1926 , 1928-1929 , and 1932-1934 ) and totaled more than 200 hits four times ( 1928-1929 , 1932-1933 ) . In 1928 , he finished second in the voting for the American League Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award after leading the American League with 241 hits and 47 doubles , while also hitting 20 triples and compiling 367 total bases . He also finished third in the MVP voting in 1932 and 1933 and was the leading batter on the 1933 Washington Senators team that won the American League pennant and lost the 1933 World Series to the New York Giants . Manush was also a solid defensive outfielder , appearing in 2,008 major league games , 1,381 as a left fielder , 312 as a center fielder , and 153 as a right fielder . He led the American League with 356 putouts and a .992 fielding percentage in left field in 1928 , and five double plays turned by a left fielder in 1935 . His 2,855 putouts in left field rank 21st in major league history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paulie_Walnuts", "text": "Peter Paul Paulie Walnuts Gualtieri is a fictional character portrayed by Tony Sirico on the HBO series The Sopranos . One of the chief henchmen of series protagonist Tony Soprano , Paulie begins the series as a soldato , later becoming a caporegime and eventually underboss of the DiMeo crime family . Violent , impulsive , and paranoid , Paulie is also fiercely loyal to Tony , making him a valued member of the organization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Hilal_(Port_Sudan)", "text": "Hilal Alsahil Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي هلال الساحل الرياضي ) is a Sudanese football club founded in 1937 in Port Sudan . They played in the top division in Sudanese football , Sudan Premier League . Their home stadium is Stade Port Sudan . Their rival is Hay Al Arab , a team also in Port Sudan"}
{"title": "/wiki/Canberra_Girls'_Grammar_School", "text": "Canberra Girls Grammar School ( CGGS ) is an independent , Anglican , day and boarding school predominantly for girls , located in Deakin , a suburb of Canberra , the capital of Australia . Established in 1926 as St Gabriel 's School , by the Church of England religious order , the Community of the Sisters of the Church , Canberra Girls Grammar is the oldest private day and boarding school in Canberra . It has a non-selective enrolment policy and caters for approximately 1,600 students , with co-education from Early Learning ( preschool ) to Year 2 , and girls only from Years 3 to Year 12 . Boarding facilities are available on the Senior Campus for up to 80 students in Years 7 to 12 . CGGS is also licensed to offer the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme and Diploma Programme ( for Years 11 and 12 ) . Canberra Girls Grammar School is affiliated with the Alliance of Girls Schools Australasia ( AGSA ) , the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia ( AHISA ) , the Australian Boarding Schools ' Association ( ABSA ) , and is a member of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls ' Schools ( AHIGS ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aitkin_Carnegie_Library", "text": "The Aitkin Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library in Aitkin , Minnesota , United States . It was designed by architects Claude & Starck and was built in the Classical Revival style . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . It is a one-story buff-colored brick building upon an elevated basement and a concrete foundation . It has a central classical pedimented portico . In 1981 it was deemed significant both for its role in the intellectual and cultural development of Aitkin and as a well-preserved example of the Minnesota small-town library structures financed by Andrew Carnegie , noted turn-of-the-century steel magnate . Aitkin citizens organized a free public library in 1904 . The library collection was temporarily housed in the village council chamber until the present structure 's construction in 1911 with a $ 6,500 grant from the Carnegie Foundation . The library , unlike many Carnegie-funded libraries which have been demolished or altered as community library systems have expanded , retains its original design integrity while continuing to serve the community in its intended educational role . Architecturally , the library is a notable local example of public Neo-classical design . While it was still serving as a library in 1981 , the building later served as the Jaques Art Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Swarovski_Tirol", "text": "FC Swarovski Tirol was an Austrian association football club from 1986-1992 , based in Innsbruck , Tyrol , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida_Basketball_Association", "text": "The Florida Basketball Association ( FBA ) is a semi-professional men 's basketball league that began play in the fall of 2012 with teams in Orlando , Lake Wales , and Palm Beach Gardens . The commissioner of the FBA is former NBA player Greg Kite ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Harrisburg ( /ˈhærɪsbɜːrɡ/ HARR-iss-burg ; Pennsylvania German : Harrisbarrig ) [ citation needed ] is the capital city of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States , and the county seat of Dauphin County . With a population of 49,229 , it is the 15th largest city in the Commonwealth . It lies on the east bank of the Susquehanna River , 107 miles ( 172 km ) west of Philadelphia . Harrisburg is the anchor of the Susquehanna Valley metropolitan area , which had a 2018 estimated population of 574,659 , making it the fourth most populous in Pennsylvania and 96th most populous in the United States . Harrisburg played a notable role in American history during the Westward Migration , the American Civil War , and the Industrial Revolution . During part of the 19th century , the building of the Pennsylvania Canal and later the Pennsylvania Railroad allowed Harrisburg to become one of the most industrialized cities in the Northeastern United States . The U.S. Navy ship USS Harrisburg , which served from 1918 to 1919 at the end of World War I , was named in honor of the city . In the mid-to-late 20th century , the city 's economic fortunes fluctuated with its major industries consisting of government , heavy manufacturing , agriculture , and food services ( nearby Hershey is home of the chocolate maker , located just 10 miles ( 16 km ) east ) . The Pennsylvania Farm Show , the largest free indoor agriculture exposition in the United States , was first held in Harrisburg in 1917 and has been held there every early-to-mid January since then . Harrisburg also hosts an annual outdoor sports show , the largest of its kind in North America , an auto show , which features a large static display of new as well as classic cars and is renowned nationwide , and Motorama , a two-day event consisting of a car show , motocross racing , remote control car racing , and more . Harrisburg is also known for the Three Mile Island accident , which occurred on March 28 , 1979 , near Middletown . In 2010 Forbes rated Harrisburg as the second best place in the U.S. to raise a family ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bastia_–_Poretta_Airport", "text": "Bastia - Poretta Airport ( French : Aéroport de Bastia Poretta , IATA : BIA , ICAO : LFKB ) is an airport serving Bastia on the French mediterranean island of Corsica . It is located 17 km ( 11 mi ) south southeast of Bastia at Lucciana , both of which are communes of the Upper Corsica department ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venezuela", "text": "Venezuela ( /ˌvɛnəˈzwɛlə/ ( listen ) ; American Spanish : [ beneˈswela ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ( Spanish : República Bolivariana de Venezuela ) , is a country on the northern coast of South America , consisting of a continental landmass and many small islands and islets in the Caribbean Sea . It has a territorial extension of 916,445 km2 ( 353,841 sq mi ) . The continental territory is bordered on the north by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean , on the west by Colombia , Brazil on the south , Trinidad and Tobago to the north-east and on the east by Guyana . The Venezuelan government maintains a claim against Guyana to Guayana Esequiba , an area of 159,542 km2 ( 61,600 sq mi ) . For its maritime areas , Venezuela exercises sovereignty over 71,295 km2 ( 27,527 sq mi ) of territorial waters , 22,224 km2 ( 8,581 sq mi ) in its contiguous zone , 471,507 km2 ( 182,050 sq mi ) of the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean under the concept of exclusive economic zone , and 99,889 km2 ( 38,567 sq mi ) of continental shelf . This marine area borders those of 13 states . The capital and largest urban agglomeration is the city of Caracas . The country has extremely high biodiversity and is ranked seventh in the world 's list of nations with the most number of species . There are habitats ranging from the Andes Mountains in the west to the Amazon basin rain-forest in the south via extensive llanos plains , the Caribbean coast and the Orinoco River Delta in the east . The sovereign state is a federal presidential republic consisting of 23 states , the Capital District ( covering Caracas ) , and federal dependencies ( covering Venezuela 's offshore islands ) . Venezuela also claims all Guyanese territory west of the Essequibo River , a 159,500-square-kilometre ( 61,583 sq mi ) tract dubbed Guayana Esequiba or the Zona en Reclamación ( the zone under dispute ) . Venezuela is among the most urbanized countries in Latin America ; the vast majority of Venezuelans live in the cities of the north , especially in the capital ( Caracas ) which is also the largest city in Venezuela ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al_Ahly_SC", "text": "Al Ahly Sporting Club ( Arabic : النادي الأهلي للرياضة البدنية ) , commonly referred to as Al Ahly , is an Egyptian sports club based in Cairo . It is known as The Club of the Century in African football . It is best known for its professional football team that plays in the Egyptian Premier League , the top tier in the Egyptian football league system , and is the most decorated football club in Africa . It was founded on 24 April 1907 , as a gathering place for Cairo 's Student Unions . Al Ahly has a record of 41 national league titles , 36 national cups titles , and 11 national super cup titles making Al Ahly the most decorated club in Egypt . In addition , Al Ahly has never been relegated to the Egyptian Second Division . In international competitions , the club has won a record 8 CAF Champions League titles , a CAF Confederation Cup title , a record 6 CAF Super Cup titles , a record 4 African Cup Winners ' Cup titles , an Afro-Asian Club Championship title , an Arab Club Champions Cup title , an Arab Cup Winners ' Cup title , a record 2 Arab Super Cup titles , and won a bronze medal in the 2006 FIFA Club World Cup . Al Ahly is the second most successful club in the world in terms of number of international titles ( 20 ) behind Real Madrid ( 26 ) . Al Ahly was awarded with the club of the century award in 2001 in guhansberg in South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palestina,_Ecuador", "text": "Palestina is a town located in northern Guayas , Ecuador . It is the seat of Palestina Canton , created in 1988 . As of the census of 2001 , there are 14,067 people residing within canton limits . The most important river is the Daule River , used for transportation . St Bartholomew is the patron saint of Palestina . Coordinates : 1°37′35″S 79°58′37″W / 1.6263°S 79.9770°W / -1.6263 ; -79.9770"}
{"title": "/wiki/Marathi_language", "text": "Marathi ( English : /məˈrɑːti/ ; मराठी Marāṭhī ; Marathi : [ məˈɾaʈʰi ] ( listen ) ) is an Indo-Aryan language spoken predominantly by around 83.1 million Marathi people of Maharashtra , India . It is the official language and co-official language in the Maharashtra and Goa states of Western India , respectively , and is one of the 22 scheduled languages of India . With 83.1 million speakers in 2019 , Marathi ranks 10th in the list of most spoken languages in the world . Marathi has the third largest number of native speakers in India , after Hindi and Bengali . The language has some of the oldest literature of all modern Indian languages , dating back to around 600 AD . The major dialects of Marathi are Standard Marathi and the Varhadi dialect . Koli and Malvani Konkani have been heavily influenced by Marathi varieties . Marathi distinguishes inclusive and exclusive forms of 'we ' and possesses a three-way gender system that features the neuter in addition to the masculine and the feminine . In its phonology , it contrasts apico-alveolar with alveopalatal affricates and alveolar with retroflex laterals ( [ l ] and [ ɭ ] ( Marathi letters ल and ळ respectively ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Top_Music_Awards_2016", "text": "The 2016 Top Music Awards was held at the Pallati i Kongreseve in the capital city of Tirana , Albania , on 25 June 2016 and was broadcast live on Top Channel . Noizy was nominated for five awards followed by Era Istrefi , Elvana Gjata and Kida who were nominated for four awards . Era Istrefi and Alban Skënderaj won three awards , becoming the most awarded artist of the night ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-41-G", "text": "STS-41-G was the 13th flight of NASA 's Space Shuttle program and the sixth flight of Space Shuttle Challenger . Challenger launched on 5 October 1984 , and conducted the second shuttle landing at Kennedy Space Center on 13 October . It was the first shuttle mission to carry a crew of seven , including the first crew with two women ( Sally Ride and Kathryn Sullivan ) , the first American EVA involving a woman ( Sullivan ) , the first Australian-born person to journey into space and the first astronaut with a beard ( Paul Scully-Power ) and the first Canadian astronaut ( Marc Garneau ) . STS-41-G was the third shuttle mission to carry an IMAX camera on board to document the flight . Film footage from the mission ( including Sullivan and David Leestma 's EVA ) appeared in the 1985 IMAX movie The Dream is Alive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harbor_Defense_Museum", "text": "The Harbor Defense Museum , sometimes called The Caponier , located within the grounds of Fort Hamilton in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn is a 19th-century fort , New York City 's only military museum and one of only seventy military museums in the United States that is funded and operated by the Defense Department . Caponiers , the technical name of the structure that now houses the museum , are outworks ; in the case of Fort Hamilton its mission was to protect the main fortress from rear attacks . Originally a small fort within the larger fort , it now serves as the guardian of Fort Hamilton 's history . Robert E. Lee served at Fort Hamilton in the 1840s , when there was only one Army . Because it was used as a warehouse after it was no longer needed for military purposes , it was better preserved than other parts of the fort . While the museum and fort were in danger of closing in the mid 1990s due to budget cuts , it was preserved due to an agreement between the Fort and the United States Army Center of Military History and preservation efforts of the Fort Hamilton Historic Society . The museum continues to serve an educational role in explaining the history of the evolution of New York Harbor . Fort Hamilton is the second-oldest continuously garrisoned federal post in the nation , second only to West Point and its ties to the community are part of the charm of the museum and the fort . Although The Caponier was always prepared for battle , with a 24-pound cannon aimed at New York Harbor , the fort never experienced a battle . The museum houses an array of artifacts from New York 's military history including American Revolutionary War relics , uniforms from various wars , old maps of the fort , the post 's old switchboard , an exhibit on a secret tunnel that connected Fort Hamilton with another base a half-mile away , a Confederate mine and a piece of the net that protected New York Harbor from German U-boats in World War I . It is also the temporary home of a Bay Ridge time capsule that was unearthed prematurely due to construction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Madrid_County,_Missouri", "text": "New Madrid County ( /ˈmædrɪd/ MAD-rid ; Spanish : Condado de Nueva Madrid ; French : Comté de New Madrid ) is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 18,956 . The largest city and county seat is New Madrid , located on the northern side of the Kentucky Bend in the Mississippi River , where it has formed an oxbow around an exclave of Fulton County , Kentucky . This feature has also been known as New Madrid Bend or Madrid Bend , for the city . The county was officially organized on October 1 , 1812 , and is named after Nuevo Madrid , a district located in the region . This area was under Spanish rule following France 's cession of Louisiana after being defeated in the Seven Years ' War . The Spanish named the district after Madrid , the capital of Spain . The county includes a large part of the New Madrid Fault that produced the 1811-12 New Madrid earthquakes . This zone remains geologically active , and had continued to produce smaller earthquakes with some frequency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomás_Chacón", "text": "Thomás Chacón Yona ( born 17 August 2000 ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for MLS club Minnesota United"}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Eagles", "text": "The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football team based in Philadelphia . The Eagles compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) East division . In the 2017 season the team won Super Bowl LII , their first Super Bowl win in franchise history and their fourth NFL title overall , after winning the Championship Game in 1948 , 1949 , and 1960 . The franchise was established in 1933 as a replacement for the bankrupt Frankford Yellow Jackets , when a group led by Bert Bell secured the rights to an NFL franchise in Philadelphia . Bell , Chuck Bednarik , Bob Brown , Brian Dawkins , Reggie White , Steve Van Buren , Tommy McDonald , Greasy Neale , Pete Pihos , Harold Carmichael , Sonny Jurgensen , and Norm Van Brocklin have been inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame . The team has had an intense rivalry with the New York Giants . This rivalry is the oldest in the NFC East and is among the oldest in the NFL . It was ranked by NFL Network as the number one rivalry of all-time , Sports Illustrated ranks it as the fourth-best rivalry in the NFL , and according to ESPN , it is one of the fiercest and most well-known rivalries in the American football community . They also have a bitter rivalry with the Dallas Cowboys , which has become more high-profile since the 1960s , as well as a historic rivalry with the Washington Redskins . Their rivalry with the Pittsburgh Steelers is another bitter rivalry known as the battle of Pennsylvania , roughly dating back to 1933 . It mostly arises from the two teams ' statuses as being from opposite ends of the same state . The team consistently ranks among the best in the league in attendance and has sold out every game since the 1999 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ataq", "text": "Ataq ( Arabic : عتق ) , alternately spelled Attaq , is a small city and the capital of Shabwah Governorate in Yemen . Ataq is 458 km south east of Sana ' a . The difference in elevation of the city is about 70 m with generally partially flat topography with altitudinal variation in the range of 1120-1190 m.a.s.l . Its population was around 37,315 according to a 2004 census . On May 24 , 1994 , Ataq was seized by northern Yemeni forces . According to the Geo Names Database , Ataq is located at an altitude of 1146 metres . It is served by Ataq Airport ; the landing strip is located to the north of the town . Armed forces loyal to exiled president Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi captured Ataq from the Southern Transitional Council in August 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stormers", "text": "The Stormers ( known for sponsorship reasons as the DHL Stormers ) is a South African professional rugby union team based in Cape Town in the Western Cape , competing in the Super Rugby competition . They have never won a tournament , but their home stadium , Newlands , typically draws the highest average attendance figures of any ground in Super Rugby . [ citation needed ] They are centred on the Western Province Currie Cup side , but also draw players from the Boland Cavaliers ( covering the Cape Winelands and West Coast districts , with home matches in Wellington ) . Through 2005 , they also drew players from the SWD Eagles ( George ) , which meant that they drew players from all three unions in the Western Cape Province . However , the general realignment of franchise areas resulting from the expansion of the competition resulted in the Eagles being moved to the area of the Southern Spears ( later succeeded by the Southern Kings ) . Prior to 1998 , South Africa did not use a franchise system for the Super 12 , instead sending the top four unions from its domestic competition , the Currie Cup , into the Super 12 . In 1996 , the Stormers qualified and competed in the Super 12 as Western Province . In 1997 , they did not qualify , the 4th South African team being the Orange Free State ( now the Free State Cheetahs at Currie Cup level ; the region would later be represented in Super 12 by the Cats ( now known as the Lions ) and in Super 14 by the Cheetahs ) . The Stormers played their first ever final , against the Bulls in front of 36,000 fans in Johannesburg , in 2010 after beating the Waratahs in the semi-final stage but ultimately lost to the Bulls . In the two previous years in which they reached the semi-finals , 1999 and 2004 , they were eliminated by the Highlanders and Crusaders . They made consecutive home semifinals in 2011 and 2012 , but lost both at Newlands to the Crusaders and the Sharks respectively . In 2015 they won the South African conference for a third time , before losing their home quarterfinal against the Brumbies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Batoche,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Batoche , Saskatchewan was the site of the historic Battle of Batoche during the Northwest Rebellion of 1885 . The battle resulted in the defeat of Louis Riel and his Métis forces by Major General Frederick Middleton and his Northwest Field Force . At the time it was a small village of some 500 residents . It has since become depopulated and now has few residents . The 1885 church building and a few other historic buildings have been preserved and the site is a National Historic Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sesto_San_Giovanni", "text": "Sesto San Giovanni ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈsɛsto san dʒoˈvanni ] ; Western Lombard : Sest San Giovann [ ˈsɛst ˌsãː dʒuˈʋan ] ) , locally referred to as just Sesto ( Lombard : Sest ) , is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Milan , Lombardy , northern Italy . Its railway station is the northernmost stop on the Milan Metro M1 line . The comune has the honorary title of city , despite being a de facto suburb of Milan . An unimportant agglomerate of buildings until the 19th century , Sesto San Giovanni grew during the end of the 19th century and in the early 20th century , becoming the site of several industries , including companies such as Falck , Campari , Magneti Marelli and Breda . In that period the population increased rapidly , from 5,000 inhabitants in 1880 to 14,000 in 1911 . After World War II , Sesto became populated by many migrants from other parts of Italy , leading to an increased population of 95,000 inhabitants in 1981 . Sesto used to be referred to as the Stalingrad of Italy , due to the strong historical presence of the Italian Communist Party and to its resistance to fascism in World War Two . Because of its diverse and growing industries , Sesto has drawn many migrants . Census statistics from 2016 state that 17% of the population is not Italian . In the 1990s , Sesto San Giovanni suffered an economic crisis , and most of the larger companies in the town closed their premises . The town partially succeeded in converting its economy from steel production to service industries . Several large companies opened offices in Sesto , such as ABB Group , WIND Telecommunications , Impregilo and Oracle Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelvin_Mellor", "text": "Kelvin Mellor ( born 25 January 1991 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for League Two club Bradford City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Red_Bull_Salzburg", "text": "FC Red Bull Salzburg is an Austrian football club based in Wals-Siezenheim . Their home ground is the Red Bull Arena . Due to sponsorship restrictions , the club is known as FC Salzburg and wears a modified crest when playing in UEFA competitions . The club was known as SV Austria Salzburg , and had several sponsored names , before being bought by Red Bull GmbH in 2005 who renamed the club and changed its colours from its traditional violet and white to red and white . The change resulted in some of the team 's fans forming a new club , SV Austria Salzburg . Founded in 1933 , and refounded in 2005 as Red Bull Salzburg , the club won its first Bundesliga title in 1994 , which was the first of three in the span of four seasons which also saw them reach the 1994 UEFA Cup final . The club has won thirteen league titles and six Austrian Cups , all six of which came as doubles and also three Austrian Supercups ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vladimir_Orlando_Cardoso_de_Araújo_Filho", "text": "Vladimir Orlando Cardoso de Araújo Filho ( born 16 July 1989 ) , simply known as Vladimir , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as a goalkeeper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Haversham", "text": "Haversham is a village in the Borough of Milton Keynes , England . It is situated to the north of Milton Keynes near Wolverton and about 5 miles ( 8 km ) north of Central Milton Keynes . With Little Linford , it forms the civil parish of Haversham-cum-Little Linford . It is separated from the Milton Keynes urban area by the River Great Ouse . The village name is an Old English word that means 'Haefer 's homestead ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 , when it belonged to the Peverell family , it was listed as Havresham . The ancient manor house in the village , which was fortified in 1304 , was largely burnt down , but parts of it still remain in a farm house just outside the main village . Haversham was once a village of farm-workers ' dwellings . As of 2012 [ update ] , only Hill Farm , Grange Farm and Crossroads Farm remain as active working farms . The village has two distinct settlements separated by farmland . The older part of the village contains the manor house . It lies at elevations between 60 metres and 65 metres above mean sea level , just above the flood plain of the Ouse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barnaby_Jones", "text": "Barnaby Jones is a television detective series starring Buddy Ebsen and Lee Meriwether as a father and daughter-in-law who run a private detective firm in Los Angeles , California . The show was introduced as a midseason replacement on the CBS network and broadcast from 1973 to 1980 . Halfway through the series run , Mark Shera was added to the cast as the cousin of Ebsen 's character , who joins the firm . William Conrad guest-starred as Frank Cannon of Cannon on the first Barnaby Jones episode , Requiem for a Son , and the 1975 two-part crossover episodes , The Deadly Conspiracy . The series was produced by QM Productions ( with Woodruff Productions in the final two seasons ) . It had the second-longest QM series run ( seven and a half seasons ) , following the nine years of The FBI . The series bore the Quinn Martin trademark where commercial breaks divided each episode into four acts , concluding with an epilogue . The opening credits were narrated by Hank Simms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benjamin_Fitzpatrick", "text": "Benjamin Fitzpatrick ( June 30 , 1802 - November 21 , 1869 ) was the 11th Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama and a United States Senator from that state . He was a Democrat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nanjing", "text": "Nanjing ( listen ) , alternatively romanized as Nanking and Nankin , also known as Langjin in Nanjing dialect , is the capital of Jiangsu of the People 's Republic of China and the second largest city in the East China region , [ c ] with 11 districts , an administrative area of 6,600 km2 ( 2,500 sq mi ) and a total population of 8,436,200 as of 2018 [ update ] . The inner area of Nanjing enclosed by the city wall is Nanjing City ( 南京城 ) . Situated in the Yangtze River Delta region , Nanjing has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture , having served as the capital of various Chinese dynasties , kingdoms and republican governments dating from the 3rd century to 1949 , and has thus long been a major center of culture , education , research , politics , economy , transport networks and tourism , being the home to one of the world 's largest inland ports . The city is also one of the fifteen sub-provincial cities in the People 's Republic of China 's administrative structure , enjoying jurisdictional and economic autonomy only slightly less than that of a province . Nanjing has been ranked seventh in the evaluation of Cities with Strongest Comprehensive Strength issued by the National Statistics Bureau , and second in the evaluation of cities with most sustainable development potential in the Yangtze River Delta . It has also been awarded the title of 2008 Habitat Scroll of Honor of China , Special UN Habitat Scroll of Honor Award and National Civilized City . Nanjing has many high-quality universities and research institutes , with the number of universities listed in 100 National Key Universities ranking third , including Nanjing University which has a long history and is among the world top 10 universities ranked by Nature Index . The ratio of college students to total population ranks No.1 among large cities nationwide . Nanjing is one of the top three Chinese scientific research centers , according to the Nature Index , especially strong in the chemical sciences . Nanjing , one of the nation 's most important cities for over a thousand years , is recognized as one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China . It has been one of the world 's largest cities , enjoying peace and prosperity despite wars and disasters . Nanjing served as the capital of Eastern Wu ( 229-280 ) , one of the three major states in the Three Kingdoms period ; the Eastern Jin and each of the Southern dynasties ( Liu Song , Southern Qi , Liang and Chen ) , which successively ruled southern China from 317-589 ; the Southern Tang ( 937-75 ) , one of the Ten Kingdoms ; the Ming dynasty when , for the first time , all of China was ruled from the city ( 1368-1421 ) ; and the Republic of China under the right wing Kuomintang ( 1927-37 , 1946-49 ) prior to its flight to Taiwan by Chiang Kai-Shek during the Chinese Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerrin_Lee-Gartner", "text": "Kerrin Anne Lee-Gartner ( born September 21 , 1966 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medallist from Canada . Born in Trail , British Columbia , she grew up in Rossland and raced as a youngster at Red Mountain . Lee-Gartner started skiing for the Canadian Women 's Ski Team in 1982 , but suffered a number of knee operations over the years including two complete reconstructions . She attained her first World Cup podium early in December 1990 , then had five more top-six finishes early in the 1992 season entering the Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . On the Roc de Fer course at Méribel , Lee-Gartner won the gold medal in the Olympic downhill . Only 0.06 seconds behind was silver medallist Hilary Lindh of the U.S. , for a North American 1-2 finish . Through 2018 , it remains the only victory in an Olympic downhill by a Canadian . She finished sixth in the Olympic super-G and had two more podiums after the Olympics , both in North America , to finish up the 1992 season . Lee-Gartner 's next season in 1993 was her best on the World Cup circuit , with two podiums and twelve top tens . She finished third in the downhill standings and ninth overall . At the World Championships in Japan , she was fourth in the super-G and ninth in the downhill . Leading up to the 1994 Winter Olympics , Lee-Gartner was admittedly affected by the death of her friend Ulrike Maier after a crash in a downhill race in late January ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Livingston_Seagull", "text": "Jonathan Livingston Seagull , written by Richard Bach and illustrated by Russell Munson , is a fable in novella form about a seagull who is trying to learn about life and flight , and a homily about self-perfection . Bach wrote it as a series of short stories that were published in Flying magazine in the late 1960s . It was first published in book form in 1970 , and by the end of 1972 over a million copies were in print . Reader 's Digest published a condensed version , and the book reached the top of the New York Times Best Seller list , where it remained for 37 weeks . In 1972 and 1973 , the book topped the Publishers Weekly list of bestselling novels in the United States . In 2014 the book was reissued as Jonathan Livingston Seagull : The Complete Edition , which added a 17-page fourth part to the story ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 15 , 2015 , and ended on June 15 , 2015 , with the Chicago Blackhawks defeating the Tampa Bay Lightning four games to two in the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals . The New York Rangers made the playoffs as the Presidents ' Trophy winners with the most points ( i.e . best record ) during the regular season . They also came back from a 3-1 series deficit for the second consecutive year . The Detroit Red Wings increased their consecutive post-season appearance streak to 24 seasons , the longest current streak at the time and tied for the fourth-longest streak in NHL history . The Winnipeg Jets qualified for the playoffs for the first time since the former Atlanta Thrashers franchise relocated to Winnipeg in 2011 ; the only time that the Thrashers/Jets franchise made the post-season was in 2007 , and the last time that the city of Winnipeg hosted a playoff game was in 1996 , the season before the previous Winnipeg Jets team relocated to Phoenix , Arizona , to become the Coyotes . The Ottawa Senators became the first team in the NHL 's modern era ( since 1943-44 ) to overcome a 14-point deficit in the standings to clinch a playoff spot . Also , the Calgary Flames returned to the playoffs after a six-year absence . In total , five Canadian NHL teams qualified for the post-season , the most since 2004 . The Los Angeles Kings became the first defending Stanley Cup champions since the Carolina Hurricanes in 2007 to fail to make the playoffs . The Boston Bruins failed to make the playoffs for the first time since 2007 and became the first reigning Presidents ' Trophy winners to miss the post-season since the Buffalo Sabres in 2008 ( and the third overall ) . In addition , the San Jose Sharks failed to make the post-season for the first time since 2003 , ending the NHL 's second-longest active playoff streak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Nebraska–Lincoln", "text": "The University of Nebraska-Lincoln ( Nebraska , UNL , or NU ) is a public research university in Lincoln , Nebraska . It is the state 's oldest university and the largest in the University of Nebraska system . The state legislature chartered the university in 1869 as a land-grant university under the 1862 Morrill Act , two years after Nebraska became a state . Around the turn of the 20th century , the university began to expand significantly , hiring professors from eastern schools to teach its new professional programs and conducting groundbreaking research in agricultural sciences . The Nebraska method of ecological study developed during this time pioneered grassland ecology and laid the foundation for research in theoretical ecology for the rest of the century . The university is organized into eight colleges on two campuses in Lincoln with over 100 classroom buildings and research facilities . Nebraska 's athletic programs , known as the Cornhuskers , compete in NCAA Division I and are a member of the Big Ten Conference . NU 's football team has won 46 conference championships and claims five national championships , with an additional nine unclaimed . The school 's volleyball team has won five titles and appeared in the national semifinal nine other times . NU plays its home football games at Memorial Stadium and has sold out every game since 1962 . The stadium 's capacity of 91,585 people is famously larger than the population of Nebraska 's third-largest city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Oklahoma_Sooners_football_team", "text": "The 2014 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season , the 120th season of Sooner football . The team was led by two-time Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award winner , Bob Stoops , in his 16th season as head coach . They played their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman , Oklahoma . They were a member of the Big 12 Conference . Conference play began on September 20 with a win against the West Virginia Mountaineers in Morgantown , West Virginia and ended with an upset loss in the annual Bedlam Series on December 6 against the Oklahoma State Cowboys in Norman for the first time since 2001 . After finishing the regular season with a record of 8-4 ( 5-4 in Big 12 play ) , finishing in a three-way tie for fourth place in the conference , the Sooners were invited to play in the Russell Athletic Bowl against the Clemson Tigers , where they were defeated by a score of 40-6 . Following the season , Jordan Phillips was selected in the second round of the 2015 NFL Draft , along with Geneo Grissom in the third , Daryl Williams and Blake Bell in the fourth , and Tyrus Thompson and Aaron Ripkowski in the sixth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Fabulous_Thunderbirds", "text": "The Fabulous Thunderbirds are an American blues rock band formed in Texas in 1974 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_McCartney", "text": "Sir James Paul McCartney CH MBE ( born 18 June 1942 ) is an English singer , songwriter , musician , composer , and record and film producer who gained worldwide fame as co-lead vocalist and bassist for the Beatles . His songwriting partnership with John Lennon remains the most successful in history . After the group disbanded in 1970 , he pursued a solo career and formed the band Wings with his first wife , Linda , and Denny Laine . A self-taught musician , McCartney is proficient on bass , guitar , keyboards , and drums . He is known for his melodic approach to bass-playing ( mainly playing with a plectrum ) , his versatile and wide tenor vocal range ( spanning over four octaves ) , and his eclecticism ( exploring styles ranging from pre-rock and roll pop to classical and electronica ) . McCartney began his career as a member of the Quarrymen in 1957 , which evolved into the Beatles in 1960 . Starting with the 1967 album Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , he gradually became the Beatles ' de facto leader , providing the creative impetus for most of their music and film projects . His Beatles songs And I Love Her ( 1964 ) , Yesterday ( 1965 ) , Eleanor Rigby ( 1966 ) and Blackbird ( 1968 ) rank among the most covered songs in history . In 1970 , McCartney debuted as a solo artist with the album McCartney . Throughout the 1970s , he led Wings , one of the most successful bands of the decade , with more than a dozen international top 10 singles and albums . McCartney resumed his solo career in 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1943_The_Hartlepools_by-election", "text": "The Hartlepools by-election of 1943 was held on 1 June 1943 . The by-election was held due to the death of the incumbent Conservative MP , William George Howard Gritten . It was won by the Conservative candidate Thomas George Greenwell , who was not opposed by a Liberal or a Labour candidate due to the war time electoral truce where the main parties pledged not to oppose each other 's candidates until the end of the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mazu_(goddess)", "text": "Mazu is a Chinese sea goddess also known by several other names and titles . She is the deified form of the purported historical Lin Mo or Lin Moniang , a Fujianese shamaness whose life span is traditionally dated from 960 to 987 . Revered after her death as a tutelary deity of seafarers , including fishermen and sailors , her worship spread throughout China 's coastal regions and overseas Chinese communities throughout Southeast Asia . She was thought to roam the seas , protecting her believers through miraculous interventions . She is now generally regarded by her believers as a powerful and benevolent Queen of Heaven . Mazuism is popular in Taiwan as the majority of Taiwanese are of Fujianese descent ; her temple festival is a major event in the country , with the largest celebrations around her temples at Dajia and Beigang ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Caldicott", "text": "Rev . John William Caldicott ( 9 February 1829 - 6 November 1895 ) was an Anglican priest and headmaster ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Democratic_National_Union_Movement", "text": "The Democratic National Union Movement ( DNUM ) is a Cambodian political party founded after senior Khmer Rouge official Ieng Sary 's defection from the Cambodian National Unity Party in August 1996 . A magazine entitled Phka Rik ( Flower in Bloom ) is associated with it . [ need quotation to verify ] It was created primarily to facilitate Ieng Sary 's reentry into civilian political life , claiming neutrality and that he had broken away from the Khmer Rouge and from the fascism and cruelty of Pol Pot 's regime , naming Nuon Chea , Ta Mok , Son Sen and Yun Yat as Pol Pot 's cohorts and mass murderers of Cambodia . He stated that he was a supporter of limited democracy , and named Thailand , Singapore and Japan as examples . Despite building up ties with the Cambodian People 's Party ( CPP ) , founded by Hun Sen , the DNUM declined to participate in the 1998 elections . [ need quotation to verify ] The Movement 's support for the CPP-dominated government at the time allowed it considerable autonomy over Pailin , an ex-Khmer Rouge stronghold notable for gem and timber exports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Infected_(song)", "text": "Infected is a song written by Brett Gurewitz from the punk rock group Bad Religion . It was released in 1994 and appears on their eighth proper studio album Stranger Than Fiction . Along with 21st Century ( Digital Boy ) , Infected is considered to be their breakthrough song , as it received airplay from modern rock radio stations . During the 1990s , frontman Greg Graffin used to sing do n't be mad about it , Bobby , referring to then-drummer Bobby Schayer , instead of do n't be mad about it , baby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Heidfeld", "text": "Nick Lars Heidfeld ( born 10 May 1977 ) is a German professional racing driver . Despite scoring regular podium finishes in 2005 with Williams , and in 2007 and 2008 with BMW Sauber , Heidfeld never won a race after debuting in Formula One in 2000 . Heidfeld currently holds three Formula One records ; most podium finishes without a Grand Prix win ( 13 ) , most second-place finishes without a win ( 8 ) , and the most consecutive race classifications ( 41 ) . In 2011 , Heidfeld raced in Formula One for the Renault team as a replacement for the injured Robert Kubica , his former BMW Sauber teammate , before being replaced by Bruno Senna . He currently drives for the Rebellion Racing team in the FIA World Endurance Championship and for Mahindra Racing Formula E Team in Formula E ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jon_Favreau", "text": "Jonathan Jon Favreau ( /ˈfævroʊ/ ; born October 19 , 1966 ) is an American actor , director , producer , and screenwriter . Favreau has starred in the films Rudy ( 1993 ) , Swingers ( 1996 , which he also wrote ) , Very Bad Things ( 1998 ) , The Replacements ( 2000 ) , Daredevil ( 2003 ) , The Break-Up ( 2006 ) , Couples Retreat ( 2009 ) , and Chef ( 2014 ) , which he also wrote and directed . He portrayed Pete Becker on the television sitcom Friends . He is further known for directing the films Elf ( 2003 ) , Zathura : A Space Adventure ( 2005 ) , Cowboys & Aliens ( 2011 ) , The Jungle Book ( 2016 ) , and The Lion King ( 2019 ) . Favreau has been a presence in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , directing , executive producing , and starring as Happy Hogan in the films Iron Man ( 2008 ) and Iron Man 2 ( 2010 ) , as well as serving as an executive producer and/or appearing as Happy Hogan in The Avengers ( 2012 ) , Iron Man 3 ( 2013 ) , Avengers : Age of Ultron ( 2015 ) , Spider-Man : Homecoming ( 2017 ) , Avengers : Infinity War ( 2018 ) , Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) , and Spider-Man : Far From Home ( 2019 ) . For the animated series Clone Wars , he played the voice of Death Watchs leader , Pre Vizsla . He is , more significantly , the creator and one of the executive producers of the Star Wars television series The Mandalorian for Disney+ , which premiered on November 12 , 2019 . He produces films under his production company banner , Fairview Entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/B.B.A.", "text": "The Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA or B.B.A . ) is a bachelor 's degree in business administration . In the United States , the degree is conferred after four years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations . In Europe , the degree is conferred after three years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations . The BBA program usually includes general business courses and advanced courses for specific concentrations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_tandem", "text": "The men 's 2000 metre tandem was one of seven track cycling events on the Cycling at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . The time limit for the race was 4 minutes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governor's_Cup_(Kentucky)", "text": "The Governor 's Cup is a trophy awarded to the victor of the annual college football game between the University of Kentucky and the University of Louisville in the state of Kentucky ; it is also used as a reference to the rivalry itself . Though the teams first played in 1912 , they only played six times until the rivalry was suspended after the 1924 season and wasnt renewed for another 70 years . The rivalry resumed in 1994 with a new Governor 's Cup trophy which has been awarded every year since . Kentucky leads the series 17-15 , although Louisville leads the modern series 15 to 11 . From 1994 to 2006 , the game was played on the opening weekend of the college football season . In 2007 , the game was moved to the third game of the season when played in Lexington but remained the first game when played in Louisville . Starting in 2014 , which marked Louisville 's inaugural season in the Atlantic Coast Conference , the Governor 's Cup became the last game of the regular season for both teams on Thanksgiving weekend , which coincided with several other ACC-SEC same-state rivalries . The rivalry will continue into the next decade as both schools agreed to meet through the 2022 college football season with the home team rotating each season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surxondaryo_Region", "text": "Surxondaryo Region ( Uzbek : Surxondaryo viloyati , Сурхондарё вилояти , Persian : سرخان‌دریا , UniPers : sorxāndaryā ) , old spelling Surkhandarya Region is a viloyat ( region ) of Uzbekistan , located in the extreme south-east of the country . Established on March 6 , 1941 , it borders on Qashqadaryo Region internally , and Turkmenistan , Afghanistan and Tajikistan externally , going anticlockwise from the north . It covers an area of 20,100 km² . The population is estimated at 1,925,100 ( end of 2005 data ) , with 80% living in rural areas . According to official data , 83% of the population are Uzbeks and 1% Tajiks , but non-official statistics show Surxondaryo is a Persian-speaking area , because most Tajiks of Uzbekistan are concentrated in the Surxondaryo , Samarkand and Bukhara regions . The highest point of the Region and also of Uzbekistan is Khazrati Sulton peak reaching 4,643 m/15,233 ft in Gissar Range . The regional capital is Termez with population of 122,900 and the second largest city is Denov ( Denau ) with 69,500 inhabitants ( data for 2005 ) . Other towns include Boysun , Jarkurghon , Kumkurghon , Shargun , Shirabad , Shurchi , and Sariosiyo . The climate is continental , with mild wet winters and hot dry summers . The southern part of the region is in the Badkhiz-Karabil semi-desert ecoregion ( PA0808 ) , characterized by a savanna of pistachio and desert sedge . The northern portion is characterized by open woodlands ( Gissaro-Alai open woodlands ecoregion , PA1306 ) , with characteristic plants being pistachio , almond , walnut , apple , and juniper . Sagebrush is common at lower elevations Natural resources include petroleum , natural gas , and coal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Screen_Actors_Guild_Award_for_Outstanding_Performance_by_an_Ensemble_in_a_Drama_Series", "text": "The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest ensemble acting achievements in drama series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montgomery_Primitive_Baptist_Church", "text": "Montgomery Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church building located near Merrimac , Montgomery County , Virginia . It was built in 1922 , and is a simple four-bay nave-plan frame church sheathed in weatherboard . It has a gable roof with stamped metal shingles . Also on the property is a contributing plain wooden preaching stand , also built about 1922 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canoeing_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_slalom_C-1", "text": "The men 's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 11 and 12 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing . The C-1 ( solo canoe ) event was raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course . There were three rounds of competitions : the heats , the semifinal , and the final . In the heats , each canoeist completed two runs of the course . The time , in seconds , of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed . Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched , while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty . The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats . The top 12 boats advanced to the semifinals . The semifinals consisted of a single run . The field was narrowed to the top 8 scores from that run ; those 8 boats advanced to the final . The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denmark", "text": "Denmark ( Danish : Danmark , pronounced [ ˈtænmak ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Denmark , [ N 10 ] [ N 2 ] is a Nordic country in Northwest Europe . Denmark proper , which is the southernmost of the Scandinavian countries , consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , [ N 2 ] with the largest being Zealand , Funen and the North Jutlandic Island . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate . The southernmost of the Scandinavian nations , Denmark lies southwest of Sweden and south of Norway , [ N 11 ] and is bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark also includes two autonomous territories in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of 42,924 km2 ( 16,573 sq mi ) , land area of 42,394 km2 ( 16,368 sq mi ) , and the total area including Greenland and the Faroe Islands is 2,210,579 km2 ( 853,509 sq mi ) , and a population of 5.8 million in Denmark proper ( Danish egentlige Danmark ) ( as of 2020 [ update ] ) . The unified kingdom of Denmark emerged in the 8th century as a proficient seafaring nation in the struggle for control of the Baltic Sea . Denmark , Sweden , and Norway were ruled together under one sovereign ruler in the Kalmar Union , established in 1397 and ending with Swedish secession in 1523 . The areas of Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until 1814 , Denmark-Norway . Beginning in the 17th century , there were several devastating wars with the Swedish Empire , ending with large cessions of territory to Sweden . After the Napoleonic Wars , Norway was ceded to Sweden , while Denmark kept the Faroe Islands , Greenland , and Iceland . In the 19th century there was a surge of nationalist movements , which were defeated in the First Schleswig War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Judd", "text": "Harry Mark Christopher Judd ( born 23 December 1985 ) is an English musician , dancer and author . He is the drummer for the band Mcfly . Harry won the 2011 series of Strictly Come Dancing . Harry published his first book in 2017 , Get Fit Get Happy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donald_Smith,_1st_Baron_Strathcona_and_Mount_Royal", "text": "Donald Alexander Smith , 1st Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal , GCMG , GCVO , PC , DL , FRS ( 6 August 1820 - 21 January 1914 ) , was a Scottish-born Canadian businessman who became one of the British Empire 's foremost builders and philanthropists . He became commissioner , governor and principal shareholder of the Hudson 's Bay Company . He was president of the Bank of Montreal and with his first cousin , Lord Mount Stephen , co-founded the Canadian Pacific Railway . He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba and afterwards represented Montreal in the House of Commons of Canada . He was Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom from 1896 to 1914 . He was chairman of Burmah Oil and the Anglo-Persian Oil Company . He was chancellor of McGill University ( 1889-1914 ) and the University of Aberdeen . King Edward VII called him Uncle Donald . [ citation needed ] His estate was valued at $ 5.5 million . During his lifetime , and including the bequests left after his death , he gave away just over $ 7.5 million plus a further £1 million ( not including private gifts and allowances ) to a huge variety of charitable causes across Canada , the United Kingdom and the United States . He personally raised Lord Strathcona 's Horse , who saw their first action in the Boer War . He funded the building of Leanchoil Hospital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting", "text": "Shooting is the act or process of discharging a projectile from a ranged weapon ( such as a gun , slingshot , crossbow , or bow ) . Even the acts of launching/discharging artillery , darts , grenades , rockets and guided missiles can be considered acts of shooting . When using a firearm , the act of shooting is often called firing as it involves initiating a combustion process ( deflagration ) . Shooting can take place in a shooting range or in the field , in shooting sports , hunting or in combat . The person involved in the shooting activity is called a shooter . A skilled , accurate shooter is a marksman or sharpshooter , and a person 's level of shooting proficiency is referred to as their marksmanship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nezha_Bidouane", "text": "Nezha Bidouane ( Arabic : نزهة بدوان ; born 18 September 1969 in Rabat ) is a retired Moroccan track and field hurdler who specialised in the 400 metres hurdles . A two-time World champion , she won the 400 m hurdles gold medal at the 1997 World Championships in Athens and the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton . In 1999 , she won the silver medal at the World Championships in an African record time of 52.90 seconds . In 2000 , she won the bronze medal at the Olympic Games . Bidouane is married to Abdelaziz Sahere , and oversees the annual Women 's Race to Victory 8K road race in Rabat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held in Canada at Whistler Creekside in Whistler , British Columbia , north of Vancouver . The ten events were scheduled for February 13-27 ; weather delayed the first event , the men 's downhill , two days until Monday , February 15 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Purpose_Driven_Life", "text": "The Purpose Driven Life is a bible study book written by Christian pastor Rick Warren and published by Zondervan in 2002 . The book offers readers a 40-day personal spiritual journey and presents what Warren says are God 's five purposes for human life on Earth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Givova", "text": "Givova is a sports teamwear and footwear trademark founded in 2008 in Scafati , Italy by Giovanni Acanfora . In 2018 the quality of Givova sportswear jerseys made world wide attention in a story on involving the intersection of global sportswear brands , World cup teams , and international sanctions against Iran . On 14 June 2018 , the New York Times reported that sanctions against Iran blocked the 2018 Iranian World Cup football team from using quality sportswear brands and limited the Iranian team to use other sportswear that were exempt from sanctions , such as Givova . In Belgium , the relatively new brand gained national attention when they announced their sponsorship of the Brussels-based football club FC ITT Gecko , renowned for their attractive brand of attacking football . FC ITT Gecko president Mr. Joeri Wei held a three-hour long press conference to celebrate the partnership with Givova , a sports moment that dominated the Belgian sports media for weeks . In 2017 , after FC ITT Gecko had secured promotion to the highest division , the club announced that they were looking forward to a long-lasting and successful collaboration with Givova at the very highest level of Belgian football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Warwick", "text": "The University of Warwick ( /ˈwɒrɪk/ ) ( abbreviated as Warw . in post-nominal letters ) is a public research university on the outskirts of Coventry between the West Midlands and Warwickshire , England . It was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand higher education . Within the University , Warwick Business School was established in 1967 , Warwick Law School was established in 1968 , Warwick Manufacturing Group ( now WMG ) was established in 1980 and Warwick Medical School was opened in 2000 . Warwick incorporated Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004 . Warwick is primarily based on a 290 ha ( 720 acres ) campus on the outskirts of Coventry , with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne and a central London base at the Shard . It is organised into three faculties - Arts , Science Engineering and Medicine , and Social Sciences - within which there are 32 departments . As of 2019 , Warwick has around 26,531 full-time students and 2,492 academic and research staff . It had a consolidated income of £631.5 million in 2017/18 , of which £126.5 million was from research grants and contracts . Warwick Arts Centre , a multi-venue arts complex in the university 's main campus , is the largest venue of its kind in the UK outside London . Warwick consistently ranks in the top ten of all major domestic rankings of British universities . Warwick is ranked 7th in the UK for its research , according to the Research Excellence Framework ( REF ) 2014 by GPA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Bradley", "text": "William Warren Bradley ( born July 28 , 1943 ) is an American politician and former professional basketball player . He served three terms as a Democratic U.S . Senator from New Jersey . He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic Party 's nomination for president in the 2000 election . Bradley was born and raised in Crystal City , Missouri , a small town 45 miles ( 72 km ) south of St. Louis . He excelled at basketball from an early age . He did well academically and was an all-county and all-state basketball player in high school . He was offered 75 college scholarships , but declined them all to attend Princeton University . He won a gold medal as a member of the 1964 Olympic basketball team and was the NCAA Player of the Year in 1965 , when Princeton finished third in the NCAA Tournament . After graduating in 1965 , he attended Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship , delaying a decision for two years on whether or not to play in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . While at Oxford , Bradley played one season of professional basketball in Europe and eventually decided to join the New York Knicks in the 1967-68 season , after serving six months in the Air Force Reserve . He spent his entire ten-year professional basketball career playing for the Knicks , winning NBA titles in 1970 and 1973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1996 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad , commonly known as Atlanta 1996 , and also referred to as the Centennial Olympic Games , were an international multi-sport event that was held from July 19 to August 4 , 1996 , in Atlanta , Georgia , U.S . These Games , which were the fourth Summer Olympics to be hosted by the United States , marked the centennial of the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens - the inaugural edition of the modern Olympic Games . They were also the first since 1924 to be held in a different year from a Winter Olympics , under a new IOC practice implemented in 1994 to hold the Summer and Winter Games in alternating , even-numbered years . More than 10,000 athletes from 197 National Olympic Committees competed in 26 sports , including the Olympic debuts of beach volleyball , mountain biking , and softball , as well as the new disciplines of lightweight rowing and women 's football ( soccer ) . 24 countries made their Summer Olympic debut in Atlanta , including eleven former Soviet republics participating for the first time as independent nations . The hosting United States led the medal count with a total of 101 medals , and the most gold ( 44 ) and silver ( 32 ) medals out of all countries . The U.S. topped the medal count for the first time since 1984 , and for the first time since 1968 in a non-boycotted Summer Olympics . Notable performances during competition included those of Andre Agassi - who became the first men 's singles tennis player to combine a career Grand Slam with an Olympic gold medal , Donovan Bailey - who set a new world record of 9.84 for the men 's 100 meters , and Lilia Podkopayeva - who became the second gymnast to win an individual event gold after winning the all-round title in the same Olympics . The festivities were marred by violence on July 27 , when Eric Rudolph detonated pipe bombs at Centennial Olympic Park - a downtown park that was built to serve as a public focal point for the Games ' festivities , killing 1 and injuring 111 . In 2003 , Rudolph confessed to the bombing and a series of related attacks on abortion centers and a gay bar , and was sentenced to life in prison . He claimed that the bombing was meant to protest the U.S. government 's sanctioning of abortion on demand . The Games turned a profit , helped by record revenue from sponsorship deals and broadcast rights , and reliance on private funding ( as opposed to the extensive public funding used on later Olympics ) , among other factors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crawley_railway_station", "text": "Crawley railway station is a railway station serving the town of Crawley in West Sussex , England . It is 30 miles 49 chains ( 49.3 km ) down the line from London Bridge , measured via Redhill . It is operated by Southern . The station is the last stop on the Arun Valley Line before it joins the Brighton Main Line ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Alabama", "text": "Alabama was admitted to the Union on December 14 , 1819 . The state elects U.S. senators to Class 2 and Class 3 . Its United States Senate seats were declared vacant from March 1861 to July 1868 due to its secession from the Union during the American Civil War . Alabama 's current U.S. senators are Republican Richard Shelby ( since 1987 ) and Democrat Doug Jones ( since 2018 ) , making it one of nine states to have a split U.S. Senate delegation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bronx_Community_College", "text": "The Bronx Community College of the City University of New York ( BCC ) is a community college located on a landmarked campus in the University Heights neighborhood of the Bronx , New York City . It is part of the City University of New York system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balta,_Shetland", "text": "Balta ( Old Norse : Baltey ) is an uninhabited island in Shetland , Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romania", "text": "Romania ( /roʊˈmeɪniə/ ( listen ) ro-MAY-nee-ə ; Romanian : România [ romɨˈni.a ] ( listen ) ) is a country located at the crossroads of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern Europe . It has borders with the Black Sea to the southeast , Bulgaria to the south , Ukraine to the north , Hungary to the west , Serbia to the southwest , and Moldova to the east . It has a predominantly temperate-continental climate . With a total area of 238,397 square kilometers ( 92,046 square miles ) , Romania is the 8th largest country and also the 6th most populous member state of the European Union , having almost 20 million inhabitants . Its capital and largest city is Bucharest , and other major urban areas include Cluj-Napoca , Timișoara , Iași , Constanța , Craiova , Brașov , and Galați . The River Danube , Europe 's second-longest river , rises in Germany 's Black Forest and flows in a general southeast direction for 2,857 km ( 1,775 mi ) , coursing through ten countries before emptying into Romania 's Danube Delta . The Carpathian Mountains , which cross Romania from the north to the southwest , include Moldoveanu Peak , at an altitude of 2,544 m ( 8,346 ft ) . Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia . The new state , officially named Romania since 1866 , gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1877 . Following World War I after declaring its neutrality in 1914 , when Romania fought on the side of the Allied powers starting with 1916 , Bukovina , Bessarabia , Transylvania as well as parts of Banat , Crișana , and Maramureș became part of the sovereign Kingdom of Romania . In June-August 1940 , as a consequence of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and Second Vienna Award , Romania was compelled to cede Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union , and Northern Transylvania to Hungary . In November 1940 , Romania signed the Tripartite Pact and , consequently , in June 1941 entered World War II on the Axis side , fighting against the Soviet Union until August 1944 , when it joined the Allies and recovered Northern Transylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sergei_Verenkin", "text": "Sergei Verenkin ( born 8 September 1979 ) is a Russian former ice hockey left winger . He was selected 223rd overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft . Verenkin played in the Russian Superleague for Torpedo Yaroslavl , Metallurg Novokuznetsk and Molot-Prikamye Perm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guayaquil_Canton", "text": "The Guayaquil Canton , official the Municipality of Guayaquil , is a canton in the center of the Guayas Province in western Ecuador . The canton was named after its seat , the city of Guayaquil , the most populous city in Ecuador ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victorias,_Negros_Occidental", "text": "Victorias , officially the City of Victorias , or simply referred to as Victorias City , is a 4th class city in the province of Negros Occidental , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 87,933 people . Victorias is notable for the St. Joseph the Worker Chapel , which was declared as an Important Cultural Property of the Philippines in December 2015 . It is also the site of Victorias Milling Company , the world 's largest integrated sugar mill , sitting on a 7,000 hectares ( 17,000 acres ) compound that makes it the Philippine 's largest sugar refinery . Victorias City also serves as the access point to the Northern Negros Natural Park , popular among hikers visiting Mount Mandalagan and Mount Silay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boeing", "text": "The Boeing Company , commonly known as Boeing ( /ˈboʊɪŋ/ ) , is an American multinational corporation that designs , manufactures , and sells airplanes , rotorcraft , rockets , satellites , telecommunications equipment , and missiles worldwide . The company also provides leasing and product support services . Boeing is among the largest global aerospace manufacturers ; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2018 revenue , and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value . Boeing stock is included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . Boeing is incorporated in Delaware . Boeing was founded by William Boeing in Seattle , Washington on July 15 , 1916 . The present corporation is the result of the merger of Boeing with McDonnell Douglas on August 1 , 1997 . Then chairman and CEO of Boeing , Philip M. Condit , assumed those roles in the combined company , while Harry Stonecipher , former CEO of McDonnell Douglas , became president and COO . The Boeing Company has its corporate headquarters in Chicago , Illinois . Boeing is organized into five primary divisions : Boeing Commercial Airplanes ( BCA ) ; Boeing Defense , Space & Security ( BDS ) ; Engineering , Operations & Technology ; Boeing Capital ; and Boeing Shared Services Group . In 2017 , Boeing recorded US $ 93.3 billion in sales , ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine Fortune 500 list ( 2018 ) , ranked 64th on the Fortune Global 500 list ( 2018 ) , and ranked 19th on the World 's Most Admired Companies list ( 2018 ) . In 2019 , Boeing 's global reputation , commercial business , and financial rating suffered after the 737 MAX was grounded worldwide following two fatal crashes in late 2018 and early 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coastal_Carolina_University", "text": "Coastal Carolina University ( CCU or Coastal ) is a public liberal arts university in Conway , South Carolina . Founded in 1954 , Coastal became an independent university in 1993 . The university is a national sea-grant institution and owns part of Waties Island , an Atlantic barrier island that serves as a natural laboratory for CCU 's instruction and research . The campus is also the home of the Horry County Schools Scholars Academy , a high school for gifted students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995–96_Boston_Bruins_season", "text": "The 1995-96 Boston Bruins season was the team 's 72nd season . It was the Bruins ' first season at Fleet Center , which replaced Boston Garden as their home venue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Bullets", "text": "The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington , D.C . The Wizards compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Southeast Division . The team plays its home games at the Capital One Arena , in the Chinatown neighborhood of Washington , D.C . The franchise was established in 1961 as the Chicago Packers based in Chicago , Illinois , and were renamed to Chicago Zephyrs the following season . In 1963 , they relocated to Baltimore , Maryland , and became the Baltimore Bullets , taking the name from a previous team of the same name . In 1973 , the team changed its name to the Capital Bullets to reflect their move to the Washington metropolitan area , and then to Washington Bullets in the following season . In 1997 , they rebranded themselves as the Wizards . The Wizards have appeared in four NBA Finals , and won in 1978 . They have had a total of 28 playoff appearances , won four conference titles ( 1971 , 1975 , 1978 , 1979 ) , and seven division titles ( 1971 , 1972 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1979 , 2017 ) . Their best season came in 1975 with a record of 60-22 . Wes Unseld is the only player in franchise history to become the MVP ( 1969 ) , and win the Finals MVP award ( 1978 ) . Four players ( Walt Bellamy , Terry Dischinger , Earl Monroe and Wes Unseld ) have won the Rookie of the Year award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pedro_Carbo", "text": "Pedro Carbo is a town located in the coastal Guayas , Ecuador , near Manabí province . It is located at the 63 kilometer marker on the road from Guayaquil to Manabí . It is the seat of Pedro Carbo Cantón , founded in 1984 . As of the census of 2001 , there are 36,711 people residing within canton limits . A new census was conducted in 2010 but results are yet unknown . The city is named after Pedro Carbo Noboa , a 19th-century politician , diplomat and writer from Guayaquil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albania", "text": "Albania ( /ælˈbeɪniə , ɔːl-/ ( listen ) a ( w ) l-BAY-nee-ə ; Albanian : Shqipëri or Shqipëria ; Gheg Albanian : Shqipni or Shqipnia also Shqypni or Shqypnia ) , officially the Republic of Albania ( Albanian : Republika e Shqipërisë , pronounced [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe on the Adriatic and Ionian Sea within the Mediterranean Sea . It shares land borders with Montenegro to the northwest , Kosovo [ a ] to the northeast , North Macedonia to the east , Greece to the south and maritime borders with Greece , Montenegro and Italy to the west . Geographically , the country displays varied climatic , geological , hydrological and morphological conditions , defined in an area of 28,748 km2 ( 11,100 sq mi ) . It possesses remarkable diversity with the landscape ranging from the snow-capped mountains in the Albanian Alps as well as the Korab , Skanderbeg , Pindus and Ceraunian Mountains to the hot and sunny coasts of the Albanian Adriatic and Ionian Sea along the Mediterranean Sea . Historically , the country has been inhabited by numerous civilisations such as the Illyrians , Thracians , Ancient Greeks , Romans , Byzantines , Venetians and Ottomans . The Albanians established the autonomous Principality of Arbër in the 12th century . The Kingdom of Albania and Principality of Albania formed between the 13th and 14th centuries . Prior to the Ottoman conquest of Albania in the 15th century , the Albanian resistance to Ottoman expansion into Europe led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg won them acclaim over most of Europe . Between the 18th and 19th centuries , Albanians gathered both spiritual and intellectual strength which conclusively led to the Albanian Renaissance . After the defeat of the Ottomans in the Balkan Wars , the modern nation state of Albania declared independence in 1912 . In the 20th century , the Kingdom of Albania was invaded by Italy which formed Greater Albania before becoming a protectorate of Nazi Germany . Enver Hoxha formed Communist Albania after the Second World War and launched the Albanians on a path of oppression and decades of isolation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sembawang_Rangers_FC", "text": "Sembawang Rangers Football Club was a football club in Singapore , based in Yishun . The club was also referred to among supporters as the Stallions . The club was formed as merger between Gibraltar Crescent and Sembawang Sports Club to enter the inaugural S.League in 1996 . Following a league revamp , the club was removed from the S.League at the end of the 2003 season . The club produce one of the most prominent local player Yazid Yasin which earn 1 cap from the Singapore national football team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stamford_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Stamford was a constituency in the county of Lincolnshire of the House of Commons for the Parliament of England to 1706 then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1918 . It was represented by two Members of Parliament until 1868 when this was reduced to one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gymnastics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_team", "text": "The men 's team was one of two gymnastics events on the Gymnastics at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . Each team was composed of between 16 and 40 gymnasts , with a time limit of 30 minutes for the performance . Free gymnastics and hand apparati were allowed . A total of 480 points was possible ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pensacola,_Florida", "text": "Pensacola ( /ˌpɛnsəˈkoʊlə/ ) is the westernmost city in the Florida Panhandle , and the county seat of Escambia County , Florida . As of 2019 , the population was estimated to be 52,713 . Pensacola is the principal city of the Pensacola Metropolitan Area , which had an estimated 494,883 residents as of 2018 [ update ] . Pensacola is one of the largest metropolitan areas in the Gulf Coast region , the largest between New Orleans and Tampa . Pensacola is the site of the first Spanish settlement within the borders of the continental United States in 1559 , predating the establishment of St. Augustine by 6 years , although the settlement was abandoned due to a hurricane and not re-established until 1698 . Pensacola is a seaport on Pensacola Bay , which is protected by the barrier island of Santa Rosa and connects to the Gulf of Mexico . A large United States Naval Air Station , the first in the United States , is located southwest of Pensacola near Warrington ; it is the base of the Blue Angels flight demonstration team and the National Naval Aviation Museum . The main campus of the University of West Florida is situated north of the city center . The area was originally inhabited by Muskogean-speaking peoples . The Pensacola people lived there at the time of European contact , and Creek people frequently visited and traded from present-day southern Alabama . Spanish explorer Tristán de Luna founded a short-lived settlement in 1559 . In 1698 the Spanish established a presidio in the area , from which the modern city gradually developed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1975_Pittsburgh_Panthers_football_team", "text": "The 1975 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1975 NCAA Division I football season . The Panthers won the Sun Bowl ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010–11_Iranian_Futsal_Super_League", "text": "The 2010-11 Iranian Futsal Super League will be the 12th season of the Iran Pro League and the 7th under the name Futsal Super League . Foolad Mahan are the defending champions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southport_High_School", "text": "Southport High School is a public high school located in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . Located in Perry Township , on the south side of the city , Southport is a part of the Metropolitan School District of Perry Township ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Notability", "text": "Notability is the property of being worthy of notice , having fame , or being considered to be of a high degree of interest , significance , or distinction . It also refers to the capacity to be such . Persons who are notable due to public responsibility , accomplishments , or , even , mere participation in the celebrity industry are said to have a public profile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_Idaho_Vandals_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 1981-82 Idaho Vandals men 's basketball team represented the University of Idaho during the 1981-82 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The defending champions of the Big Sky Conference , Vandals were led by fourth-year head coach Don Monson and played their home games on campus at the Kibbie Dome in Moscow , Idaho . The 1982 basketball team was the most successful in the school 's history , and has yet to be surpassed . Building upon the success of the previous season , the Vandals won their first 16 games and went 24-2 in the regular season . They defeated Gonzaga and all four Pac-10 teams from the Northwest . Idaho won the eight-team Far West Classic in Portland in late December 1981 , winning all three games by at least 19 points ( over Iowa State , Oregon State , and Oregon ) . The Vandals ' only setbacks during the regular season were consecutive two-point road losses in late January . The first was to rival Montana on a raucous Saturday night in Missoula on a tip-in at the buzzer . The second was to Notre Dame in South Bend two days later , ending a three-games-in-four-nights road trip , which included multiple weather-related travel delays and re-routes , and a 4:30 am arrival in South Bend on game day . Although the Vandals hit 14 of their first 15 shots to jump to 28-10 lead over the Irish , Notre Dame regrouped at home to win by two in overtime . Idaho was awarded just four free throws in the 45 minutes of play and missed them all . Notre Dame was led by future NBA guard John Paxson in 1982 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Costa_Rica", "text": "Costa Rica ( /ˌkɒstə ˈriːkə/ , US : /ˌkoʊstə/ ( listen ) ; Spanish : [ ˈkosta ˈrika ] ; literally Rich Coast ) , officially the Republic of Costa Rica ( Spanish : República de Costa Rica ) , is a country in Central America , bordered by Nicaragua to the north , the Caribbean Sea to the northeast , Panama to the southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the southwest , and Ecuador to the south of Cocos Island . It has a population of around 5 million in a land area of 51,060 square kilometers ( 19,714 square miles ) . An estimated 333,980 people live in the capital and largest city , San José , with around 2 million people in the surrounding metropolitan area . The sovereign state is a unitary presidential constitutional republic . It is known for its long-standing and stable democracy , and for its highly educated workforce , most of whom speak English . The country spends roughly 6.9% of its budget ( 2016 ) on education , compared to a global average of 4.4% . Its economy , once heavily dependent on agriculture , has diversified to include sectors such as finance , corporate services for foreign companies , pharmaceuticals , and ecotourism . Many foreign manufacturing and services companies operate in Costa Rica 's Free Trade Zones ( FTZ ) where they benefit from investment and tax incentives . Costa Rica was sparsely inhabited by indigenous peoples before coming under Spanish rule in the 16th century . It remained a peripheral colony of the empire until independence as part of the First Mexican Empire , followed by membership in the United Provinces of Central America , from which it formally declared independence in 1847 . Following the brief Costa Rican Civil War in 1948 , it permanently abolished its army in 1949 , becoming one of only a few sovereign nations without a standing army . The country has consistently performed favorably in the Human Development Index ( HDI ) , placing 63rd in the world as of 2017 [ update ] , among the highest of any Latin American nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Right_fielder", "text": "A right fielder , abbreviated RF , is the outfielder in baseball or softball who plays defense in right field . Right field is the area of the outfield to the right of a person standing at home plate and facing towards the pitcher 's mound . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the right fielder is assigned the number 9 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mexico", "text": "Mexico ( Spanish : México [ ˈmexiko ] ( listen ) ; Nahuatl languages : Mēxihco ) , officially the United Mexican States ( UMS ; Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos , EUM [ esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos ] ( listen ) , lit . Mexican United States ) , is a country in the southern portion of North America . It is bordered to the north by the United States ; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; to the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico . Covering almost 2,000,000 square kilometers ( 770,000 sq mi ) , the nation is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent state in the world . With an estimated population of over 129 million people , Mexico is the tenth most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world , while being the second most populous nation in Latin America after Brazil . Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states plus Mexico City ( CDMX ) , which is the capital city and its most populous city . Other metropolises in the country include Guadalajara , Monterrey , Puebla , Toluca , Tijuana , and León . Pre-Columbian Mexico dates to about 8000 BC and is identified as one of six cradles of civilization and was home to many advanced Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Olmec , Toltec , Teotihuacan , Zapotec , Maya , and Aztec before first contact with Europeans . In 1521 , the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its politically powerful base in Mexico-Tenochtitlan ( part of Mexico City ) , which was administered as the viceroyalty of New Spain . The Roman Catholic Church played a powerful role in governing the country as millions were converted to the faith , although King Charles III expelled the Jesuits in the 1770s . The territory became a nation state following its recognition in 1821 after the Mexican War of Independence . The post-independence period was tumultuous , characterized by economic inequality and many contrasting political changes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adamari_Lopez", "text": "Adamari López Torres ( born May 18 , 1971 ) is a Puerto Rican actress known for participating in several Puerto Rican and Mexican soap operas . She is currently a host on the Telemundo morning show Un Nuevo Día and the first Latina ambassador for WW , formerly known as Weight Watchers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1913–14_Prima_Categoria", "text": "The 1913-14 Prima Categoria season was won by Casale ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Gods", "text": "New Gods are a fictional race appearing in the eponymous comic book series published by DC Comics , as well as selected other DC titles . Created and designed by Jack Kirby , they first appeared in February 1971 in New Gods # 1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBC", "text": "The National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) is an American English-language commercial terrestrial radio and television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal , a subsidiary of Comcast . The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City , with additional major offices near Los Angeles ( at 10 Universal City Plaza ) , Chicago ( at the NBC Tower ) and Philadelphia ( at the Comcast Technology Center ) . The network is one of the Big Three television networks . NBC is sometimes referred to as the Peacock Network , in reference to its stylized peacock logo , introduced in 1956 to promote the company 's innovations in early color broadcasting . It became the network 's official emblem in 1979 . Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States . At that time the parent company of RCA was General Electric ( GE ) . In 1932 , GE was forced to sell RCA and NBC as a result of antitrust charges . In 1986 , control of NBC passed back to General Electric ( GE ) through its $ 6.4 billion purchase of RCA . GE immediately began to liquidate RCA 's various divisions , but retained NBC . Following the acquisition by GE , Bob Wright served as chief executive officer of NBC , remaining in that position until his retirement in 2007 , when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker . In 2003 , French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE , forming NBC Universal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newt_Gingrich", "text": "Newton Leroy Gingrich ( /ˈɡɪŋɡrɪtʃ/ ; born June 17 , 1943 ) is an American politician , author , and historian who served as the 50th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 1999 . A member of the Republican Party , he was the U.S. Representative for Georgia 's 6th congressional district serving north Atlanta and nearby areas from 1979 until his resignation in 1999 . In 2012 , Gingrich was a candidate for the presidential nomination of his party . A professor of history and geography at the University of West Georgia in the 1970s , Gingrich won election to the U.S. House of Representatives in November 1978 , the first Republican in the history of Georgia 's 6th congressional district to do so . He served as House Minority Whip from 1989 to 1995 . A co-author and architect of the Contract with America , Gingrich was a major leader in the Republican victory in the 1994 congressional election . In 1995 , Time named him Man of the Year for his role in ending the four-decades-long Democratic majority in the House . As House Speaker , Gingrich oversaw passage by the House of welfare reform and a capital gains tax cut in 1997 . Gingrich played a key role in several government shutdowns , and impeached President Clinton on a party-line vote in the House . The poor showing by Republicans in the 1998 Congressional elections , a reprimand from the House for Gingrich 's ethics violation , pressure from Republican colleagues , and revelations of an extramarital affair with a congressional employee 23 years his junior resulted in Gingrich 's resignation from the speakership on November 6 , 1998 . He resigned altogether from the House on January 3 , 1999 . Political scientists have credited Gingrich with playing a key role in undermining political decorum in the United States , and hastening political polarization and partisanship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malta", "text": "The origin of the name Malta is uncertain , and the modern-day variation is derived from the Maltese language . The most common etymology is that the word Malta is derived from the Greek word μέλι , meli , honey . The ancient Greeks called the island Μελίτη ( Melitē ) meaning honey-sweet , possibly for Malta 's unique production of honey ; an endemic subspecies of bees live on the island . The Romans called the island Melita , which can be considered either a latinisation of the Greek Μελίτη or the adaptation of the Doric Greek pronunciation of the same word Μελίτα . In 1525 William Tyndale used the transliteration Melite in Acts 28:1 for Καὶ διασωθέντες τότε ἐπέγνωμεν ὅτι Μελίτη ἡ νῆσος καλεῖται as found in his translation of The New Testament that relied on Greek texts instead of Latin . Melita is the spelling used in the Authorized ( King James ) Version of 1611 and in the American Standard Version of 1901 . Malta is widely used in more recent versions , such as The Revised Standard Version of 1946 and The New International Version of 1973 . Another conjecture suggests that the word Malta comes from the Phoenician word Maleth , a haven , or 'port ' in reference to Malta 's many bays and coves . Few other etymological mentions appear in classical literature , with the term Malta appearing in its present form in the Antonine Itinerary ( Itin . Marit . p. 518 ; Sil . Ital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portland,_Oregon", "text": "Portland ( /ˈpɔːrtlənd/ ; PORT-lənd ) is the largest and most populous city in the U.S. state of Oregon and the seat of Multnomah County . It is a major port in the Willamette Valley region of the Pacific Northwest , at the confluence of the Willamette and Columbia rivers . As of 2018 , Portland had an estimated population of 653,115 , making it the 25th most populated city in the United States , and the second-most populous in the Pacific Northwest after Seattle . Approximately 2.4 million people live in the Portland metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) , making it the 25th most populous in the United States . Its combined statistical area ( CSA ) ranks 19th-largest with a population of around 3.2 million . Approximately 60% of Oregon 's population resides within the Portland metropolitan area . [ a ] Named after Portland , Maine , the Oregon settlement began to be populated in the 1830s near the end of the Oregon Trail . Its water access provided convenient transportation of goods , and the timber industry was a major force in the city 's early economy . At the turn of the 20th century , the city had a reputation as one of the most dangerous port cities in the world , a hub for organized crime and racketeering . After the city 's economy experienced an industrial boom during World War II , its hard-edged reputation began to dissipate . Beginning in the 1960s , Portland became noted for its growing progressive political values , earning it a reputation as a bastion of counterculture . The city operates with a commission-based government guided by a mayor and four commissioners as well as Metro , the only directly elected metropolitan planning organization in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cardinal-nephew", "text": "A cardinal-nephew ( Latin : cardinalis nepos ; Italian : cardinale nipote ; Spanish : valido de su tío ; French : prince de fortune ) was a cardinal elevated by a pope who was that cardinal 's relative . The practice of creating cardinal-nephews originated in the Middle Ages , and reached its apex during the 16th and 17th centuries . The last cardinal-nephew was named in 1689 and the practice was extinguished in 1692 . The word nepotism originally referred specifically to this practice , when it appeared in the English language about 1669 . From the middle of the Avignon Papacy ( 1309-1377 ) until Pope Innocent XII 's anti-nepotism bull ( a papal charter ) , Romanum decet pontificem ( 1692 ) , a pope without a cardinal-nephew was the exception to the rule . Every Renaissance pope who created cardinals appointed a relative to the College of Cardinals , and the nephew was the most common choice , although one of Alexander VI 's creations was his own son . The institution of the cardinal-nephew evolved over seven centuries , tracking developments in the history of the papacy and the styles of individual Popes . From 1566 until 1692 , a cardinal-nephew held the curial office of the Superintendent of the Ecclesiastical State , known as the Cardinal Nephew , and thus the terms are sometimes used interchangeably . The curial office of the Cardinal Nephew as well as the institution of the cardinal-nephew declined as the power of the Cardinal Secretary of State increased and the temporal power of popes decreased in the 17th and 18th centuries . The list of cardinal-nephews includes at least fifteen , and possibly as many as nineteen popes ( Gregory IX , Alexander IV , Adrian V , Gregory XI , Boniface IX , Innocent VII , Eugene IV , Paul II , Alexander VI , Pius III , Julius II , Leo X , Clement VII , Benedict XIII , and Pius VII ; perhaps also John XIX and Benedict IX , if they were really promoted cardinals ; as well as Innocent III and Benedict XII , if in fact they were related to their elevators ) ; one antipope ( John XXIII ) ; and two or three saints ( Charles Borromeo , Guarinus of Palestrina , and perhaps Anselm of Lucca , if he was really a cardinal ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kansas_City_Royals", "text": "The Kansas City Royals are an American professional baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member team of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The team was founded as an expansion franchise in 1969 , and has participated in four World Series , winning in 1985 and 2015 , and losing in 1980 and 2014 . The name Royals pays homage to the American Royal , a livestock show , horse show , rodeo , and championship barbeque competition held annually in Kansas City since 1899 as well as the identical names of two former negro league baseball teams that played in the first half of the 20th century ( one a semi-pro team based in Kansas City in the 1910s and 1920s that toured the Midwest and a California Winter League team based in Los Angeles in the 1940s that was managed by Chet Brewer and included Satchel Paige and Jackie Robinson on its roster ) . The Los Angeles team had personnel connections to the Monarchs but could not use the Monarchs name . The name also fits into something of a theme for other professional sports franchises in the city , including the Kansas City Chiefs of the NFL , the former Kansas City Kings of the NBA , and the former Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro National League . In 1968 , the team held a name-the-team contest that received more than 17,000 entries . Sanford Porte , a bridge engineer from the suburb of Overland Park , Kansas was named the winner for his Royals entry . His reason had nothing to do with royalty . Kansas Citys new baseball team should be called the Royals because of Missouris billion-dollar livestock income , Kansas Citys position as the nations leading stocker and feeder market and the nationally known American Royal parade and pageant , Porte wrote . The team 's board voted 6-1 on the name , with the only opposition coming from team owner Ewing Kauffman , who eventually changed his vote and said the name had grown on him . Entering the American League in 1969 along with the Seattle Pilots , the club was founded by Kansas City businessman Ewing Kauffman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_4", "text": "The PlayStation 4 ( officially abbreviated as PS4 ) is an eighth-generation home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment . Announced as the successor to the PlayStation 3 in February 2013 , it was launched on November 15 in North America , November 29 in Europe , South America and Australia , and on February 22 , 2014 , in Japan . It competes with Microsoft 's Xbox One and Nintendo 's Wii U and Switch . Moving away from the more complex Cell microarchitecture of its predecessor , the console features an AMD Accelerated Processing Unit ( APU ) built upon the x86-64 architecture , which can theoretically peak at 1.84 teraflops ; AMD stated that it was the most powerful APU it had developed to date . The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices ( Remote Play ) , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely ( Share Play ) . The console 's controller was also redesigned and improved over the PlayStation 3 , with improved buttons and analog sticks , and an integrated touchpad among other changes . The console also supports HDR10 High-dynamic-range video and playback of 4K resolution multimedia . The PlayStation 4 was released to critical acclaim , with critics praising Sony for acknowledging its consumers ' needs , embracing independent game development , and for not imposing the restrictive digital rights management schemes like those originally announced by Microsoft for the Xbox One . Critics and third-party studios also praised the capabilities of the PlayStation 4 in comparison to its competitors ; developers described the performance difference between the console and Xbox One as significant and obvious . Heightened demand also helped Sony top global console sales . By the end of September 2019 , over 102 million PlayStation 4 consoles had been shipped worldwide , surpassing lifetime sales of the PlayStation 3 . On September 7 , 2016 , Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4 Slim , a smaller version of the console ; and a high-end version called the PlayStation 4 Pro , which features an upgraded GPU and a higher CPU clock rate to support enhanced performance and 4K resolution in supported games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pentecostal", "text": "Pentecostalism or Classical Pentecostalism is a Protestant Christian movement that emphasises direct personal experience of God through baptism with the Holy Spirit . The term Pentecostal is derived from Pentecost , the Greek name for the Jewish Feast of Weeks . For Christians , this event commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the followers of Jesus Christ , as described in the second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles . Like other forms of evangelical Protestantism , Pentecostalism adheres to the inerrancy of the Bible and the necessity of accepting Jesus Christ as personal Lord and Savior . It is distinguished by belief in the baptism in the Holy Spirit that enables a Christian to live a Spirit-filled and empowered life . This empowerment includes the use of spiritual gifts such as speaking in tongues and divine healing - two other defining characteristics of Pentecostalism . Because of their commitment to biblical authority , spiritual gifts , and the miraculous , Pentecostals tend to see their movement as reflecting the same kind of spiritual power and teachings that were found in the Apostolic Age of the early church . For this reason , some Pentecostals also use the term Apostolic or Full Gospel to describe their movement . Pentecostalism emerged in the early 20th century among radical adherents of the Holiness movement who were energized by revivalism and expectation for the imminent Second Coming of Christ . Believing that they were living in the end times , they expected God to spiritually renew the Christian Church thereby bringing to pass the restoration of spiritual gifts and the evangelization of the world . In 1900 , Charles Parham , an American evangelist and faith healer , began teaching that speaking in tongues was the Bible evidence of Spirit baptism and along with William J. Seymour , a Wesleyan-Holiness preacher , he taught that this was the third work of grace . The three-year-long Azusa Street Revival , founded and led by Seymour in Los Angeles , California , resulted in the spread of Pentecostalism throughout the United States and the rest of the world as visitors carried the Pentecostal experience back to their home churches or felt called to the mission field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Houston-The_Woodlands-Sugar_Land,_TX_MSA", "text": "Greater Houston , designated by the United States Office of Management and Budget as Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land , is the fifth-most populous metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) in the United States , encompassing nine counties along the Gulf Coast in Southeast Texas . With a population of 6,997,384 people as of 2018 census estimates , Greater Houston is the second-most populous in Texas after the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex . The approximately 10,000-square-mile ( 26,000 km2 ) region centers on Harris County , the third-most populous county in the U.S. , which contains the city of Houston - the largest economic and cultural center of the South - with a population of 2.3 million . Greater Houston is part of the Texas Triangle megaregion along with the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , Greater Austin , and Greater San Antonio . Greater Houston has historically been among the fastest-growing metropolitan areas in the United States ; it was the fastest-growing in absolute terms during the 2013-2014 census year , adding 156,371 people . The area grew 25.2% between 1990 and 2000 - adding more than 950,000 people - while the country 's population increased only 13.2% over the same period , and from 2000 to 2007 alone , the area added over 910,000 people . The Greater Houston Partnership projects the metropolitan area will add between 4.1 and 8.3 million new residents between 2010 and 2050 . Greater Houston has the seventh-highest metropolitan-area gross domestic product in the United States , valued at $ 490 billion in 2017 . A major trade center anchored by the Port of Houston , Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land has the second-highest trade export value of all MSAs , at over $ 84 billion in 2016 , accounting for 42% of the total exports of Texas . The MSA is home to the headquarters of 21 Fortune 500 companies , ranking fourth among all MSAs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/My_Fair_Lady_(film)", "text": "My Fair Lady is a 1964 American musical comedy-drama film adapted from the 1956 Lerner and Loewe stage musical based on George Bernard Shaw 's 1913 stage play , Pygmalion . With a screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner and directed by George Cukor , the film depicts a poor Cockney flower seller named Eliza Doolittle who overhears an arrogant phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , as he casually wagers that he could teach her to speak proper English , thereby making her presentable in the high society of Edwardian London . The film stars Audrey Hepburn as Eliza Doolittle and Rex Harrison as Henry Higgins , with Stanley Holloway , Gladys Cooper and Wilfrid Hyde-White in supporting roles . A critical and commercial success , it won eight Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actor , and Best Director . In 1998 , the American Film Institute named it the 91st greatest American film of all time . In 2006 it was ranked eighth in the AFI 's Greatest Movie Musicals list . In 2018 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_Emanuel", "text": "This a partial list of Minor League Baseball players in the Houston Astros system and the rosters of their minor league affiliates :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Jim_Walton", "text": "James Carr Walton ( born June 7 , 1948 ) is an heir to the fortune of Walmart , the world 's largest retailer . As of November 2019 , Walton was the 15th-richest person in the world , with a net worth of $ 53.1 billion . He is the youngest son of Sam Walton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holsworthy_Barracks", "text": "Holsworthy Barracks ( ICAO : YSHW ) is an Australian Army military barracks , located in Holsworthy approximately 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from the central business district , in south-western Sydney , New South Wales , Australia . The barracks is part of the Holsworthy military reserve , which is 22,000-hectare ( 54,000-acre ) training area and artillery range for the Australian Army , established in the 1880s and been in active use since World War I . Following World War II it became a major base for the permanent component of the Australian Army in New South Wales . Holsworthy Military Airport is also located in the reserve . Activities carried out on the base include the use of firing ranges , chemical weapons testing , fire training , vehicle maintenance , and bulk chemical storage and distribution from numerous above ground and underground storage tanks . Following the movement of many units of the Regular Army to Darwin , Northern Territory , in the late 1990s many Army Reserve units were moved from other depots to Holsworthy Barracks , including the Headquarters of the 5th Brigade . The base is currently home to 142 Signal Squadron , 2nd Commando Regiment ( 2 Cdo Regt ) , and 6th Aviation Regiment . A number of training units and the Defence Force Correctional Establishment are also located at Holsworthy . The base is also home to the regional headquarters of the NSW Australian Army Cadet Brigade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reading_F.C.", "text": "Reading Football Club ( /ˈrɛdɪŋ/ ( listen ) RED-ing ) is a professional association football club based in Reading , Berkshire , England . The team play in the Championship , the second tier of English football . The current manager is Mark Bowen . Reading are nicknamed The Royals , due to Reading 's location in the Royal County of Berkshire , though they were previously known as The Biscuitmen , due to the town 's association with Huntley and Palmers . Established in 1871 , the club is one of the oldest teams in England , but did not join The Football League until 1920 , and first in the top tier of English football league system in the 2006-07 season . The club competed in the 2012-13 Premier League season , having gained promotion at the end of the 2011-12 season after winning the Championship , but were relegated after just one season back in the top flight . The club played at Elm Park for 102 years between 1896 and 1998 . In 1998 the club moved to the new Madejski Stadium , which is named after the club 's former co-chairman Sir John Madejski . The club holds the record for the number of successive league wins at the start of a season , with a total of 13 wins at the start of the 1985-86 Third Division campaign and also the record for the number of points gained in the professional league season with 106 points in the 2005-06 Football League Championship campaign . Reading then finished eighth in the 2006-07 Premier League , their first ever season as a top flight club . During the 2014-15 FA Cup , the club reached the semi finals , reaching the quarter finals the season after . They also reached the championship playoff final in the 2016-17 EFL Championship season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng", "text": "Kempton Park is a main place of Ekurhuleni in the Gauteng province , South Africa . Kempton Park has been part of the City of Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality since the year 2000 . Kempton Park is located on the western city limits of Ekurhuleni and shares its administrative boundaries with Johannesburg , South Africa 's largest city . It is situated south of Tembisa , one of the largest townships in South Africa , which is also integrated into Ekurhuleni . The name of the city is sometimes written as Kemptonpark in Afrikaans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orocovis,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Orocovis ( from Taino language , Orocobix meaning remembrance of the first mountain ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in the Central Mountain Range , north of Villalba and Coamo ; south of Morovis and Corozal ; southeast of Ciales ; east of Jayuya ; and west of Barranquitas . Orocovis is spread over 17 wards and Orocovis Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwalior_Fort", "text": "Gwalior Fort ( Hindi : ग्वालियर क़िला , Gvāliyar Qila ) is a hill fort near Gwalior , Madhya Pradesh , central India . The fort has existed at least since the 10th century , and the inscriptions and monuments found within what is now the fort campus indicate that it may have existed as early as the beginning of the 6th century . The fort has been controlled by a number of different rulers in its history . The present-day fort consists of a defensive structure and two main palaces , Gurjari Mahal and Man Mandir , built by Man Singh Tomar ( reigned 1486-1516 CE ) . The Gujari Mahal palace was built for Queen Mrignayani . It is now an archaeological museum . The second oldest record of zero in the world was found in a small temple , which is located on the way to the top . The inscription is around 1500 years old ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aracruz,_Espírito_Santo", "text": "Aracruz is a municipality at the central coast of Espírito Santo , Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natchez,_Mississippi", "text": "Natchez ( /ˈnætʃɪz/ ) is the county seat and only city of Adams County , Mississippi , United States . Natchez has a total population of 15,792 ( as of the 2010 census ) . Located on the Mississippi River across from Vidalia in Concordia Parish , Louisiana , Natchez was a prominent city in the antebellum years , a center of cotton planters and Mississippi River trade . Natchez is some 90 miles ( 140 km ) southwest of Jackson , the capital of Mississippi , which is located near the center of the state . It is approximately 85 miles ( 137 km ) north of Baton Rouge , Louisiana , located on the lower Mississippi River . Natchez is the 25th-largest city in the state . The city was named for the Natchez tribe of Native Americans , who with their ancestors , inhabited much of the area from the 8th century AD through the French colonial period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Flyers", "text": "The Philadelphia Flyers are a professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . Part of the 1967 NHL Expansion , the Flyers were the first expansion team in the post-Original Six era to win the Stanley Cup , victorious in 1973-74 and again in 1974-75 . The Flyers ' all-time points percentage of 57.5% ( as of the 2018-19 NHL season [ update ] ) is the third-best in the NHL , behind only the Vegas Golden Knights and Montreal Canadiens . Additionally , the Flyers have the most appearances in the conference finals of all 24 expansion teams ( 16 appearances , winning 8 ) , and they are second behind the St. Louis Blues for the most playoff appearances out of all expansion teams ( 39 out of 51 seasons ) . The Flyers have played their home games on Broad Street since their inception , first at the Spectrum from 1967 until 1996 , and then at the Wells Fargo Center since 1996 . The Flyers have had rivalries with several teams over the years . Historically , their biggest adversaries have been the New York Rangers , with an intense rivalry stretching back to the 1970s . They have also waged lengthy campaigns against the New York Islanders in the 70s and 80s , the Boston Bruins , a bruising battle especially in the 1970s , the Washington Capitals , which has always been intense since their days in the Patrick Division , as well as the New Jersey Devils , with whom they traded the Atlantic Division title every season between 1994-95 and 2006-07 , and finally they enjoy a spirited rivalry with their cross-state and expansion brethren , the Pittsburgh Penguins , which is considered by some to be the best rivalry in the league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Heritage_of_Hastur", "text": "The Heritage of Hastur is a science fantasy novel by American writer Marion Zimmer Bradley , part of the Darkover series . It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1975 . It explores sexual themes , particularly the view that homosexuality is a normal variant of human sexuality . The Heritage of Hastur is set in what Bradley called Darkover 's Second Age Against the Terrans ( after the Comyn ) . In The Bloody Sun , Lew Alton is described as age 11 , which suggests that this book takes place 10-15 years later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Langford_Budville", "text": "Langford Budville is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated near the River Tone 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north-west of Wellington , 4.5 miles ( 7.2 km ) from Wiveliscombe and 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) west of Taunton in the Somerset West and Taunton district . The parish includes the hamlets of Bindon , Lower Chipley , Lower Wellisford , Ramsey and Runnington . The parish has a population of 535 . Langford Budville has a few basic facilities ; like most villages it has a church ( St Peter 's ) , a public house ( The Martlet ) , and a school ( Langford Budville Church of England Primary ) There is also a hotel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mancelona_Township,_Michigan", "text": "Mancelona Township is a civil township of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was 4,400 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hans_Drakenberg", "text": "Hans Drakenberg ( 4 February 1901 - 1 November 1982 ) was a Swedish épée fencer . He won a silver medal in the team event at the 1936 Summer Olympics and finished fourth individually . Drakenberg won an individual European title in 1935 and two silver and five bronze medals at European and world championships in 1933-49 . In 1935 he was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sloane_Farrington", "text": "Sloane Elmo Farrington ( 17 May 1923 - 1997 ) was a Bahamian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist . He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , together with Durward Knowles . He also won gold in the 1959 Pan American Games star class ( with Durward Knowles ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film)", "text": "The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American psychological horror film directed by Jonathan Demme from a screenplay written by Ted Tally , adapted from Thomas Harris 's 1988 novel of the same name . The film stars Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , Scott Glenn , Ted Levine , and Anthony Heald . In the film , Clarice Starling , a young FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Hannibal Lecter , a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer to apprehend another serial killer , known only as Buffalo Bill , who skins his female victims ' corpses . The novel was Harris 's first and second respectively to feature the characters of Starling and Lecter , and was the second adaptation of a Harris novel to feature Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter ( 1986 ) . The Silence of the Lambs was released on February 14 , 1991 and grossed $ 272.7 million worldwide against its $ 19 million budget , becoming the fifth-highest grossing film of 1991 worldwide . The film premiered at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival , where it competed for the Golden Bear , while Demme received the Silver Bear for Best Director . Critically acclaimed upon release , it became only the third film ( the other two being It Happened One Night ( 1934 ) and One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ( 1975 ) ) to win Academy Awards in all the top five categories : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor , Best Actress , and Best Adapted Screenplay . It is also the first ( and so far only ) Best Picture winner widely considered to be a horror film , and one of only six such films to be nominated in the category , along with The Exorcist ( 1973 ) , Jaws ( 1975 ) , The Sixth Sense ( 1999 ) , Black Swan ( 2010 ) and Get Out ( 2017 ) . It is regularly cited by critics , film directors and audiences alike as one of the greatest and most influential films of all time . In 2018 Empire ranked it 48th on their list of the 500 greatest movies of all time . The American Film Institute ranked it as the 5th greatest and most influential thriller film of all time while the characters Clarice Starling and Hannibal Lecter were ranked as the greatest film heroine and villain respectively . The film is considered culturally , historically or aesthetically significant by the U.S. Library of Congress and was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howard_Florey", "text": "Howard Walter Florey , Baron Florey , OM , FRS , FRCP ( 24 September 1898 - 21 February 1968 ) was an Australian pharmacologist and pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Sir Ernst Chain and Sir Alexander Fleming for his role in the development of penicillin . Although Fleming received most of the credit for the discovery of penicillin , it was Florey who carried out the first ever clinical trials of penicillin in 1941 at the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford on the first patient , a police constable from Oxford . The patient started to recover , but subsequently died because Florey was unable , at that time , to make enough penicillin . It was Florey and Chain who actually made a useful and effective drug out of penicillin , after the task had been abandoned as too difficult . Florey 's discoveries , along with the discoveries of Fleming and Ernst Chain , are estimated to have saved over 200 million lives , and he is consequently regarded by the Australian scientific and medical community as one of its greatest figures . Sir Robert Menzies , Australia 's longest-serving Prime Minister , said , In terms of world well-being , Florey was the most important man ever born in Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Mirren_F.C.", "text": "St Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley , Renfrewshire , founded in 1877 . They play in the Scottish Premiership after winning the 2017-18 Scottish Championship . The team has two nicknames , the Buddies and the Saints . St Mirren have won the Scottish Cup three times , in 1926 , 1959 and 1987 , and the Scottish League Cup in 2013 . The club has played in European competition four times : in the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup in 1987-88 and the UEFA Cup in 1980-81 , 1983-84 and 1985-86 . The club 's home ground since 2009 is St Mirren Park , a 7,937 capacity all seater ground on Greenhill Road , Paisley . The club 's former ground from 1894 until 2009 was also officially named St Mirren Park , but was more commonly known as Love Street ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1989", "text": "The 24th Biathlon World Championships were held in 1989 in Feistritz , Austria . These world championships were the first to hold the men 's and women 's championships simultaneously ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glasgow", "text": "Glasgow ( /ˈɡlæzɡoʊ/ , also UK : /ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ , ˈɡlɑːsɡoʊ/ , US : /ˈɡlæsɡoʊ , ˈɡlæskoʊ/ ; Scots : Glesga [ ˈɡlezɡə ] ; Scottish Gaelic : Glaschu [ ˈkl̪ˠas̪əxu ] ) is the most populous city in Scotland , and the third most populous city in the United Kingdom , as of the 2017 estimated city population of 621,020 . Historically part of Lanarkshire , the city now forms the Glasgow City council area , one of the 32 council areas of Scotland ; the local authority is Glasgow City Council . Glasgow is situated on the River Clyde in the country 's West Central Lowlands . It is the fifth most visited city in the UK . Inhabitants of the city are referred to as Glaswegians or , informally , as Weegies . Glasgow is also known for the Glasgow patter , a distinct dialect of the Scots language that is noted for being difficult to understand by those from outside the city . Glasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the River Clyde to become the largest seaport in Scotland , and tenth largest by tonnage in Britain . Expanding from the medieval bishopric and royal burgh , and the later establishment of the University of Glasgow in the fifteenth century , it became a major centre of the Scottish Enlightenment in the eighteenth century . From the eighteenth century onwards , the city also grew as one of Great Britain 's main hubs of transatlantic trade with North America and the West Indies . With the onset of the Industrial Revolution , the population and economy of Glasgow and the surrounding region expanded rapidly to become one of the world 's pre-eminent centres of chemicals , textiles and engineering ; most notably in the shipbuilding and marine engineering industry , which produced many innovative and famous vessels . Glasgow was the Second City of the British Empire for much of the Victorian era and Edwardian period , although many cities argue the title was theirs . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Glasgow 's population grew rapidly , reaching a peak of 1,127,825 people in 1938 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Supercross_(film)", "text": "Supercross is a 2005 American action film directed by Steve Boyum and starring Steve Howey and Mike Vogel . The film is a mixture of youthful relationships set in the intense world of professional Supercross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harold_&_Kumar_Go_to_White_Castle", "text": "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle , also known as Harold & Kumar Get the Munchies in the UK , is a 2004 American stoner comedy film and the first installment of the Harold & Kumar series . The film was written by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg , and directed by Danny Leiner . The story follows Harold Lee ( John Cho ) and Kumar Patel ( Kal Penn ) as they decide to go to the fast food chain White Castle after smoking marijuana , but end up on a series of comical misadventures along the way . The film also features Fred Willard , Paula Garcés , Anthony Anderson , Dan Bochart , Ethan Embry , Jamie Kennedy , Bobby Lee , Christopher Meloni , Ryan Reynolds , Shaun Majumder , David Krumholtz , Eddie Kaye Thomas , Malin Åkerman , and Neil Patrick Harris , who plays a fictionalized version of himself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southeastern_Louisiana_University", "text": "Southeastern Louisiana University ( Southeastern ) is a public university in Hammond , Louisiana . It was founded in 1925 by Linus A. Sims as Hammond Junior College . Sims succeeded in getting the campus moved to north Hammond in 1928 , when it became known as Southeastern Louisiana College . It achieved university status in 1970 . In the fall of 2019 there were 14,298 students enrolled . During the 1990s , Southeastern was one of the fastest-growing colleges in the United States . The university is the third largest in Louisiana , trailing only LSU and the University of Louisiana at Lafayette . Southeastern 's colors are green and gold , and the mascot is a lion named Roomie . Southeastern 's sports teams participate in NCAA Division I ( FCS for football ) in the Southland Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Tennessee_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Tennessee Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state Tennessee in the Miss Teen USA pageant . The pageant is directed by Greenwood Productions under the ownership of Miss Tennessee USA 1989 , Kimberly Payne Greenwood , since 1992 . Tennessee is in the top 5 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . In the 1990s , they were placed first . They have the third ( equal ) highest number of semi-finalist ( or better ) placings and are one of only five states to have received more than three awards . Five Tennessee teens have gone on to win the Miss Tennessee USA title and compete at Miss USA , including Lynnette Cole , who won the Miss USA title in 2000 and Rachel Smith , Miss USA 2007 . Both Cole and Smith won Miss Photogenic awards at Miss Teen USA , each five years prior to their Miss USA win . This makes Miss Tennessee Teen USA the only state and pageant to have two Miss USAs win the Miss Photogenic award at Miss Teen USA . Ansley Ecker of Memphis was crowned Miss Tennessee Teen USA 2020 on October 12 , 2019 at Austin Peay State University in Clarksville . She will represent Tennessee for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 on the spring of 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling", "text": "Wrestling is a combat sport involving grappling-type techniques such as clinch fighting , throws and takedowns , joint locks , pins and other grappling holds . The sport can either be theatrical for entertainment ( see professional wrestling ) , or genuinely competitive . A wrestling bout is a physical competition , between two ( occasionally more ) competitors or sparring partners , who attempt to gain and maintain a superior position . There are a wide range of styles with varying rules with both traditional historic and modern styles . Wrestling techniques have been incorporated into other martial arts as well as military hand-to-hand combat systems . The term wrestling is attested in late Old English , as wræstlunge ( glossing palestram ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Snowblind_Studios", "text": "Snowblind Studios was an American video game developer located in Kirkland , Washington . They were founded in 1997 , specializing in role-playing video games . In 2009 , Snowblind Studios was acquired by Time Warner , through its Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment division . In 2010 , the studio ( along with studio Surreal Software ) was physically relocated to Monolith . After the release of The Lord of the Rings : War in the North , the team was merged in with Monolith Productions to develop Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor , which was released in September 30 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sault_Ste._Marie_Airport", "text": "Sault Ste . Marie Airport , ( IATA : YAM , ICAO : CYAM ) , is an international airport located 8.0 nautical miles ( 14.8 km ; 9.2 mi ) west-southwest of the city of Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada at the far eastern end of Lake Superior and the beginning of the St. Mary 's River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Channel_5_(UK)", "text": "Channel 5 is a British free-to-air television channel . It was launched in 1997 , and was the fifth national terrestrial analogue channel in the United Kingdom . The station was branded as Five between 2002 and 2011 , when it was owned by the RTL Group . Richard Desmond purchased the station from RTL on 23 July 2010 , announcing plans to invest more money in programming and return to the name Channel 5 with immediate effect , and it was relaunched on 14 February 2011 . On 1 May 2014 the channel was acquired by Viacom ( now ViacomCBS ) for £450 million ( US $ 759 million ) . Channel 5 is a general entertainment channel that shows both internally commissioned programmes such as Fifth Gear , Big Brother and Celebrity Big Brother , The Gadget Show , The Hotel Inspector , Ca n't Pay ? We 'll Take It Away ! and Gibraltar : Britain in the Sun and foreign programmes . The station has been very successful with imports from the United States in particular , including the CSI franchise , the NCIS franchise , the first three series in the Law & Order franchise , Power Rangers , The Mentalist , Body of Proof , Once Upon A Time , Dallas and Under the Dome ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chun_In-gee", "text": "Chun In-gee ( Korean : 전인지 , born 10 August 1994 ) , also known as In Gee Chun , is a South Korean professional golfer . She was born Gunsan in North Jeolla Province . She won the 2015 U.S. Women 's Open Golf Championship . She won the 2016 Evian Championship with a score of 21 under par , which is the lowest winning score in a major tournament for either men or women . In 2015 , Chun became the first player in history to win majors on three different tours in the same calendar year . On the KLPGA Tour she won two majors , the Hite Jinro Championship and the KB Financial Star Championship , on the JLPGA she also won two majors , the World Ladies Championship Salonpas Cup and the Japan Women 's Open Golf Championship , and on the LPGA Tour she won one major the U.S. Women 's Open . By virtue of winning the 2016 Evian Championship , she joined compatriot Se Ri Pak as the only two players in LPGA Tour history to win majors as their first two LPGA Tour titles . Chun represented Republic of Korea at the 2016 Rio Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bibiana_Ng_Pei_Chin", "text": "Pei Chin Bibiana ( Chinese : 黄佩琴 , born 16 June 1977 ) , in Langkawi , Malaysia . Pei has been a practicing shooter since 1994 and began competing in the same year . She competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi , Winning gold medal in 10m air pistol individual event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anurag_Singh_(director)", "text": "Anurag Singh is an Indian film director . He is a Mumbai-based film director and writer known for Kesari which is the biggest blockbuster of 2019 in the Bollywood industry as well as for Punjab 1984 , Jatt and Juliet Series and Yaar Annmulle . Jatt and Juliet series and Punjab 1984 are the top 3 highest grossers of Punjabi Cinema . He has also directed a Bollywood film Raqeeb which did n't do well at the box office . In 2005 , he was married to his childhood sweetheart Madhurjeet Sarghi , a theatre artist and an actress who also hails from Jalandhar . In 2016 Anurag and Sarghi were blessed with a baby boy named Shivaye Anurag Singh . Anurag has an elder brother named Armaan Singh who is a well known chief engineer in California , United States . Anurag gets to interact a lot with kids especially his nephews and nieces who live in Jalandhar . Anurag is likely to produce Shadaa which is releasing on 21 June 2019 and Puaada in 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hotel", "text": "A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging on a short-term basis . Facilities provided may range from a modest-quality mattress in a small room to large suites with bigger , higher-quality beds , a dresser , a refrigerator and other kitchen facilities , upholstered chairs , a flat screen television , and en-suite bathrooms . Small , lower-priced hotels may offer only the most basic guest services and facilities . Larger , higher-priced hotels may provide additional guest facilities such as a swimming pool , business centre ( with computers , printers , and other office equipment ) , childcare , conference and event facilities , tennis or basketball courts , gymnasium , restaurants , day spa , and social function services . Hotel rooms are usually numbered ( or named in some smaller hotels and B & Bs ) to allow guests to identify their room . Some boutique , high-end hotels have custom decorated rooms . Some hotels offer meals as part of a room and board arrangement . In the United Kingdom , a hotel is required by law to serve food and drinks to all guests within certain stated hours . [ citation needed ] In Japan , capsule hotels provide a tiny room suitable only for sleeping and shared bathroom facilities . The precursor to the modern hotel was the inn of medieval Europe . For a period of about 200 years from the mid-17th century , coaching inns served as a place for lodging for coach travelers . Inns began to cater to richer clients in the mid-18th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_RedHawks_baseball", "text": "The Miami RedHawks baseball team ( formerly the Miami Redskins ) is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Miami University in Oxford , Ohio , United States . The team is a member of the Mid-American Conference East division , which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I. Miami 's first baseball team was fielded in 1915 . The team plays its home games at McKie Field at Hayden Park in Oxford , Ohio . The RedHawks are coached by Dan Hayden , who was hired prior to the 2014 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Two_Mile_Ash", "text": "Two Mile Ash is a district in north west Milton Keynes , two miles south of Stony Stratford , just off Watling Street . The district was named after the Two Mile Ash toll gate on Watling Street . It is one of the larger districts , but a large part of its area is taken up by Abbey Hill , an 18-hole golf course . Consequently , many of the streets here are named after famous golf courses . The district was one of the first to be built in the ( mainly ) private housing period of the development of Milton Keynes . It is in Bradwell civil parish . The main spine of the area is The High Street with facilities running off it . Three other main roads are named Church Hill , Clay Hill and Corn Hill , all of which provide exits from the district . Fairways is another exit road , which lies near the Abbey Hill Golf Course . Two Mile Ash provides space for one half of this course , the other half is in neighbouring Kiln Farm , accessed by a foot bridge . There is a lot of variety in the housing . There is a scheme of Findlandia super-insulated houses in Calewen and some very distinctive shared ownership homes in the High Street ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tegla_Loroupe", "text": "Tegla Chepkite Loroupe ( born 9 May 1973 ) is a Kenyan long-distance track and road runner . She is also a global spokeswoman for peace , women 's rights and education . Loroupe holds the world records for 25 and 30 kilometres and previously held the world marathon record . She was the first African woman to hold the marathon World Record , which she held from 19 April 1998 until 30 September 2001 . She is the three-time World Half-Marathon champion . Loroupe was also the first woman from Africa to win the New York City Marathon , which she has won twice . She has won marathons in London , Rotterdam , Hong Kong , Berlin and Rome . In 2016 , she was the person organising the Refugee Team for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ambareesh", "text": "Malavalli Huchche Gowda Amarnath ( 29 May 1952 - 24 November 2018 ) , known by his screen name Ambareesh , was an Indian actor , media personality and politician from the State of Karnataka . Alongside Rajkumar and Vishnuvardhan , he is counted in Kannada cinema 's triumvirate as its most celebrated actors . With his debut in Puttanna Kanagal 's National Award winning Kannada film Naagarahaavu ( 1972 ) , Ambareesh 's acting career commenced with a brief phase of portraying antagonistic and supporting characters . After establishing himself as a lead actor portraying rebellious characters on screen in a number of commercially successful films , he earned the moniker rebel star . He also earned the nickname Mandyada Gandu ( English : Man of Mandya ) and continues to hold a matinee idol status in the popular culture of Karnataka . After joining politics in 1994 , Ambareesh became a three-time member of the Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Indian Parliament representing Mandya , first from Janata Dal and the latter two times from the Indian National Congress , a member of which he remained till his death . During the third term , he briefly served as the Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting , between October 2006 and February 2007 , as part of the First Manmohan Singh ministry . Between 2013 and 2016 , he was a member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly and served as the Minister of Housing during the time as part of the Siddaramaiah cabinet . Besides winning many State Film awards and Filmfare Awards South during his acting career , Ambareesh was honoured with the honorary doctorate by the Karnatak University in 2013 . He is also a recipient NTR National Award , Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award - South and Dr. Vishnuvardhan Award , all awarded recognizing lifetime achievements and contribution to cinema . Having suffered from a breathing problem starting 2014 , Ambareesh died four years later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Zorro_(wrestler)", "text": "La Parka Negra redirects here , for other uses please see La Parka ( disambiguation )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Nyköping", "text": "Nyköping ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈnŷːˌɕøːpɪŋ ] ) is a locality and the seat of Nyköping Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden with 32,759 inhabitants as of 2017 . The city is also the capital of Södermanland County . Including Arnö , the locality on the southern shore of the bay just a couple of kilometres from the city centre , Nyköping would have 33,762 inhabitants according to the same SCB source . Commonly , Arnö is referred to as a part of the city proper . It forms a wider conurbation with the neighbouring minor municipality and town of Oxelösund 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) south of its outskirts . Nyköping literally translates as Newmarket into English . The prefix Ny is translated as New and köping is an old Swedish word for a market place and a commonly used suffix for cities in the south central region of the country . The city is located near the open Baltic Sea coast , and is regarded as a coastal location . Nyköping is also the home of Stockholm Skavsta Airport which is located less than 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from the city centre . Nyköping is part of the wider area of the Mälaren Valley , located around 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) from inner Stockholm . It retains an oceanic/continental climate hybrid , causing warm summers and snowy winters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1930_in_aviation", "text": "This is a list of aviation-related events from 1930 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_I_independent_schools_(basketball)", "text": "In American college sports , NCAA Division I independent schools are four-year institutions that do not belong to a conference for a particular sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Paulo", "text": "São Paulo ( /ˌsaʊ ˈpaʊloʊ/ ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w̃ ˈpawlu ] ( listen ) ) is a municipality in the Southeast Region of Brazil . The metropolis is an alpha global city ( as listed by the GaWC ) and the most populous city in Brazil , the Western Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere , besides being the largest Portuguese-speaking city in the world . The municipality is also the world 's 12th largest city proper by population . The city is the capital of the surrounding state of São Paulo , the most populous and wealthiest state in Brazil . It exerts strong international influences in commerce , finance , arts and entertainment . The name of the city honors the Apostle , Saint Paul of Tarsus . The city 's metropolitan area , the Greater São Paulo , ranks as the most populous in Brazil and the 12th most populous on Earth . The process of conurbation between the metropolitan areas located around the Greater São Paulo ( Campinas , Santos , Sorocaba and the Paraíba Valley ) created the São Paulo Macrometropolis , a megalopolis with more than 30 million inhabitants , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . Having the largest economy by GDP in Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere , the city is home to the São Paulo Stock Exchange . Paulista Avenue is the economic core of São Paulo . The city has the 11th largest GDP in the world , representing alone 10.7% of all Brazilian GDP and 36% of the production of goods and services in the state of São Paulo , being home to 63% of established multinationals in Brazil , and has been responsible for 28% of the national scientific production in 2005 . The metropolis is also home to several of the tallest skyscrapers in Brazil , including the Mirante do Vale , Edifício Itália , Banespa , North Tower and many others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norris_McWhirter", "text": "Norris Dewar McWhirter ( 12 August 192519 April 2004 ) was a British writer , political activist , co-founder of The Freedom Association , and a television presenter . He and his twin brother Ross were known internationally for the founding of Guinness World Records ( as The Guinness Book of Records ) which they wrote and annually updated together between 1955 and 1975 . After Ross 's assassination by the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) , Norris carried on alone as editor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asingan,_Pangasinan", "text": "Asingan , officially the Municipality of Asingan , ( Pangasinan : Baley na Asingan ; Ilocano : Ili ti Asingan ; Tagalog : Bayan ng Asingan ) , is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Pangasinan , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 57,355 people . It is the hometown of President Fidel V. Ramos , the 12th President of the Philippines ( 1992-1998 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CSI:_NY_(season_3)", "text": "The third season of CSI : NY originally aired on CBS between September 2006 and May 2007 . It consisted of 24 episodes . Its regular time slot continued on Wednesdays at 10pm/9c . Episode 22 , Cold Reveal , crossed over with a visiting character from Cold Case . CSI : NY The Complete Third Season was released on DVD in the U.S. on October 9 , 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toyota_Racing_(Formula_One_team)", "text": "Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota Motor Corporation and based in Cologne , Germany . Toyota announced their plans to participate in Formula One in 1999 , and after extensive testing with their initial car , dubbed the TF101 , the team made their debut in 2002 . The new team grew from Toyota 's long-standing Toyota Motorsport GmbH organisation , which had previously competed in the World Rally Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans . Despite a point in their first-ever race , Toyota never won a Grand Prix , their best finish being 2nd position , which they achieved five times . Toyota drew criticism for their lack of success , as they never managed to win with one of the sport 's biggest budgets . Toyota was a well-funded team , but despite this , strong results had never been consistent . On 4 November 2009 , Toyota announced its immediate withdrawal from Formula One , ending the team 's involvement in the sport after eight consecutive seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gorefield", "text": "Gorefield is a village and civil parish in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire , England . At the time of the 2001 census , the parish 's population was 1,064 people , increasing to 1,184 at the 2011 Census . While the name Gorefield first appears in a manuscript from 1190 , the village has no visible link to its pre-Victorian past . [ citation needed ] Gorefield as a developing village dates to the 19th and 20th centuries . [ citation needed ] The Church of St Paul was built in 1870 at a cost of £2,000 with the formation of the ecclesiastical parish of Gorefield from Leverington under the Leverington Rectory Act . [ page needed ] In 2004 , Gorefield won the Fenland District Award in the Cambridgeshire Village of the Year contest . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Bridgend_Engine_Plant", "text": "The Ford Bridgend Engine Plant is a manufacturing facility of Ford of Europe , located in Bridgend , Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marie_Severin", "text": "Marie Severin ( /məˈriː ˈsɛvərɪn/ ; August 21 , 1929 - August 29 , 2018 ) was an American comics artist and colorist best known for her work for Marvel Comics and the 1950s ' EC Comics . She is an inductee of the Will Eisner Comics Hall of Fame and the Harvey Awards Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orange_Walk_People's_Stadium", "text": "Orange Walk People 's Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Orange Walk , Belize . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium to Juventus in the Belize Premier Football League of the Football Federation of Belize as well as horse racing and tennis practices . In this stadium is where the annual Cashew Fest is held . Before 2011 , it also served as the home stadium to San Felipe Barcelona , also in BPFL . The stadium holds 4,500 people . Coordinates : 18°04′59″N 88°34′13″W / 18.08306°N 88.57028°W / 18.08306 ; -88.57028"}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_nuclear_test_No._6", "text": "Test No . 6 is the codename for China 's first test of a three-staged thermonuclear device and , also its sixth nuclear weapons test ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slovakia", "text": "Slovakia ( /sloʊˈvækiə , -ˈvɑːk-/ ( listen ) ; Slovak : Slovensko [ ˈslɔʋɛnskɔ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Slovak Republic ( Slovak : Slovenská republika , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked country in the eastern part of Central Europe . It is bordered by Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east , Hungary to the south , Austria to the southwest , and the Czech Republic to the northwest . Slovakia 's territory spans about 49,000 square kilometres ( 19,000 sq mi ) and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5.6 million and consists mostly of Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava , and the second-largest city is Košice . The official language is Slovak . The Slavs arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries . In the 7th century they played a significant role in the creation of Samo 's Empire and in the 9th century established the Principality of Nitra , which was later conquered by the Principality of Moravia to establish Great Moravia . In the 10th century , after the dissolution of Great Moravia , the territory was integrated into the Principality of Hungary , which would become the Kingdom of Hungary in 1000 . In 1241 and 1242 , much of the territory was destroyed by the Mongols during their invasion of Central and Eastern Europe . The area was recovered largely thanks to Béla IV of Hungary who also settled Germans who became an important ethnic group in the area , especially in what are today parts of central and eastern Slovakia . After World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the Czechoslovak National Council established Czechoslovakia ( 1918-1939 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LSU_Tigers", "text": "The LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers are the athletic teams representing Louisiana State University ( LSU ) , a public four-year coeducational university located in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . LSU competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) as a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . Based on winning percentage , the university 's athletics program is consistently one of the best in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kilwinning", "text": "Kilwinning ( /kɪlˈwɪnɪŋ/ , Scottish Gaelic : Cill DFhinnein ) is a town in North Ayrshire , Scotland . It is on the River Garnock , north of Irvine , about 21 miles ( 34 km ) south of Glasgow . It is known as The Crossroads of Ayrshire . Kilwinning was also a Civil Parish . The 2001 Census recorded the town as having a population of 15,908 . At the 2011 Census , Kilwinning had a population of 21,456 . Kilwinning is a mainly affluent town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season ended with a split national championship and the ensuing controversy helped lead to the creation of the Bowl Coalition , a precursor to the Bowl Championship Series . The national title was split between the Colorado Buffaloes and the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets . The Buffaloes ( 11-1-1 ) took the AP poll while the Yellow Jackets ( 11-0-1 ) took the UPI Coaches poll by one vote over Colorado , 847 to 846 . During the season Colorado had a particularly controversial victory over Missouri in what would later be known as the Fifth Down Game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kankakee_County,_Illinois", "text": "Kankakee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it has a population of 113,449 . Its county seat is Kankakee . Kankakee County comprises the Kankakee , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vitória_Futebol_Clube_(ES)", "text": "Vitória Futebol Clube , usually known simply as Vitória ( or as Vitória-ES ) is a traditional Brazilian football club from Vitória , Espírito Santo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Annemasse_Aerodrome", "text": "Annemasse Aerodrome or Marcel Bruchon Aerodrome ( French : Aérodrome d'Annemasse ) ( ICAO : LFLI ) , is an airport in Annemasse , a commune in Haute-Savoie , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franklin_College_(Yale_University)", "text": "Benjamin Franklin College is a residential college for undergraduates of Yale College in New Haven , Connecticut . It opened to students for the 2017 academic year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potosi,_Missouri", "text": "Potosi is a city in Washington County , Missouri , United States . Potosi is seventy-two miles southwest of St. Louis . The population was 2,660 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Washington County . The city was founded sometime between 1760 and 1780 as Mine à Breton or Mine au Breton , and later renamed by Moses Austin for the Bolivian silver-mining city of Potosí ."}
{"title": "/wiki/European_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The European Masters is a professional ranking snooker tournament that has been staged periodically since 1989 as the European Open . Between 2005 and 2008 it was known as the Malta Cup and was the sole ranking tournament in Europe outside the British Isles , before being discontinued . In 2016 , the event was resurrected and rebranded the European Masters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina_Highway_12", "text": "North Carolina Highway 12 ( NC 12 ) is a 148.0-mile-long ( 238.2 km ) primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina , linking the peninsulas and islands of the northern Outer Banks . Most sections of NC 12 are two lanes wide , and there are also two North Carolina Ferry System routes which maintain continuity of the route as it traverses the Outer Banks region . NC 12 is part of the Outer Banks Scenic Byway , a National Scenic Byway . The first NC 12 appeared on the 1924 North Carolina Official Map and at its height ran from NC 30 in Pollocksville to NC 48 near Murfreesboro . Over time it was replaced by both U.S. Route 258 ( US 258 ) and NC 58 and ceased to exist in 1958 . The current NC 12 first appeared on the 1964 state highway map running from US 158 in Nags Head to Ocracoke . In 1976 NC 12 was extended to US 70 on the mainland and in 1987 was extended north to Corolla ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Slade_(basketball)", "text": "Jeffrey Alan Jeff Slade ( March 1 , 1941 - February 11 , 2012 ) was an American professional basketball player . He played in three games for the Chicago Zephyrs of the NBA in the beginning of the 1962-63 after being selected by them in the 1962 NBA draft . He scored four total points in his career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bertogne", "text": "Bertogne is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg . On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 91.67 km² , had 3,002 inhabitants , giving a population density of 32.7 inhabitants per km² . The municipality consists of the following sub-municipalities : Bertogne proper , Flamierge , and Longchamps . Other population centers include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/29th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 29th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24 , 1987 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles , California . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Paul Simon won Album of the Year for Graceland , and Burt Bacharach and Carole Bayer Sager won Song of the Year for That 's What Friends Are For ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norway", "text": "Norway ( Norwegian : Norge ( Bokmål ) or Noreg ( Nynorsk ) ; Northern Sami : Norga ; Lule Sami : Vuodna ; Southern Sami : Nöörje ) , officially the Kingdom of Norway , is a Nordic country in Northwestern Europe whose territory comprises the western and northernmost portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula ; the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard are also part of the Kingdom of Norway . [ note 2 ] The sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island is a dependent territory and thus not considered part of the kingdom . Norway also lays claim to the Antarctic territories of Queen Maud Land and Peter I Island . Norway has a total area of 385,207 square kilometres ( 148,729 sq mi ) and a population of 5,312,300 ( as of August 2018 ) . The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden ( 1,619 km or 1,006 mi long ) . Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east , and the Skagerrak strait to the south , with Denmark on the other side . Norway has an extensive coastline , facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea . The maritime influence also dominates Norway 's climate with mild lowland temperatures on the sea coasts , whereas the interior , while colder , is also a lot milder than areas elsewhere in the world on such northerly latitudes . Even during polar night in the north , temperatures above freezing are commonplace on the coastline . The maritime influence brings high rainfall and snowfall to some areas of the country . Harald V of the House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway . Erna Solberg has been prime minister since 2013 when she replaced Jens Stoltenberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sri_Ganganagar", "text": "Sri Ganganagar is a planned city and the northern-most city of the Indian state of Rajasthan , near the borders of Haryana and Punjab states and the international border of India and Pakistan . It is the administrative headquarters of Sri Ganganagar district . It is named after Maharaja Shri Ganga Singh Bahadur , Maharaja of Bikaner . It is known as the food basket of Rajasthan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edmund_Muskie", "text": "Edmund Sixtus Muskie [ a ] ( March 28 , 1914 - March 26 , 1996 ) was an American politician who served as the 58th United States Secretary of State under President Jimmy Carter , a United States Senator from Maine from 1959 to 1980 , the 64th Governor of Maine from 1955 to 1959 , a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1946 to 1951 , and the Democratic Party 's candidate for Vice President of the United States in the 1968 election . Born in Rumford , Maine , he worked as a lawyer for two years before serving in the United States Naval Reserve from 1942 to 1945 during World War II . Upon his return , Muskie served in the Maine State Legislature from 1946 to 1951 , and unsuccessfully ran for the mayor of Waterville . Muskie was elected the 64th Governor of Maine in 1954 under a reform platform as the first Maine Democratic Party governor in almost 100 years . Muskie pressed for economic expansionism and instated environmental provisions . Muskie was elected to the Senate in 1959 . As an environmentalist , he helped pass the Clean Air Act of 1970 , and introduced the Clean Water Act of 1972 . Muskie also supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the creation of Martin Luther King Jr. Day . Muskie supported New Federalism in opposition to Richard Nixon . Muskie ran alongside Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in the 1968 presidential election , losing the popular vote by 0.7 percentage points ( 42.72% vs. 43.42% ) and losing the electoral college vote by 301 to 191"}
{"title": "/wiki/Shanghai_International_Port_Group_F.C.", "text": "Shanghai SIPG F.C . ( Chinese : 上海上港 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Shànggǎng ; Shanghainese pronunciation : [ zɑ̃.hɛ.zɑ̃.ɡã ] ; ) or SIPG FC is a professional football club that participates in the Chinese Super League under licence from the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) . The team is based in Pudong , Shanghai , and their home stadium is the Yuanshen Sports Centre Stadium , which has a seating capacity of 16,000 . The club plans to move to the currently under construction Pudong Football Stadium in 2021 . Their owners are the Chinese group Shanghai International Port Group ( SIPG ) . The club was founded on 25 December 2005 , as Shanghai Dongya FC ( Dongya , Chinese : 东亚 ; pinyin : Dōngyà ; literally : 'East Asia ' ) by former Chinese international footballer coach Xu Genbao . The club used graduates from Genbao Football Base , a football academy also founded by Xu , to form their first team as they made their debut in the third tier of China 's football league pyramid in the 2006 league season . They worked their way up to the top tier and finished as league champions for the first time in the 2018 Chinese Super League season . According to Forbes , Shanghai SIPG F.C . are the third-most valuable football club in China , with a club value of $ 159 million , and an estimated revenue of $ 37 million in 2015 . According to the annual report of the parent company , the football club had a revenue of CN¥565.7 million in 2015 financial year , as well as net loss of CN¥41.5 million , total assets of CN¥286.8 million , net assets of CN¥59.7 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oceans_Apart", "text": "Oceans Apart is the ninth and final studio album by The Go-Betweens , released in 2005 . All the songs were written by Grant McLennan and Robert Forster . The album was recorded at the Good Luck Studios in London between November 2004 through to January 2005 , except for Boundary Rider which was recorded at The White Room Recording Studio in Brisbane ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corey_Haim", "text": "Corey Ian Haim ( December 23 , 1971 - March 10 , 2010 ) was a Canadian actor . He starred in a number of 1980s films , such as Lucas , Silver Bullet , Murphy 's Romance , License to Drive and Dream a Little Dream . His role alongside Corey Feldman in The Lost Boys made Haim a household name . Known as The Two Coreys , the duo became 1980s icons and appeared together in seven movies , later starring in the A & E American reality show The Two Coreys . Haim 's early success led to money and fame . He had difficulties breaking away from his experience as a teen actor , and was troubled by drug addiction throughout his later career . He died of pneumonia on March 10 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myanmar", "text": "Myanmar ( English pronunciation below ; Burmese : မြန်မာ , [ mjəmà ] ) [ nb 1 ] or Burma ( see §Etymology ) , officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar [ nb 2 ] , is a country in Southeast Asia . Myanmar is bordered by Bangladesh and India to its northwest , China to its northeast , Laos and Thailand to its east and southeast , and the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal to its south and southwest . With a size of 676,578 square kilometres ( 261,228 square miles ) , Myanmar is the largest of the Mainland Southeast Asian states by area . As of 2017 , the population is about 54 million . Its capital city is Naypyidaw , and its largest city is Yangon ( Rangoon ) . Myanmar has been a member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) since 1997 . Early civilisations in Myanmar included the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu city-states in Upper Burma and the Mon kingdoms in Lower Burma . In the 9th century , the Bamar people entered the upper Irrawaddy valley and , following the establishment of the Pagan Kingdom in the 1050s , the Burmese language , culture and Theravada Buddhism slowly became dominant in the country . The Pagan Kingdom fell due to the Mongol invasions and several warring states emerged . In the 16th century , reunified by the Taungoo dynasty , the country was for a brief period the largest empire in the history of Mainland Southeast Asia . The early 19th century Konbaung dynasty ruled over an area that included modern Myanmar and briefly controlled Manipur and Assam as well . The British East India Company seized control of the administration of Myanmar after three Anglo-Burmese Wars in the 19th century and the country became a British colony ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_spacewalkers", "text": "This is a list of all astronauts who have engaged in an EVA by partly or fully leaving a spacecraft , exclusive of extravehicular activity on the lunar surface . It is ordered chronologically by the date of first spacewalk . For a list of astronauts who have performed lunar EVA ( moonwalks ) see List of Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon . For the 2017 docudrama film , see Spacewalker . The following 11 countries have flown spacewalkers : United States of America 129 , Russia ( formerly Soviet Union ) 63 , Canada , France 4 , Germany and Japan 3 each , China 2 , Italy , Switzerland , Sweden and Great Britain 1 each . [ needs update ] There have been 15 women who have taken part in an EVA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Wilmet", "text": "Jonathan Wilmet ( born 7 January 1986 in Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve ) is a Belgian football midfielder . He currently plays for Deinze in the Belgian Second Division , on loan from Waasland-Beveren ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gymnastics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , two gymnastics events were contested . No nation was successful in winning more than one medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nagahama,_Shiga", "text": "Nagahama ( 長浜市 , Nagahama-shi ) is a city located in Shiga Prefecture , Japan on the northeastern shore of Lake Biwa . The city center was developed and renamed by Toyotomi Hideyoshi when Hideyoshi moved the center of his administration from Odani Castle . Kunitomo ( 国友 ) , the northeast of the city center , had been known for the production of arquebuses and guns since 1544 . As of October 1 , 2016 , the city has an estimated population of 119,043 and a population density of 170 persons per km² . The total area is 680.79 km² . The current city is now historically located within three former districts ; Sakata District , Higashiazai District and Ika District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Axel_Cadier", "text": "Axel Vilhelm Teodor Cadier ( 13 September 1906 - 29 October 1974 ) was a Swedish wrestler . He competed in Greco-Roman events at the 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics and won a bronze and a gold medal , respectively . Cadier first trained in swimming and boxing , but changed to wrestling at the age 21 . Besides his Olympic medals he won four European and 11 national titles in Greco-Roman and freestyle wrestling ( 1934-1942 ; 6 in Greco-Roman , 5 in freestyle ) . In the 1940s-1950s he wrestled professionally in North America . After that he trained the Norwegian national team and worked as an instructor at the French State Sports Institute ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trapani_Calcio", "text": "Trapani Calcio , commonly referred to as Trapani , is an Italian football club based in Trapani , Sicily . It currently plays in Serie B . They are nicknamed the Granata ( the Maroons ) , after their kit colour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warwickshire", "text": "Warwickshire ( /ˈwɒrɪkʃər , -ʃɪər/ ( listen ) ; abbreviated Warks ) is a county in the West Midlands region of England . The county town is Warwick , and the largest town is Nuneaton . The county is famous for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare . The county is divided into five districts of North Warwickshire , Nuneaton and Bedworth , Rugby , Warwick and Stratford-on-Avon . The current county boundaries were set in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 . The historic county boundaries include Coventry , Sutton Coldfield and Solihull , as well as much of Birmingham ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 1988 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XVes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , was a multi-sport event celebrated in and around Calgary , Alberta , Canada , between February 13 and 28 , 1988 and were the first Winter Olympics to be held over a whole two week period . The host city was selected in 1981 over Falun , Sweden , and Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy . Most events took place in Calgary while several skiing events were held in the mountain resorts of Nakiska and Canmore , west of the city . A then-record 57 nations competed and 1,423 athletes participated . As it had in Montreal in 1976 , Canada again failed to win a gold medal in an official medal event as the host nation . Finnish ski jumper Matti Nykänen and Dutch speed skater Yvonne van Gennip were individual medal leaders with each winning three gold medals . The games are also remembered for the heroic failure of British ski jumper Eddie The Eagle Edwards , and the Winter Olympic début of the Jamaica national bobsled team , both of which would be subjects of major feature films about their participation in the games . The Calgary games were at the time one of the most expensive Olympics ever held , but the organizing committee turned record television and sponsorship revenue into a net surplus that was used to maintain the facilities built for the Olympics and develop the Calgary region into the heart of Canada 's elite winter sports program . The five purpose-built venues continue to be used in their original functions , and have helped the country develop into one of the top nations in Winter Olympic competition ; Canada more than quintupled the five medals it won in Calgary at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mbaye_Diagne_(footballer)", "text": "Mbaye Diagne ( born 28 October 1991 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Club Brugge on loan from Galatasaray and the Senegal national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aspull,_Greater_Manchester", "text": "Aspull is a village in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan , in Greater Manchester , England . Historically in Lancashire , Aspull , along with Haigh , is surrounded by greenbelt and agricultural land , separated from Westhoughton , on its southeast side , by a brook running through Borsdane Wood . The ground rises from south to north , reaching 400 feet ( 122 m ) , and has views towards Winter Hill and the West Pennine Moors . It has a population of 4,977 . Aspull was once a centre of mining and textile manufacture , though little evidence of this can be seen in the village today . Haigh Country Park estate lies to the west ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Centralia,_Washington", "text": "Centralia ( /sɛnˈtreɪliə/ ) is a city in Lewis County , Washington , United States . The population was 16,336 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ludlow_Massacre", "text": "The Ludlow Massacre was a domestic massacre resulting from strike-breaking . The Colorado National Guard and Colorado Fuel and Iron Company guards attacked a tent colony of 1,200 striking coal miners and their families in Ludlow , Colorado , on April 20 , 1914 , with the National Guard using machine guns to fire into the colony . Approximately 21 people , including miners ' wives and children , were killed . The chief owner of the mine , John D. Rockefeller , Jr. , was widely criticized for having orchestrated the massacre . The massacre , the seminal event of the Colorado Coal Wars , resulted in the deaths of an estimated 21 people ; accounts vary . Ludlow was the deadliest single incident in the southern Colorado Coal Strike , which lasted from September 1913 to December 1914 . The strike was organized by the miners against coal mining companies in Colorado . The three largest companies involved were Colorado Fuel & Iron Company , owned by the powerful Rockefeller family ; Rocky Mountain Fuel Company , and Victor-American Fuel Company . In retaliation for the massacre at Ludlow , the miners armed themselves and attacked dozens of anti-union establishments over the next ten days , destroying property and engaging in several skirmishes with the Colorado National Guard along a 40-mile front from Trinidad to Walsenburg . An estimated 69 to 199 deaths occurred during the strike . Historian Thomas G. Andrews has called it the deadliest strike in the history of the United States , and it is commonly known as the Colorado Coalfield War . The Ludlow Massacre was a watershed moment in American labor relations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Narrow_gauge_railways", "text": "A narrow-gauge railway ( narrow-gauge railroad in the US ) is a railway with a track gauge narrower than standard 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) . Most narrow-gauge railways are between 600 mm ( 1 ft 11 5⁄8 in ) and 1,067 mm ( 3 ft 6 in ) . Since narrow-gauge railways are usually built with tighter curves , smaller structure gauges , and lighter rails , they can be less costly to build , equip , and operate than standard- or broad-gauge railways ( particularly in mountainous or difficult terrain ) . Lower-cost narrow-gauge railways are often built to serve industries and communities where the traffic potential would not justify the cost of a standard- or broad-gauge line . Narrow-gauge railways have specialized use in mines and other environments where a small structure gauge necessitates a small loading gauge . They also have more general applications . Non-industrial , narrow-gauge mountain railways are ( or were ) common in the Rocky Mountains of the United States and the Pacific Cordillera of Canada , Mexico , Switzerland , the former Yugoslavia , Greece , and Costa Rica . In some countries , narrow gauge is the standard ; Japan , Indonesia , Taiwan , New Zealand , South Africa , and the Australian states of Queensland , Western Australia and Tasmania have a 3 ft 6 in ( 1,067 mm ) gauge , and Malaysia and Thailand have metre-gauge railways . Narrow-gauge trams , particularly metre-gauge , are common in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angrej", "text": "Angrej ( lit . Englishman ) is a 2015 Indian Punjabi-language historical romance film directed by Simerjit Singh . Co-produced by Aman Khatkar 's Arsara Films , Dara Productions , J Studios , and Rhythm Boyz Entertainment , it stars Amrinder Gill , Sargun Mehta , and Aditi Sharma in lead roles . Set against the backdrop of the waning British Raj , the film chronicles the love story of a young man and a woman belonging to different social strata . Angrej has Ammy Virk , Binnu Dhillon , Anita Devgan , Sardar Sohi , and Nirmal Rishi in supporting roles ; it marked the feature film debut for Mehta and Virk . Conceived as a romantic comedy set in the pre-partitioned Punjab , Angrej 's story was written by Amberdeep Singh , who had always wanted to work on a period film about Punjabi culture . The film was shot in the rural parts of Rajasthan and Punjab over 40 days , with Navneet Misser serving as the cinematographer . Production designer Raashid Rangrez paid particular attention to the film 's sets and costumes as he wanted them to represent the Punjab of the 1940s accurately . Jatinder Shah composed the film 's soundtrack , which features vocals from Gill , Virk and Sunidhi Chauhan . Angrej was released theatrically on 31 July 2015 ; it received a positive response from film critics and audience alike . The performances of the cast , the production design , and the humour were chiefly praised . Commercially , Angrej grossed a total of around ₹307 million in its theatrical run and became one of the highest-grossing Punjabi films of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thompson_Airport", "text": "Thompson Municipal Airport ( IATA : YTH , ICAO : CYTH ) is an airport in Mystery Lake located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north of Thompson , Manitoba , Canada . It is the third-busiest airport in Manitoba after Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport and Winnipeg/St . Andrews Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terry_Fator", "text": "Terry Wayne Fator ( /ˈfeɪtər/ ; born June 10 , 1965 ) is an American ventriloquist , impressionist , stand-up comedian , and singer from Dallas , Texas . Fator does ventriloquial impersonations , and uses 15 different puppets in his act . He was the winner of season two of America 's Got Talent , and received the million dollar prize . The following year , he was signed on as the headliner at The Mirage hotel and casino in Las Vegas , Nevada with a five-year , $ 100 million contract ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lansdowne_(electoral_district)", "text": "Lansdowne is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba , Canada . It was created for the 1888 provincial election , and eliminated with the 1958 election . Lansdowne was a rural constituency in the province 's southwestern corner . For almost its entire history , it was considered safe for the Liberal Party and its successor , the Liberal-Progressive Party . Only two non-Liberals were ever elected for the division , and both were defeated after a single term . Tobias Norris , who served as Premier of Manitoba from 1915 to 1922 , represented Lansdowne in the provincial legislature for twenty-one years . After its elimination , parts of Lansdowne were included in the new constituency of Souris-Lansdowne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-62_(1970-present)", "text": "VP-62 is a Patrol Squadron of the United States Navy Reserve . The squadron was established on 1 November 1970 . It is the fourth squadron to be designated VP-62 , the first VP-62 was disestablished on 1 July 1943 , the second VP-62 was redesignated VPB-62 on 1 October 1944 and the third VP-62 was disestablished on 30 January 1950 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huang_Chung-yi", "text": "Huang Chung-yi ( Chinese : 黃忠義 ; pinyin : Huáng Zhōngyì ; born 12 October 1967 in Hualien County , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese retired baseball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richfield,_Ohio", "text": "Richfield is a village in Summit County , Ohio , United States . The population was 3,648 at the 2010 census . The village and the adjacent Richfield Township are approximately equidistant between the downtown areas of Akron and Cleveland . It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area . Richfield is the sister city of Wolfach , Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California_Golden_Bears_football", "text": "The California Golden Bears football program represents the University of California , Berkeley , in college football as a member of the Pac-12 Conference at the NCAA Division I FBS level . The team plays its home games at California Memorial Stadium and is coached by Justin Wilcox . Since beginning of play in 1886 , the team has won five NCAA recognized national titles - 1920 , 1921 , 1922 , 1923 , and 1937 and 14 conference championships , the last one in 2006 . It has also produced what are considered to be two of the oddest and most memorable plays in college football : Roy Wrong Way Riegels ' fumble recovery at the 1929 Rose Bowl and The Play kickoff return in the 1982 Big Game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McAfee", "text": "McAfee , LLC ( /ˈmækəfiː/ ; formerly known as McAfee Associates , Inc. in 1987-2014 and Intel Security Group in 2014-2017 ) is an American global computer security software company headquartered in Santa Clara , California and claims to be the world 's largest dedicated technology security company . The company was purchased by Intel in February 2011 , and became part of the Intel Security division . On September 7 , 2016 , Intel announced a strategic deal with TPG Capital to convert Intel Security into a joint venture between both companies called McAfee . That deal closed on April 3 , 2017 . Thoma Bravo took a minority stake in the new company , and Intel maintains a 49% stake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sutton_Bridge", "text": "Sutton Bridge is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated on the A17 road , 7 miles ( 11 km ) north from Wisbech and 9 miles ( 14 km ) west from King 's Lynn . The village includes a commercial dock on the west bank of the River Nene over which spans a swing bridge , and the parish , two 19th-century lighthouses 3 miles ( 5 km ) to the north from the village on the river Nene ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fried_Green_Tomatoes", "text": "Fried Green Tomatoes is a 1991 American comedy-drama film based on the novel Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe by Fannie Flagg . Directed by Jon Avnet and written by Flagg and Carol Sobieski , it stars Kathy Bates , Jessica Tandy , Mary Stuart Masterson , and Mary-Louise Parker . It tells the story of a Depression-era relationship between two women , Ruth and Idgie , and a 1980s friendship between Evelyn , a middle-aged housewife , and Ninny , an elderly woman . The centerpiece and parallel story concerns the murder of Ruth 's abusive husband , Frank , and the accusations that follow . Released December 27 , 1991 , the film received a generally positive reception from critics and grossed $ 119 million worldwide . It was nominated for two Oscars at the 64th Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actress ( Tandy ) and Best Adapted Screenplay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pankaj_Batra", "text": "Pankaj Batra is an Indian film director . Batra comes from Chandigarh in India . He has more than 10 years of experience as a director in Indian cinema . He is working in Punjabi cinema , from 2005 . Batra is a Mumbai-based film director known for Sajjan Singh Rangroot Starring ( Diljit Dosanjh ) , Bambukat Starring ( Ammy Virk ) , Goreyan Nu Daffa Karo Starring ( Amrinder Gill ) , Naughty Jatts , and Dildariyaan . In 2017 he released his film Channa Mereya ( film ) starring Ninja , Payal Rajput , Amrit Maan , Karamjit Anmol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gants_Hill_tube_station", "text": "Gants Hill is a London Underground station in the largely residential Gants Hill district of Ilford in East London . It is served by the Central line and is between Redbridge and Newbury Park stations on the Hainault loop . It is in Travelcard Zone 4 . It is the easternmost station to be below ground on the London Underground network and the busiest on the Hainault loop . The station ticket hall is located beneath Gants Hill roundabout and reached via pedestrian subways . It opened on 14 December 1947 as an extension of the Central line to form the new part of the Hainault loop . The station is known for its distinctive architecture featuring barrel-vaulted halls at platform level designed by Charles Holden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Hawaii", "text": "The University of Hawaiʻi system ( formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as UH ) is a public college and university system that confers associate , bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees through three university campuses , seven community college campuses , an employment training center , three university centers , four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the state of Hawaiʻi in the United States . All schools of the University of Hawaiʻi system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . The U.H . system 's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franz_Peter_Wirth", "text": "Franz Peter Wirth ( 22 September 1919 in Munich - 17 October 1999 in Berg , Upper Bavaria ) was a German film director and screenwriter . His film Helden was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1958 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Juan_Bosco_Canton", "text": "San Juan Bosco Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Morona-Santiago Province . Its capital is the town of San Juan Bosco . Its population at the 2001 census was 3,131 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finland", "text": "Finland ( Finnish : Suomi [ ˈsuo̯mi ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Finland [ ˈfɪ̌nland ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈfinlɑnd ] ) , officially the Republic of Finland ( Finnish : Suomen tasavalta , Swedish : Republiken Finland ( listen to all ) ) , [ note 1 ] is a Nordic country in Northern Europe bordering the Baltic Sea , Gulf of Bothnia , and Gulf of Finland , between Sweden to the west , Russia to the east , Estonia to the south , and north-eastern Norway to the north . The capital and largest city is Helsinki . Other major cities are Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Oulu , Turku , Jyväskylä , Lahti and Kuopio . Finland 's population is 5.52 million as of July 2019 , the majority of whom live in the central and south of the country and speak Finnish , a Finnic language from the Uralic language family , unrelated to the Scandinavian languages . Finland is the eighth-largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union . It is a parliamentary republic of 310 municipalities , and includes an autonomous region , the Åland Islands . Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area , which produces one third of the country 's GDP . Swedish is the second official language of Finland , which is mainly spoken in certain coastal areas and on Åland . A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church . Finland was inhabited when the last ice age ended , approximately 9000 BC . Comb Ceramic culture introduced pottery 5200 BC and Corded Ware culture coincided with the start of agriculture between 3000 and 2500 BC . The Bronze Age and Iron Age were characterised by extensive contacts with other cultures in the Fennoscandian and Baltic regions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Theodore_S._Weiss", "text": "Theodore S. Weiss ( September 17 , 1927 - September 14 , 1992 ) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from New York serving from 1977 until his death from heart failure in New York City in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Undisclosed", "text": "Undisclosed Desires ( also known as Undisclosed ) is a song by English rock band Muse . It was released as the second single from their fifth studio album , The Resistance , on 16 November 2009 . The song was written by lead vocalist Matthew Bellamy , who has described the song as being quite a personal song about me and my girlfriend . The song peaked at number 49 on the UK Singles Chart . It also achieved large success in Australia where it was certified Platinum and is Muse 's highest charting single in that country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1962_Northwestern_Wildcats_football_team", "text": "The 1962 Northwestern Wildcats team represented Northwestern University during the 1962 Big Ten Conference football season . In their seventh year under head coach Ara Parseghian , the Wildcats compiled a 7-2 record ( 4-2 against Big Ten Conference opponents ) and finished in third place in the Big Ten Conference . The Wildcats were ranked # 1 in the AP Poll before losing consecutive games late in the season against # 2-ranked Wisconsin and Michigan State . The team 's offensive leaders were quarterback Tom Myers with 1,537 passing yards , Willie Stinson with 418 rushing yards , and halfback/end Paul Flatley with 626 receiving yards . Center Jack Cvercko was a consensus first-team All-American ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Havana", "text": "Havana ( /həˈvænə/ ; Spanish : La Habana [ la aˈβana ] ( listen ) ) is the capital city , largest city , province , major port , and leading commercial center of Cuba . The city has a population of 2.1 million inhabitants , and it spans a total of 781.58 km2 ( 301.77 sq mi ) - making it the largest city by area , the most populous city , and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region . The city of Havana was founded by the Spanish in the 16th century and due to its strategic location it served as a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the Americas , becoming a stopping point for treasure-laden Spanish galleons returning to Spain . The King Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of City in 1592 . Walls as well as forts were built to protect the old city . The sinking of the U.S. battleship Maine in Havana 's harbor in 1898 was the immediate cause of the Spanish-American War . The city is the center of the Cuban government , and home to various ministries , headquarters of businesses and over 90 diplomatic offices . The current governor is Reinaldo García Zapata of the Communist Party of Cuba ( PCC ) . In 2009 , the city/province had the third highest income in the country . Contemporary Havana can essentially be described as three cities in one : Old Havana , Vedado and the newer suburban districts . The city extends mostly westward and southward from the bay , which is entered through a narrow inlet and which divides into three main harbors : Mari melena , Guanabacoa and Antares . The sluggish Almendares River traverses the city from south to north , entering the Straits of Florida a few miles west of the bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_marathon", "text": "The women 's marathon at the 2012 Olympic Games in London was held on the Olympic marathon street course on 5 August . The course started and finished on The Mall in central London . Runners completed one short circuit of 2.219 miles around part of the City of Westminster and then three longer circuits of 8 miles around Westminster , the Victoria Embankment and the City of London . The course was designed to pass many of London 's best known landmarks , including Buckingham Palace , Trafalgar Square , St Paul 's Cathedral , the Guildhall , Leadenhall Market , the Monument , the Tower of London and the Houses of Parliament . Tiki Gelana from Ethiopia won the gold medal , completing the course in an Olympic record-breaking time of 2 hours 23 minutes 7 seconds . Kenya 's Priscah Jeptoo finished second to win silver and Tatyana Petrova Arkhipova , representing Russia , took bronze ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006–07_Euroleague", "text": "The 2006-07 Euroleague was the 7th season of the professional basketball competition for elite clubs throughout Europe , organised by Euroleague Basketball Company , and it was the 50th season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs overall . The season featured 24 competing teams from 13 different countries . The competition began on October 24 , 2006 , at the Olympic Pavilion in Badalona , Spain , with Panathinaikos winning 82-79 against DKV Joventut . The final of the competition was held on May 6 , 2007 , in the Olympic Indoor Hall in Athens , Greece , the home court of Panathinaikos , with Panathinaikos defeating the defending champions , CSKA Moscow , by a score of 93-91 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_North_Carolina", "text": "The University of North Carolina is a multi-campus public university system composed of all 16 of North Carolina 's public universities , as well as the NC School of Science and Mathematics , the nation 's first public residential high school for gifted students . Commonly referred to as the University of North Carolina System or the UNC System to differentiate it from the original campus in Chapel Hill , the university has a total enrollment of over 239,987 students [ when ? ] and in 2008 conferred over 75% of all baccalaureate degrees in North Carolina . UNC campuses conferred 43,686 degrees in 2008-2009 , the bulk of which were at the bachelor 's level , with 31,055 degrees awarded ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_&_Southern_Financial_Group_Masters_and_Women's_Open", "text": "The Cincinnati Masters ( currently sponsored by the Western & Southern Financial Group and called the Western & Southern Open ) is an annual outdoor hardcourt tennis event held in Mason near Cincinnati , Ohio , USA . The event started on September 18 , 1899 and is the oldest tennis tournament in the United States played in its original city . The tournament is the second largest summer tennis event in the U.S. after the U.S. Open , as its men 's portion is one of nine elite Masters 1000 tournaments on the ATP Tour and its women 's event is one of five Premier 5 events on the WTA Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leonardo_Bertagnolli", "text": "Leonardo Bertagnolli ( born 8 January 1978 in Trento ) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer , who rode as a professional between 2002 and 2012 . He signed for , a new team in the 2009 season , though he rode for in the 2009 Giro d'Italia . It was unclear if Bertagnolli switched teams before 's mid-season collapse or after , and whether he continued with after the Giro or briefly returned to . Bertagnolli announced his retirement from the sport after competing in the Italian National Championships in June 2012 . It later emerged that the Union Cycliste Internationale had launched disciplinary proceedings into Bertagnolli , in the light of an alleged anti-doping violation via his biological passport , and he was given a sanction of 2 years and ten months as well as disqualified from 1 January 2003 to 18 May 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Tigers", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Tigers or GCL Tigers are a minor league baseball club located in Lakeland , Florida , at Joker Marchant Stadium . A member of the rookie-level Gulf Coast League , the Tigers are an affiliate of the Detroit Tigers . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents from the United States , Canada , Dominican Republic , Venezuela , and various other countries . Starting with the 2016 season , the Tigers have fielded two teams in the Gulf Coast League , designated East and West . The second team was created due to the cancellation of the Venezuelan Summer League , which left the Tigers with a roster full of players with no team . Most of these players were assigned to one of the two GCL teams , although some were assigned to the Tigers affiliate in the Dominican Summer League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2000–01_Iraqi_Elite_League", "text": "The 2000-01 Iraqi Elite League was the 27th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . The name of the league was changed from Iraqi First Division to Iraqi Elite League . Instead of relegating teams from the 1999-2000 season and promoting teams from the lower division in order to decide which teams were playing in the competition , the Iraq Football Association decided that every team in the country from every division should play qualifying games in order to decide who participated . The qualifying rounds started in September and saw a total of 135 teams being split into groups based on geographical position , all competing for the 16 places in the league . After all the qualifiers were over in December , the league competition itself was played and was 30 rounds long . This made it too difficult to schedule the 2000-01 edition of the Iraq FA Cup , so that competition was cancelled . In the end , Al-Zawraa won their third league title in a row , finishing a comfortable eight points clear of their rivals . Al-Zawraa 's record in the qualifying round was 17 matches , 14 wins , 1 draw , 2 losses , 80 goals scored , 6 goals conceded , +74 goal difference and 43 points ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_World_Fencing_Championships", "text": "The 2015 World Fencing Championships were held at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow , Russia from 13 to 19 July 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bon_Jovi", "text": "Bon Jovi is an American rock band formed in 1983 in Sayreville , New Jersey . It consists of singer Jon Bon Jovi , keyboardist David Bryan , drummer Tico Torres , guitarist Phil X , and bassist Hugh McDonald . Previous bassist Alec John Such was dismissed in 1994 , and longtime guitarist and co-songwriter Richie Sambora left in 2013 . In 1984 and 1985 , Bon Jovi released their first two albums and their debut single Runaway managed to crack the Top 40 . In 1986 , the band achieved widespread success and global recognition with their third album , Slippery When Wet , which sold over 20 million copies and included three Top 10 singles , two of which reached No . 1 ( You Give Love a Bad Name and Livin ' on a Prayer ) Their fourth album , New Jersey ( 1988 ) , was also very successful , selling over 10 million copies and featuring five Top 10 singles ( a record for a hard rock album ) , two of which reached No . 1 ( Bad Medicine and I 'll Be There for You ) . After the band toured and recorded extensively during the late 1980s , culminating in the 1988-90 New Jersey Tour , Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora released successful solo albums in 1990 and 1991 , respectively . In 1992 , the band returned with the double-platinum Keep the Faith . This was followed by their biggest-selling and longest-charting single Always ( 1994 ) and the album These Days ( 1995 ) , which proved to be a bigger hit in Europe than in the United States , producing four Top Ten singles in the United Kingdom . Following a second hiatus , their 2000 album Crush , particularly the lead single , It 's My Life , successfully introduced the band to a younger audience . The band followed up with Bounce in 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ballyfermot", "text": "Ballyfermot ( Irish : Baile Formaid ) is a suburb in the city of Dublin , Ireland . Located seven kilometres west of the city centre , south of the Phoenix Park , it is bordered on the north by Chapelizod , on the south by Walkinstown , on the east by Inchicore , on the north-west by Palmerstown and the south-west by Clondalkin . The River Liffey lies to the north , and the Grand Canal , now a recreational waterway , lies to the south . Ballyfermot is designated as postal district Dublin 10 . Cherry Orchard is also a suburb within Ballyfermot . Ballyfermot is also a civil parish in the barony of Uppercross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_Sutton,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Little Sutton is a small civil parish , containing a few farms , situated between the much larger parishes of Long Sutton and Sutton Bridge , in Lincolnshire , England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daejeon_Citizen", "text": "Daejeon Hana Citizen Football Club ( Korean 대전 하나 시티즌 축구단 ) is a South Korean professional football team , based in the city of Daejeon . At the time of its foundation in 1997 , Daejeon Citizen was the first community club in South Korea , not belonging to any company . The club first entered the K League for the 1997 season , finishing in seventh place . In spite of a limited budget , Daejeon won the 2001 Korean FA Cup . It has not achieved sustained success in the K League , historically occupying the middle and lower reaches of the standings each season . At the end of the 2013 season , Daejeon was relegated to the K League Challenge , the second-tier league . On 24 December 2019 , Hana Financial Group Football Club Foundation bought operating rights of the club , renaming the club to its current name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florian_Grillitsch", "text": "Florian Grillitsch ( born 7 August 1995 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays for 1899 Hoffenheim and the Austria national team as a midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ipswich_Town_F.C.", "text": "Ipswich Town Football Club ( also known as Ipswich , The Blues , Town , or The Tractor Boys ) is a professional association football club based in Ipswich , Suffolk , England . They play in League One , the third tier of the English football league system , having been relegated from the Championship in the 2018/19 season . The club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936 , and was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938 . They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich . The only fully professional football club in Suffolk , they have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Norwich City in Norfolk , with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 148 times since 1902 . The club 's traditional home colours are blue shirts with white shorts and blue socks . Ipswich have won the English league title once , in their first season in the top flight in 1961-62 , and have twice finished runners-up , in 1980-81 and 1981-82 . They won the FA Cup in 1977-78 , and the UEFA Cup in 1980-81 . They have competed in all three major European club competitions , and have never lost at home in European competition , defeating Real Madrid , A.C. Milan , Inter Milan , Lazio and Barcelona , among others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lauren_Tom", "text": "Lauren Tom ( born August 4 , 1961 ) is an American actress and voice actress . Her roles include Lena St. Clair in The Joy Luck Club , Julie in the NBC sitcom Friends , Dot in the final season of Grace Under Fire , and the voices for both mother and daughter characters on two animated TV comedy series : on Futurama she voiced Amy Wong and her mother Inez , and on King of the Hill as Minh and Connie Souphanousinphone . She portrayed Celia Mack in the Disney Channel series Andi Mack ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taylor_Lautner", "text": "Taylor Daniel Lautner ( /ˈlaʊtnər/ ; born February 11 , 1992 ) is an American actor , voice actor , and model . He is known for playing Jacob Black in The Twilight Saga film series based on the novels of the same name by Stephenie Meyer . Lautner began his acting career playing bit roles in comedy series such as The Bernie Mac Show ( 2003 ) and My Wife and Kids ( 2004 ) , before having voice roles in television series like What 's New , Scooby-Doo ? ( 2005 ) and Danny Phantom ( 2005 ) . In 2005 , he appeared in the film Cheaper by the Dozen 2 and starred in The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D . He also starred in the 2011 action film Abduction . From 2014 to 2018 , Lautner starred in the BBC sitcom Cuckoo as the son of the titular character . In 2016 , he played a leading role , Dr. Cassidy Cascade , in the second season of FOX black comedy series Scream Queens . The late 2000s saw Lautner become a teen idol and sex symbol , after extensively changing his physique to keep the role of Jacob Black in further Twilight installments , and generating media attention for his looks . In 2010 , he was ranked second on Glamour 's The 50 Sexiest Men of 2010 list , and fourth on People 's Most Amazing Bodies list . Also in the same year , Lautner was named the highest-paid teenage actor in Hollywood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Joseph", "text": "Dennis Joseph is an Indian scriptwriter and director known for his Malayalam films . Born in Ettumanoor , Kottayam in Kerala , India , Dennis Joseph has been a popular name during the 1980s and early 1990s . He is best known for his associations with several top directors , including Joshi and Thambi Kannanthanam . He 's known for scripting films such as Nirakkoottu ( 1985 ) , Shyama ( 1986 ) , Rajavinte Makan ( 1986 ) , New Delhi ( 1987 ) , Sangham ( 1988 ) , Nair Saab ( 1989 ) , No.20 Madras Mail ( 1990 ) , Kottayam Kunjachan ( 1990 ) , Indrajaalam ( 1990 ) , Kizhakkan Pathrose ( 1992 ) , Akashadoothu ( 1993 ) , Gandharvam ( 1993 ) , Palayam ( 1994 ) , and F.I.R ( 1999 ) . Dennis Joseph has also directed five films , including Manu Uncle ( 1988 ) and Adharvam ( 1989 ) . Manu Uncle won the National Film Award for Best Children 's Film . He is the nephew of actor Jose Prakash ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spalding,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Spalding /ˈspɒldɪŋ / is a market town with a population of 28,722 at the 2011 census , on the River Welland in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . Little London is a hamlet directly south of Spalding on the B1172 , whilst Pinchbeck , a village to the north , is part of the built-up area . The town was well known for the annual Spalding Flower Parade , held from 1959 to 2013 . The parade celebrated the region 's vast tulip production and the cultural links between the Fens and the landscape and people of South Holland . At one time , it attracted crowds of more than 100,000 . Since 2002 the town has held an annual Pumpkin Festival in October ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ahmad_Azlan_Zainal", "text": "Ahmad Azlan bin Zainal ( born 16 April 1986 ) is a Malaysian Footballer who plays for Kingstown Klang FC as a defender . He was also a member of Malaysia 's national team . Born and grew up in Kuala Lumpur Azlan spend his teenage years in Bukit Jalil Sports School , Azlan later played for Perak President Team . Before being promoted onto Perak senior side . Azlan began his career with Perak as a youth player in 2004 . He helped Perak win the FA Cup Final in 2004 against Terengganu FA by 3-0 in Bukit Jalil Stadium . He also brings Perak FA reach the 2007 Malaysia Cup final , which they lost to Kedah FA , 3-0 . He made his senior international debut against New Zealand on 23 February 2006 . Serve as captain of Malaysia 's Under-20 team at the AFC Youth Championship 2004 , where he scored one goal in the tournament . He also turned out for Malaysia 's national Under-23 side at the 2006 Doha Asian Games , SEA Games 2006 in Manila , Philippines and was part of Malaysia 's Under-23 squad which won the 2007 Merdeka Tournament . He joined Kelantan FA for the 2009 season which ended prematurely due to a severe injury when he ruptured his anterior cruciate ligaments . After being released by Kelantan , Azlan was signed by Kuala Lumpur as a free agent halfway through the 2010 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palawan", "text": "Palawan ( pronounced /pəˈlɑːwɑːn/ ) , officially the Province of Palawan ( Cuyonon : Probinsya i'ang Palawan / Paragua ; Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Palawan ; Hiligaynon : Kapuoran sang Palawan ; Cebuano : Lalawigan sa Palawan ) , is an archipelagic province of the Philippines that is located in the region of MIMAROPA . It is the largest province in the country in terms of total area of jurisdiction . Its capital is the city of Puerto Princesa , but the city is governed independently from the province as a highly urbanized city . The islands of Palawan stretch between Mindoro in the northeast and Borneo in the southwest . It lies between the South China Sea and the Sulu Sea . The province is named after its largest island , Palawan Island ( 09°30′N 118°30′E / 9.500°N 118.500°E / 9.500 ; 118.500 ) , measuring 450 kilometres ( 280 mi ) long , and 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) wide . In 2019 Republic Act 11259 was passed providing for the division of Palawan into three separate provinces . Per the law , a plebiscite will be held in Palawan in May 2020 determining whether this division will be carried out . ( See 'Contemporary period ' section )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Liège", "text": "Liège ( /liˈɛʒ , liˈeɪʒ/ lee-EZH , lee-AYZH , French : [ ljɛʒ ] ( listen ) , locally [ li.eʃ ] ; Walloon : Lidje Walloon : [ liːtʃ ] ( listen ) ; Dutch : Luik [ lœyk ] ( listen ) ; German : Lüttich [ ˈlʏtɪç ] ) is a major Walloon city and municipality and the capital of the Belgian province of Liège . The city is situated in the valley of the Meuse , in the east of Belgium , not far from borders with the Netherlands ( Maastricht is about 33 km ( 20.5 mi ) to the north ) and with Germany ( Aachen is about 53 km ( 32.9 mi ) north-east ) . At Liège , the Meuse meets the River Ourthe . The city is part of the sillon industriel , the former industrial backbone of Wallonia . It still is the principal economic and cultural centre of the region . The Liège municipality ( i.e . the city proper ) includes the former communes of Angleur , Bressoux , Chênée , Glain , Grivegnée , Jupille-sur-Meuse , Rocourt , and Wandre . In November 2012 , Liège had 198,280 inhabitants . The metropolitan area , including the outer commuter zone , covers an area of 1,879 km2 ( 725 sq mi ) and had a total population of 749,110 on 1 January 2008 . This includes a total of 52 municipalities , among others , Herstal and Seraing . Liège ranks as the third most populous urban area in Belgium , after Brussels and Antwerp , and the fourth municipality after Antwerp , Ghent and Charleroi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surrey,_British_Columbia", "text": "Surrey ( /ˈsɜːri/ ) is a city in the province of British Columbia , Canada , located south of the Fraser River and north of the Canada-United States border . It is a member municipality of the Metro Vancouver regional district and metropolitan area . Mainly a suburban city , Surrey is the province 's second-largest by population after Vancouver and the third-largest by area after Abbotsford and Prince George . The seven neighbourhoods , or town centres , that the City of Surrey comprises are Fleetwood , Whalley , City Centre , Guildford , Newton , Cloverdale , and South Surrey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cercle_Brugge_K.S.V.", "text": "Cercle Brugge Koninklijke Sportvereniging ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈsɛrklə ˈbrɵɣə ˈkoːnɪŋkləkə ˈspɔrtfəˌreːnəɣɪŋ ] ) is a Belgian professional football club based in Bruges . Cercle have played in the Belgian Pro League since the 2003-04 season , having previously spent several years in the Belgian Second Division following relegation in 1997 . Their matricule is the n°12 . The club plays home games at the Jan Breydel Stadium , which they share with fierce rivals Club Brugge . Cercle Brugge won their first national title in 1911 , and won two more titles ( in 1927 and 1930 ) before the Second World War . The side also won the Belgian Cup in 1927 and in 1985 , and have represented Belgium in European tournaments on several occasions . Since 2017 , they have been owned by French club AS Monaco ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Masonic_Temple_Delta_Lodge_No._119", "text": "The Old Masonic Temple is a historic building located in Marshall , Minnesota , United States . Built in 1917 , the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 ( under the name Masonic Temple Delta Lodge No . 119 ) . It was nominated for being one of Minnesota 's most complete examples of Egyptian Revival architecture . Delta Lodge No . 119 no longer meets in the building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DVB-T", "text": "DVB-T is an abbreviation for Digital Video Broadcasting - Terrestrial ; it is the DVB European-based consortium standard for the broadcast transmission of digital terrestrial television that was first published in 1997 and first broadcast in Singapore in February , 1998 . This system transmits compressed digital audio , digital video and other data in an MPEG transport stream , using coded orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing ( COFDM or OFDM ) modulation . It is also the format widely used worldwide ( including North America ) for Electronic News Gathering for transmission of video and audio from a mobile newsgathering vehicle to a central receive point . It is also used in the US by Amateur television operators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Pleasant_Methodist_Episcopal_Church_and_Parsonage", "text": "Mount Pleasant Methodist Episcopal Church and Parsonage is a historic Methodist Episcopal church and parsonage located at Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware . It was built in 1838 , and is a one-story , stuccoed stone structure with a gable roof . It measures approximately 50 feet by 40 feet , and has a gable-roofed vestibule added in 1893 . Adjacent to the church is the parsonage built in 1894 . It is a ​2 1⁄2-story , four-bay L-shaped frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style . It sits on a fieldstone foundation and features gray-green fish-scale shingles . Adjacent is the contributing church cemetery with burials dating back to 1841 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 . It is now part of Bellevue State Park , a Delaware state park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ames,_IA", "text": "Ames ( /eɪmz/ ) is a city in Story County , Iowa , United States approximately 30 miles ( 48 km ) north of Des Moines in central Iowa . It is best known as the home of Iowa State University ( ISU ) , with leading Agriculture , Design , Engineering , and Veterinary Medicine colleges . A United States Department of Energy national laboratory , Ames Laboratory , is located on the ISU campus . In 2017 , Ames had a population of 66,498 . Iowa State University is home to 36,321 students ( Fall 2017 ) , which make up approximately one half of the city 's population . Ames also hosts United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) sites : the largest federal animal disease center in the United States , USDA 's Agricultural Research Service 's National Animal Disease Center ( NADC ) . , as well as , one of two national USDA sites for the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) , which comprises the National Veterinary Services Laboratory and the Center for Veterinary Biologics . Ames has the headquarters for the Iowa Department of Transportation . In 2010 , Ames was ranked ninth on CNNMoney 's Best Places to Live list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MHk_32_Liptovský_Mikuláš", "text": "MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš is a professional ice hockey team in the Slovak Extraliga , top hockey tier in Slovakia . Their home town is Liptovský Mikuláš in Slovakia . The team plays their home games at Liptovský Mikuláš Ice Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Appa_Ali_Apsa", "text": "The Guardians of the Universe are a fictional race of extraterrestrial superhero characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly in association with Green Lantern . They first appeared in Green Lantern Vol . 2 , Issue 1 ( July 1960 ) , and were created by John Broome and Gil Kane . The Guardians of the Universe have been adapted to a number of films , television programs , and video games . The Guardians of the Universe are the founders and leaders of the interstellar law enforcement agency known as the Green Lantern Corps , which they administer from their homeworld Oa at the center of the Universe . The Guardians resemble short humans with blue skin and white hair . They are depicted as being immortal and are the oldest living beings created in the Universe , but not the first ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alvin_Garrett", "text": "Alvin Lynn Garrett ( born October 1 , 1956 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the New York Giants and the Washington Redskins . Before his NFL career , he played college football at Angelo State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weightlifting_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , fifteen events in weightlifting were contested , in eight classes for men and seven for women . Competition was held in the Nikaia Olympic Weightlifting Hall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raúl_Ruidíaz", "text": "Raúl Mario Ruidíaz Misitich ( Spanish pronunciation : [ raˈul rujˈðiaθ misiˈtitʃ ] , Croatian : Misitić , born 25 July 1990 ) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC and the Peru national team , as a striker . He is of maternal Croatian descent and his nickname , The Flea , stems from his small frame and his ability to get past defenders with great ball control . Ruidíaz began his career at Universitario de Deportes , a powerhouse of a club in Peru , where he became an idol during the 2011 season , at just 21 years old . In January 2012 , he joined Primera División club Universidad de Chile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Kent was a parliamentary constituency covering the county of Kent in southeast England . It returned two knights of the shire ( Members of Parliament ) to the House of Commons by the bloc vote system from the year 1290 . Members were returned to the Parliament of England until the Union with Scotland created the Parliament of Great Britain in 1708 , and to the Parliament of the United Kingdom after the union with Ireland in 1801 until the county was divided by the Reform Act 1832 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leonel_García", "text": "Sin Bandera ( Spanish pronunciation : [ sin banˈdeɾa ] ; [ a ] which can be interpreted as Flagless or Without A Flag ) is a R & B , Latin pop duo based in Mexico , which consists of Leonel García , and Noel Schajris . They became one of the most popular artists after their solo debut album Sin Bandera was released on March 26 , 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pescara", "text": "Pescara ( Italian pronunciation : [ peˈskaːra ] ( listen ) ; Abruzzese : Pescàrë ; Pescarese : Piscàrë ) is the capital city of the Province of Pescara , in the Abruzzo region of Italy . It is the most populated city in Abruzzo , with 119,217 ( 2018 ) residents ( and approximately 350,000 including the surrounding metropolitan area ) . Located on the Adriatic coast at the mouth of the Aterno-Pescara River , the present-day municipality was formed in 1927 joining the municipalities of the old Pescara fortress , the part of the city to the south of the river , and Castellamare Adriatico , the part of the city to the north of the river . The surrounding area was formed into the province of Pescara . The main commercial street of the city is Corso Umberto I , which runs between two squares , starting from Piazza della Repubblica and reaching the seacoast in Piazza Primo Maggio . The rectangle that it forms with Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and Via Nicola Fabrizi is home of the main shopping district , enclosed in a driving restriction zone , where several of the best fashion shops are located . Corso Manthoné , the course of the old Pescara , has , for many years , been the center of the nightlife of the city . City hall and the administration of the province are in Piazza Italia , near the river , and in the area between here and the D'Annunzio University campus to the south , a business district has grown up over the years , while the Marina is situated to the immediate south of the mouth of the river . Pescara is also served by an important international airport , the Abruzzo Airport , and one of the major touristic ports of Adriatic Sea and Italy , the Port of Pescara ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003_Hammer_Throw_Year_Ranking", "text": "This page lists the World Best Year Performance in the year 2003 in both the men 's and the women 's hammer throw . The main event during this season were the 2003 World Athletics Championships in Paris , France , where the final of the men 's competition was held on Tuesday August 25 , 2003 . The women had their final three days later , on Thursday August 28 , 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Lover_(wrestler)", "text": "Victor Manuel Resendiz Ruiz ( born October 25 , 1967 ) is a Mexican Luchador ( professional wrestler ) and actor . He is best known under his ring name Latin Lover , under which he is also credited in his acting career . Resendiz is best known for wrestling in the Mexican AAA promotion , but has also worked for the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) and currently works for the Perros del Mal and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) promotions under the ring name Latino . Resendiz and his partner Mariana Vallejo Isrrade won the very first Bailando por un Sueño dance competition in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ABC2", "text": "ABC Comedy is an Australian free-to-air television channel that was launched on 7 March 2005 as ABC2 ; it is owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The channel broadcasts a range of comedy supplemented with repeats of popular ABC TV programmes . Between the hours of 5am and 7.30pm daily the channel 's bandwidth is used for the ABC Kids channel for young children . It was announced by the ABC that on 4 December 2017 , ABC2 would be rebranded as ABC Comedy , ending the use of the ABC2 name after 12 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Hackett_(British_Army_officer)", "text": "General Sir John Winthrop Hackett , GCB , CBE , DSO & Bar , MC ( 5 November 1910 - 9 September 1997 ) was an Australian-born British soldier , painter , university administrator , author and in later life , a commentator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ursula_Fingerlos", "text": "Ursula Fingerlos ( born 17 November 1976 ) is an Austrian snowboarder . She was born in Salzburg . She competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics , in giant slalom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cornwall", "text": "Cornwall ( /ˈkɔːrnwɔːl , -wəl/ ; Cornish : Kernow [ ˈkɛrnɔʊ ] ) is a ceremonial county in South West England , bordered to the north and west by the Celtic Sea , to the south by the English Channel , and to the east by Devon , the River Tamar forming the border between them . Cornwall is the westernmost part of the South West Peninsula of the island of Great Britain . The southwesternmost point is Land 's End and the southernmost Lizard Point . Cornwall has a population of 568,210 and an area of 3,563 km2 ( 1,376 sq mi ) . The county has been administered since 2009 by the unitary authority , Cornwall Council . The ceremonial county of Cornwall also includes the Isles of Scilly , which are administered separately . The administrative centre of Cornwall is Truro , its only city . Cornwall is the homeland of the Cornish people and the cultural and ethnic origin of the Cornish diaspora . It retains a distinct cultural identity that reflects its history , and is recognised as one of the Celtic nations . It was formerly a Brythonic kingdom and subsequently a royal duchy . The Cornish nationalist movement contests the present constitutional status of Cornwall and seeks greater autonomy within the United Kingdom in the form of a devolved legislative Cornish Assembly with powers similar to those in Wales and Scotland . In 2014 , Cornish people were granted minority status under the European Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities , giving them recognition as a distinct ethnic group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bloomington,_Illinois", "text": "Bloomington is a city in and the county seat of McLean County , Illinois , United States . It is adjacent to Normal , and is the more populous of the two principal municipalities of the Bloomington-Normal metropolitan area . The 2010 Census showed the city had a population of 76,610 , making it the 12th most populated city in Illinois , and the fifth-most populous city in the state outside the Chicago Metropolitan Area . Combined with Normal , the twin cities have a population of roughly 130,000 . Bloomington is home to the corporate headquarters of State Farm Insurance and Country Financial ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florists'_Transworld_Delivery", "text": "FTD LLC ( FTD ) , also known as Florists ' Transworld Delivery , is a floral wire service , retailer and wholesaler based in Downers Grove , Illinois , in the United States . FTD was founded as Florists ' Telegraph Delivery in 1910 , to help customers send flowers remotely on the same day by using florists in the FTD network who are near the intended recipient . It was based in Detroit , Michigan and then moved to Southfield , Michigan prior to its move to Downers Grove . It originated as a retailers ' cooperative and began a process of demutualization in 1994 . It operates two main businesses : The Consumer Business sells flowers and gift items through its websites and The Floral Business sells computer services , software and even fresh cut flowers to FTD and Interflora affiliated florists . Retail Florist Association ( formerly Extra Touch Florist Association and FTD Association ) is a trade association that originated as the member education , advocacy and quality assurance arm of FTD , breaking formal ties with FTD in 2001 . FTD processes orders through the Mercury Network , its international telecommunications service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandown_International_Raceway", "text": "Sandown International Raceway is a motor racing circuit in the suburb of Springvale in Melbourne , Victoria , approximately south east of the city centre . Sandown is considered a power circuit with its drag strip front and back straights being 899 and 910 metres long respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taylor_Jungmann", "text": "Taylor Heath Jungmann ( born December 18 , 1989 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Texas Rangers organization . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Milwaukee Brewers and for the Yomiuri Giants of Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) . . Prior to playing professionally , Jungmann played college baseball for the Texas Longhorns , where he was a consensus All-American and won the Dick Howser Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Noorjahan_(TV_Series)", "text": "Noorjahan is an Indian series produced by Cinevistaas , and co written and directed by Mr. Imtiaz Khan . It was based on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000-2001 . It was bilingual , shot in English and Hindi . The title role in the show was played by Gauri Pradhan , while model-turned-actor Milind Soman played Prince Salim with Kruttika Giresh Desai opposite him as his wife Maanbai . Ghazal artist Talat Aziz and singer Jaspinder Narula sung many ghazals and Love Duets in the show"}
{"title": "/wiki/Donovan_Scott", "text": "Donovan Scott ( born September 29 , 1946 ) is an American character actor best known for his role as cadet Leslie Barbara in the 1984 film Police Academy , in which he was part of an ensemble cast led by Steve Guttenberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Coupeville", "text": "Naval Outlying Field Coupeville - or NOLF Coupeville - ( ICAO : KNRA , FAA LID : NRA ) is a military airport located two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of Coupeville , Washington , in Island County . The airfield is owned and operated by the United States Navy . NOLF Coupeville nearly touches State Route 20 and is about 10 miles south of the Whidbey Island Naval Air Station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria_at_the_1968_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Austria competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble , France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Get_Lucky_(Daft_Punk_song)", "text": "Get Lucky is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk , featuring vocals by Pharrell Williams and co-written by the duo , Williams , and Nile Rodgers . It is the lead single from Daft Punk 's fourth studio album , Random Access Memories . Before its release as a single , Get Lucky was featured in television advertisements broadcast during Saturday Night Live , after which Rodgers and Williams announced their involvement in the track . Small excerpts also appear throughout the promotional video series The Collaborators . Get Lucky is a disco song with lyrics that , according to Williams , are about the good fortune of connecting with someone , as well as sexual chemistry . After it leaked in mid-April , the single was released as a digital download on 19 April 2013 . Get Lucky has since received acclaim from critics , and has spawned numerous cover versions and parodies . The single reached the top ten in the music charts of over 32 countries , and has sold more than 9.3 million copies , making it one of the best-selling songs of all time . The song won awards for Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards , during which Stevie Wonder joined Rodgers , Williams and Daft Punk onstage to perform the song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chiang_Tai-chuan", "text": "Chiang Tai-chuan ( Chinese : 江泰權 ; pinyin : Jiāng Tàiquán ; born 26 October 1960 in Chiayi County , Taiwan ) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player ( position : outfielder ) and currently a baseball coach . He is best known for being the first baseball player to compete in 3 consecutive Olympic Games : in the 1984 , 1988 and 1992 Olympics where he won a bronze medal in 1984 ( as demonstration sport ) and silver medal in 1992 . A member of China Times Eagles ' amateur forerunner Black Eagles since 1990 , after the 1992 Summer Olympics Chiang originally planned to join CPBL along with this soon-to-be-professionalized club . However , in November 1992 the Eagles accidentally traded him to Uni-President Lions due to its unfamiliarity with CPBL 's trading rules . Chiang stayed with the Lions until the end of 1996 season . Before CPBL 's 1997 season started , Chiang planned to transfer to then just-established Koos Groups Whales , but also in this time CPBL expelled him after it was determined that he was be involved in The Black Eagles Incident . Chiang was forced to retire after this scandal and he later found a coaching job in the China Baseball League . He currently coaches Tianjin Lions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Munich", "text": "Munich ( /ˈmjuːnɪk/ MEW-nik ; German : München [ ˈmʏnçn̩ ] ( listen ) ; Austro-Bavarian : Minga [ ˈmɪŋ ( ː ) ɐ ] ; Latin : Monachium ) is the capital and most populous city of Bavaria , the second most populous German federal state . With a population of around 1.5 million , it is the third-largest city in Germany , after Berlin and Hamburg , and thus the largest which does not constitute its own state , as well as the 11th-largest city in the European Union . The city 's metropolitan region is home to 6 million people . Straddling the banks of the River Isar ( a tributary of the Danube ) north of the Bavarian Alps , it is the seat of the Bavarian administrative region of Upper Bavaria , while being the most densely populated municipality in Germany ( 4,500 people per km² ) . Munich is the second-largest city in the Bavarian dialect area , after the Austrian capital of Vienna , Munich was one of the host cities of the official tournament of the 2006 FIFA World Cup . The city is a global centre of art , science , technology , finance , publishing , culture , innovation , education , business , and tourism and enjoys a very high standard and quality of living , reaching first in Germany and third worldwide according to the 2018 Mercer survey , and being rated the world 's most liveable city by the Monocle 's Quality of Life Survey 2018 . According to the Globalization and World Rankings Research Institute Munich is considered an alpha-world city , as of 2015 [ update ] . Munich is a major international center of engineering , science , innovation , and research , exemplified by the presence of two research universities , a multitude of scientific institutions in the city and its surroundings , and world class technology and science museums like the Deutsches Museum and BMW Museum . Munich houses many multinational companies and its economy is based on high tech , automobiles , the service sector and creative industries , as well as IT , biotechnology , engineering and electronics among many others . The name of the city is derived from the Old/Middle High German term Munichen , meaning by the monks . It derives from the monks of the Benedictine order , who ran a monastery at the place that was later to become the Old Town of Munich ; hence the monk depicted on the city 's coat of arms . Munich was first mentioned in 1158 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Detroit_Lions_season", "text": "The 2004 Detroit Lions season was the franchise 's 75th season in the National Football League . The team began attempting to improve on their 5-11 record from 2003 , they improved to 6 - 10 that season but , the Lions could n't make the playoffs for a sixth consecutive season . In week 1 , the Lions defeated the Chicago Bears in Chicago , 20 - 16 , to snap a 24-game road losing streak , which was the longest road losing streak in franchise history . It was the first road win for the Lions under Matt Millen . The Lions would defeat the Houston Texans the next week , 28 - 16 , to start the season 2 - 0 . In week 7 , the Lions defeated the New York Giants 28 - 13 on the road to begin the season 4 - 2 , while going 3 - 0 on the road during that span . However , in the weeks following , the Lions played disastrous football , as they would lose 5 straight games to sit at 4 - 7 . The Lions would then defeat the Arizona Cardinals 26 - 12 the following week . However , the week after that , the Lions were eliminated from the playoffs after they lost to the Packers 16 - 13 in Green Bay . The Lions would only win 1 more game the rest of the season , as they defeated the Bears in week 16 19 - 13 at home . The Lions sweep over the Bears during the season would be one of 2 times during the Matt Millen era that saw the Lions sweep a divisional opponent . They also did this against the Bears in 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brenda_López_de_Arrarás", "text": "Brenda López de Arrarás is a Puerto Rican politician . She is currently a member of the Puerto Rico Chamber of Representatives since 2009 , and is affiliated to the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) and serves as the party 's Vice President . She is the first woman , who has reached that position , unanimously elected ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nagrota", "text": "Nagrota is a town located in the Jammu district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India . It is located on National highway 44 between Jammu city and Udhampur . It is situated on the bank of River Tawi . Nagrota along with Kashmiri Pandit Migrant town of Jagti straddle the national highway . Nagrota is the first shrine stoppage for Shri Mata Vaishno Devi . The Kol-Kandoli temple is a mandate for completing the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi pilgrimage . Nagrota has an extension of Jammu Industries having Oil Depots and Godowns.It serves as headquarter of the XVI Corps ( India ) also known as the 'White Knight Corp ' . Though Nagrota does not have a railway station , it does have a Railway Station Code assigned ( NGRT ) in preparation for the completion of the planned Jammu-Srinagar railway extension . Nagrota is also home to prestigious Sainik School and an I.I.T College , Sainik School Nagrota and I.I.T Jammu . It has a magnificent army park named as Vijay Park . Nagrota has a National Rural Health Mission and a KNH Hospital which is under stay . Nowadays , the progress of Nagrota is in its top level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kamloops—Thompson—Cariboo", "text": "Kamloops - Thompson - Cariboo ( formerly known as Kamloops - Thompson ) is a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004 . While the riding covers a large area , about three quarters of the population in the district live in the city of Kamloops ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mika_Häkkinen", "text": "Mika Pauli Häkkinen ( Finnish : [ ˈmikɑ ˈhækːinen ] ( listen ) ; born 28 September 1968 ) , nicknamed The Flying Finn , is a Finnish former racing driver . He was the 1998 and 1999 Formula One World Champion , driving for McLaren and has been ranked among the greatest Formula One drivers in various motorsport polls . Häkkinen currently works in driver management and is a brand ambassador for various companies . Häkkinen began his career in karting at the age of five and achieved success by winning regional and national kart championships . He progressed to car racing when he entered the Formula Ford and Formula Three series in Italy and the United Kingdom . After success in the series , Häkkinen entered Formula One in 1991 with the Team Lotus where he remained until 1992 . The following year , he moved to McLaren as test driver before he was promoted to the race team following the departure of Michael Andretti . After four years which yielded minor success for Häkkinen , he scored his first Formula One victory in 1997 . He went on to win eight races of the 1998 season , securing the World Drivers ' Championship at the season ending Japanese Grand Prix ; his success also helped McLaren secure the World Constructors ' Championship . Häkkinen repeated his World Championship success in 1999 , taking five victories . He finished as runner-up in the Drivers ' Championship in 2000 , behind Michael Schumacher and secured two more victories in 2001 before announcing a sabbatical from the sport , which became full-time retirement in mid-2002 . For 2005 , he moved to the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters ( DTM ) series , where he secured his first victory that year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Davies_(Australian_footballer)", "text": "Benjamin Ben Davies ( born 10 February 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer . From Williamstown , Davies played in the TAC Cup for the Western Jets . His courageous ability as an in-and-under player got his name on the list , and was drafted as a rookie by Collingwood in late 2004 . His skills were ordinary , but Davies earned an unexpected promotion early on in the season for injured skipper Nathan Buckley who would be put on the long-term injury list . He made his Australian Football League ( AFL ) debut soon after in Round 7 against Fremantle at Subiaco Oval and showed he was a ball winner , having 14 touches in the first half . His debut season was good enough for him to be elevated on the senior list from the rookie list for season 2006 , where he played mostly in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , managing only five senior appearances . During 2007 he won the Best and Fairest at the Williamstown Football Club but did not convince the Magpies he should be retained for the 2008 season . On 12 October 2007 , Ben was traded to the Kangaroos in exchange for their round six selection ( selection 96 overall ) . He made his debut for North Melbourne in Round 11 of the 2008 season , against Geelong . Davies was delisted at the end of the 2008 season , and now plays for Williamstown in the VFL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Careby_Aunby_and_Holywell", "text": "Careby Aunby and Holywell is a civil parish in the district of South Kesteven , south-west Lincolnshire , in England . It stretches from the county border with Rutland in the west to the River West Glen in the east . The B1176 road from Corby Glen passes through Careby and on past Aunby toward Stamford . The main London to Scotland railway line passes through the parish , the line upon which Mallard took the speed record for the LNER . The total population in the 2001 census was 146 , falling marginally to 143 at the 2011 census . The population in 1801 was 65 , and had risen to 133 by 1911 The centre of the parish is near grid reference TF017157"}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Trial_of_Billy_Jack", "text": "The Trial of Billy Jack is a 1974 action film starring Delores Taylor and Tom Laughlin . It is the sequel to the 1971 film , Billy Jack , and the third film overall in the series . Directed by Laughlin , it has a running time of nearly three hours . Although commercially successful , it was panned by critics . The film was included as one of the choices in the book The Fifty Worst Films of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Louis_Browns", "text": "The St. Louis Browns were a Major League Baseball team that originated in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , as the Milwaukee Brewers . Charter member of the American League ( AL ) , the Brewers moved to St. Louis , Missouri , after the 1901 season , where they played for 52 years as the St. Louis Browns . This article covers the franchise 's time in St. Louis . After the 1953 season , the team relocated to Baltimore , Maryland , where it became the Baltimore Orioles . As of August 2019 , there are only 9 living former St. Louis Browns players . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/1996_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1996 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad , commonly known as Atlanta 1996 , and also referred to as the Centennial Olympic Games , were an international multi-sport event that was held from July 19 to August 4 , 1996 , in Atlanta , Georgia , U.S . These Games , which were the fourth Summer Olympics to be hosted by the United States , marked the centennial of the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens - the inaugural edition of the modern Olympic Games . They were also the first since 1924 to be held in a different year from a Winter Olympics , under a new IOC practice implemented in 1994 to hold the Summer and Winter Games in alternating , even-numbered years . More than 10,000 athletes from 197 National Olympic Committees competed in 26 sports , including the Olympic debuts of beach volleyball , mountain biking , and softball , as well as the new disciplines of lightweight rowing and women 's football ( soccer ) . 24 countries made their Summer Olympic debut in Atlanta , including eleven former Soviet republics participating for the first time as independent nations . The hosting United States led the medal count with a total of 101 medals , and the most gold ( 44 ) and silver ( 32 ) medals out of all countries . The U.S. topped the medal count for the first time since 1984 , and for the first time since 1968 in a non-boycotted Summer Olympics . Notable performances during competition included those of Andre Agassi - who became the first men 's singles tennis player to combine a career Grand Slam with an Olympic gold medal , Donovan Bailey - who set a new world record of 9.84 for the men 's 100 meters , and Lilia Podkopayeva - who became the second gymnast to win an individual event gold after winning the all-round title in the same Olympics . The festivities were marred by violence on July 27 , when Eric Rudolph detonated pipe bombs at Centennial Olympic Park - a downtown park that was built to serve as a public focal point for the Games ' festivities , killing 1 and injuring 111 . In 2003 , Rudolph confessed to the bombing and a series of related attacks on abortion centers and a gay bar , and was sentenced to life in prison . He claimed that the bombing was meant to protest the U.S. government 's sanctioning of abortion on demand . The Games turned a profit , helped by record revenue from sponsorship deals and broadcast rights , and reliance on private funding ( as opposed to the extensive public funding used on later Olympics ) , among other factors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sagar,_Madhya_Pradesh", "text": "Sagar ( formerly Saugor ) is a city in the state of Madhya Pradesh in central India . Situated on a spur of the Vindhya Range and 1,758 feet ( 536 m ) above sea-level . The city is around 172 kilometres ( 107 mi ) northeast of state capital , Bhopal . It is situated almost in the centre of India . Sagar has been selected as one of the hundred Indian cities to be developed as a smart city under PM Narendra Modi 's flagship Smart Cities Mission and listed top safest city of India 2018 . Sagar University was founded on 18 July 1946 . In February 1983 the name was changed to Dr. Hari Singh Gour University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muséum_national_d'histoire_naturelle", "text": "The French National Museum of Natural History , known in French as the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle ( MNHN ; French : [ myzeœ̃ nasjɔnal distwar natyʁɛl ] ) , is the natural history museum of France and a grand établissement of Sorbonne Universities . The main museum is located in Paris , on the left bank of the Seine . It was established in 1635 by King Louis XIII as the royal garden of medicinal plants , and in 1793 , after the Revolution , it was reorganized in its present form and under its present title . As of 2017 , the museum has 14 sites throughout France , including the original location at the Jardin des Plantes , which remains one of the seven departments of MNHN ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waycross,_Georgia", "text": "Waycross is the county seat of , and only incorporated city in , Ware County in the U.S. state of Georgia . The population was 14,725 at the 2010 Census . Waycross includes two historic districts ( Downtown Waycross Historic District and Waycross Historic District ) and several other properties that are on the National Register of Historic Places , including the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse , Lott Cemetery , the First African Baptist Church and Parsonage , and the Obediah Barber Homestead ( which is seven miles south of the city ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roberto_Brum", "text": "Roberto Brum Vallado ( born 7 July 1978 ) , known as Brum , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jefferson_County,_Colorado", "text": "Jefferson County , is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2010 census , the population was 534,543 , making it the fourth-most populous county in Colorado . The county seat is Golden , and the most populous city is Lakewood . Jefferson County is included in the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area . Located along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains , Jefferson County is adjacent to the state capital of Denver . In 2010 , the center of population of Colorado was located in Jefferson County . The county 's slogan is the Gateway to the Rocky Mountains , and it is commonly nicknamed Jeffco . The name Jeffco is incorporated in the name of the Jeffco School District , the Jeffco Business Center Metropolitan District No . 1 , and several businesses located in Jefferson County . Jeffco is also incorporated in the unofficial monikers of many Jefferson County agencies . The Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport operated by Jefferson County was previously known as the Jeffco Airport . A major employer in Jefferson County is the large Coors Brewing Company in Golden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010_V-League", "text": "The 2010 V-League season was the 27th season of Vietnam 's professional football league . The league and cup winners would enter the 2011 AFC Cup . The bottom side at the end of the season get relegated . The side that finishes 2ND from bottom enters an end of season play-off match against the 2nd Division 's 2nd placed side ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1958_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1958 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 26th in the National Football League . After the second game of the season , Steelers coach Buddy Parker , formerly in Detroit , arranged a trade on October 6 that sent quarterback Earl Morrall and two draft picks to the Detroit Lions for quarterback Bobby Layne , a future hall of famer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Albans_City_Council", "text": "The City and District of St Albans ( /ˈɔːlbənz/ ) is a local authority district in Hertfordshire in the East of England region . The main urban settlements are St Albans and Harpenden . The council offices are in St Albans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bhutan", "text": "Bhutan ( /buːˈtɑːn/ ( listen ) ; Dzongkha : འབྲུག་ཡུལ་ , romanized : Druk Yul [ ʈuk̚˩.yː˩ ] ) , officially the Kingdom of Bhutan ( Dzongkha : འབྲུག་རྒྱལ་ཁབ་ , romanized : Druk Gyal Khap ) , is a landlocked country in South Asia . Located in the Eastern Himalayas , it is bordered by the Tibet Autonomous Region of China in the north , the Indian state of Sikkim , the Chumbi Valley of Tibet , China in the west and south , the Arunachal Pradesh state of India in the east , and the Indian states of Assam and West Bengal in the south . Bhutan is geopolitically in South Asia and is the region 's second-least-populous nation after the Maldives . Thimphu is its capital and largest city , while Phuntsholing is its financial center . Bhutan 's independence has endured for centuries . It has never been colonized in its history . Situated on the ancient Silk Road between Tibet , the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia , the Bhutanese state developed a distinct national identity based on Buddhism . Headed by a spiritual leader known as the Zhabdrung Rinpoche , the territory comprised many fiefdoms and was governed as a Buddhist theocracy . Following a civil war in the 19th century , the House of Wangchuck reunited the country and established relations with the British Empire . Bhutan fostered a strategic partnership with India during the rise of Chinese communism and has a disputed border with China . In 2008 Bhutan transitioned from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy and held the first election to the National Assembly of Bhutan . The National Assembly is part of the bicameral parliament of the Bhutanese democracy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal", "text": "Montreal ( /ˌmʌntriˈɔːl/ ( listen ) MUN-tree-AWL ; officially Montréal , French : [ mɔ̃ʁeal ] ( listen ) ) is the most populous municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec and the second-most populous municipality in Canada . Originally founded in 1642 as Ville-Marie , or City of Mary , it is named after Mount Royal , the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city . The city is centred on the Island of Montreal , which got its name from the same origin as the city , and a few much smaller peripheral islands , the largest of which is Île Bizard . It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold , snowy winters . In 2016 , the city had a population of 1,704,694 , with a population of 1,942,247 in the urban agglomeration , including all of the other municipalities on the Island of Montreal . The broader metropolitan area had a population of 4,098,247 . French is the city 's official language and is the language spoken at home by 49.8% of the population of the city , followed by English at 22.8% and 18.3% other languages ( in the 2016 census , not including multi-language responses ) . In the larger Montreal Census Metropolitan Area , 65.8% of the population speaks French at home , compared to 15.3% who speak English . The agglomeration Montreal is one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada , with over 59% of the population able to speak both English and French . Montreal is the second largest primarily French-speaking city in the developed world , after Paris . It is situated 196 km ( 122 mi ) east of the national capital Ottawa , and 258 km ( 160 mi ) south-west of the provincial capital Quebec City . Historically the commercial capital of Canada , Montreal was surpassed in population and in economic strength by Toronto in the 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khortha_language", "text": "Khortha ( also romanized as Kortha or Khotta ) is a language which is considered dialect of Magahi language spoken in the Indian state of Jharkhand , mainly in 16 districts of two divisions : North Chotanagpur and Santhal Pargana . The 13 districts are Hazaribagh , Koderma , Giridih , Bokaro , Dhanbad , Chatra , Ramgarh , Deoghar , Dumka , Sahebganj , Pakur , Godda , and Jamtara . Khortha is not only spoken by the Sadaans , it is also used by the Adivasis as a link . [ citation needed ] It is most spoken language of Jharkhand , and considered a dialect of Magahi by linguists , Grierson has called this as eastern Magahi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eltisley", "text": "Eltisley is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire , England , on the A428 road about 5.5 miles ( 9 km ) east of St Neots and about 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of the city of Cambridge . The population in 2001 was 421 people , falling slightly to 401 at the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Step_Up_(film)", "text": "Step Up is a 2006 American romantic dance film directed by Anne Fletcher starring Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan . Set in Baltimore , Maryland , the film follows the tale of the disadvantaged Tyler Gage ( Tatum ) and the privileged modern dancer Nora Clark ( Dewan ) , who find themselves paired up in a showcase that determines both of their futures . Realizing that they only have one chance , they finally work together . It is the first installment in the Step Up franchise , which includes four sequels , a spin-off film and a television series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthew_Town", "text": "Matthew Town is the chief and only settlement on Great Inagua Island of the Bahamas . It is located on the southwest corner of the island . It was named after Bahamian Governor George Matthew ( 1844-1849 ) and first settled during his tenure in office . It has several buildings dating to the 19th century including the 1870 Great Inagua Lighthouse . Almost the entire population of Inagua resides in Matthew Town ( approx . 1,000 people ) , and many of them are employed by the Morton Salt Company , [ a ] the island 's largest employer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Allianz_Stadion", "text": "The Allianz Stadion is a football stadium which is built on the site of the former Gerhard Hanappi Stadium as the new home of SK Rapid Wien . In international matches the stadium has the no-commercial name Weststadion . Demolition of the old stadium began in early October 2014 , after a ceremonial farewell with thousands of fans . By January 2015 almost nothing was left of the old stadium , which allowed foundation works for the new arena . The stadium was officially unveiled when Rapid Wien hosted Chelsea in a pre-season friendly on 16 July 2016 . The first competitive match took place in the new stadium on 23 July 2016 when Rapid Vienna hosted SV Ried in the first round of the Austrian Football Bundesliga . Christoph Schößwendter scored the first competitive goal in the newly opened stadium in a 5-0 victory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2008", "text": "The 9th Annual Latin Grammy Awards took place on Thursday , November 13 , 2008 at the Toyota Center in Houston , Texas and were aired on Univision . The Brazilian Field awards were presented on the same day at the Ibirapuera Auditorium in São Paulo . The Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year was Gloria Estefan . Juanes was the night 's big winner , winning 5 awards including Album of the Year . He now has 17 Latin Grammy awards which is more than any other recording artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Llanddona", "text": "Llanddona ( Welsh pronunciation ) is a village and community noted for its sandy beach in the Welsh county of Anglesey . Located between Benllech and Beaumaris , it is popular as a holiday destination , particularly for families . Llanddona has no shops ; however , it has a riding school and a public house . At the 2001 census it had a population of 639 , increasing to 691 at the 2011 census . Llanddona transmitting station is located approximately one mile to the north east of the village . The station is the main broadcasting site for television and radio in north Wales . St Dona 's Church , Llanddona , dates from 610 , although the present building was erected in 1873 . Llanddona is said to have once been home to a family of witches , whose powers descended from mother to daughter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terry_Francona", "text": "Terrence Jon Francona ( born April 22 , 1959 ) , nicknamed Tito , is the manager of the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . Previously , he was the manager of the Boston Red Sox , whom he led to two World Series titles , ending the franchise 's 86-year championship drought . After an unsuccessful four-year stint as the manager of the Philadelphia Phillies , Francona was hired to manage the Red Sox in 2004 and led the team to their first championship since 1918 . He won another World Series with Boston in 2007 and continued to manage the team until the end of the 2011 season , when his contract was not renewed following a September collapse . In 2013 , Francona was hired to manage the Cleveland Indians and led them to an American League pennant in 2016 . In August and September 2017 , he led the Indians to a 22-game win streak , the longest win streak in American League history and the longest without ties in MLB history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anton_Diffring", "text": "Anton Diffring ( born Alfred Pollack , 20 October 1916 - 19 May 1989 ) was a German character actor , who had an extensive career in England from the 1940s to the 1980s in cinema films and television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nine_Network", "text": "The Nine Network ( commonly known as Channel Nine or simply Nine ) is a major Australian commercial free-to-air television network , that is a division of Nine Entertainment Co. with headquarters in Willoughby , a suburb located on the North Shore of Sydney , Australia . The Nine Network is one of five main free-to-air commercial networks in Australia . As of 2019 , the Nine Network is the highest-rating television network in Australia , ahead of the Seven Network , Network 10 , ABC , and SBS . Since 2017 , the network 's slogan has been We Are the One ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Running_back", "text": "A running back ( RB ) is a member of the offensive backfield in gridiron football . The primary roles of a running back are to receive handoffs from the quarterback to rush the ball , and block . There are usually one or two running backs on the field for a given play , depending on the offensive formation . A running back may be a halfback ( in certain contexts also referred to as a tailback ) , a wingback or a fullback . A running back will sometimes be called a feature back if he is the team 's starting running back ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joey_Buchanan", "text": "Joey Buchanan is a fictional character from the American daytime serial One Life to Live . The character is the son of original protagonists Victoria Lord and Joe Riley , Sr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speed_skating_at_the_1972_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_1000_metres", "text": "The women 's 1000 metres in speed skating at the 1972 Winter Olympics took place on 11 February , at the Makomanai Open Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shropshire", "text": "Shropshire ( /ˈʃrɒpʃər , -ʃɪər/ ; alternatively Salop ; abbreviated , in print only , Shrops ; demonym Salopian /səˈloʊpiən/ sə-LOH-pee-ən , Welsh : Swydd Amwythig ) is a county in England , bordering Wales to the west , Cheshire to the north , Staffordshire to the east , and Worcestershire and Herefordshire to the south . Shropshire Council was created in 2009 , a unitary authority taking over from the previous county council and five district councils . The borough of Telford and Wrekin has been a separate unitary authority since 1998 but continues to be included in the ceremonial county . The county 's population and economy is centred on five towns : the county town of Shrewsbury , which is culturally and historically important and close to the centre of the county ; Telford , a new town in the east which was constructed around a number of older towns , most notably Wellington , Dawley and Madeley , which is today the most populous ; and Oswestry in the northwest , Bridgnorth just to the south of Telford , and Ludlow in the south . The county has many market towns , including Whitchurch in the north , Newport northeast of Telford and Market Drayton in the northeast of the county . The Ironbridge Gorge area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , covering Ironbridge , Coalbrookdale and a part of Madeley . There are other historic industrial sites in the county , such as at Shrewsbury , Broseley , Snailbeach and Highley , as well as the Shropshire Union Canal . The Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty covers about a quarter of the county , mainly in the south . Shropshire is one of England 's most rural and sparsely populated counties , with a population density of 136/km2 ( 350/sq mi ) . The Wrekin is one of the most famous natural landmarks in the county , though the highest hills are the Clee Hills , Stiperstones and the Long Mynd . Wenlock Edge is another significant geographical and geological landmark . In the low-lying northwest of the county overlapping the border with Wales is the Fenn 's , Whixall and Bettisfield Mosses National Nature Reserve , one of the most important and best preserved bogs in Britain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brooklyn_Bridegrooms", "text": "The Brooklyn Dodgers were a Major League baseball team , active primarily in the National League ( founded 1876 ) from 1884 until 1957 , after which the club moved to Los Angeles , California , where it continues its history as the Los Angeles Dodgers . The team moved west at the same time as its longtime rivals , the New York Giants , also in the National League , relocated to San Francisco in northern California as the San Francisco Giants . The team 's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city 's trolley streetcar network . The Dodgers played in two stadiums in South Brooklyn , each named Washington Park , and at Eastern Park in the neighborhood of Brownsville before moving to Ebbets Field in the neighborhood of Flatbush in 1913 . The team is noted for signing Jackie Robinson in 1947 as the first black player in the modern major leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine Skiing at the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of six alpine skiing events , held 13-19 February in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia . The men 's races were at Bjelašnica and the women 's at Jahorina . Due to weather delays ( a blizzard ) , both downhill races were postponed several days and run after the giant slalom races . This was the first Winter Olympics since 1936 which did not also serve as the world championships for alpine skiing . It was the last Olympic program with just six events for alpine skiing ; ten events were held in 1988 with the return of the combined event and the addition of Super G. Banned from competition at these Olympics by the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) were top World Cup racers Ingemar Stenmark of Sweden and Hanni Wenzel of Liechtenstein , both double gold medalists at the 1980 Winter Olympics and leading the World Cup in 1984 . They had accepted promotional payments directly , rather than through their national ski federations . Also absent was Marc Girardelli , who had not yet gained his citizenship from Luxembourg and was not allowed to compete for his native Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Auxerre_–_Branches_Aerodrome", "text": "Auxerre - Branches Aerodrome ( French : Aérodrome d'Auxerre - Branches ) ( IATA : AUF , ICAO : LFLA ) is an airport serving Auxerre and Branches , both communes of the Yonne department in the Bourgogne region of France . The airport is located 8.5 km ( 4.6 NM ) northwest of Auxerre and approximately 4 km ( 2.2 NM ) southeast of Branches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Bank", "text": "The West Bank ( Arabic : الضفة الغربية aḍ-Ḍiffah l-Ġarbiyyah ; Hebrew : הגדה המערבית HaGadah HaMa'aravit or יהודה ושומרון Yehuda VeShomron ) is a landlocked territory near the Mediterranean coast of Western Asia , bordered by Jordan to the east and by the Green Line separating it and Israel on the south , west and north . The West Bank also contains a significant section of the western Dead Sea shore . The West Bank was the name given to the territory that was captured by Jordan in the aftermath of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War , and subsequently annexed in 1950 until 1967 when it was occupied by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War . The Oslo Accords , signed between the Palestine Liberation Organization and Israel , created administrative districts with varying levels of Palestinian autonomy within each area . Area C , in which Israel maintained complete civil and security control , accounts for over 60% of the territory of the West Bank . The West Bank , including East Jerusalem , has a land area of 5,640 km2 plus a water area of 220 km2 , consisting of the northwest quarter of the Dead Sea . As of July 2017 [ update ] it has an estimated population of 2,747,943 Palestinians , and approximately 391,000 Israeli settlers , and approximately another 201,200 Israeli settlers in East Jerusalem . The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this . The International Court of Justice advisory ruling ( 2004 ) concluded that events that came after the 1967 occupation of the West Bank by Israel , including the Jerusalem Law , Israel 's peace treaty with Jordan and the Oslo Accords , did not change the status of the West Bank ( including East Jerusalem ) as occupied territory with Israel as the occupying power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meridian,_Mississippi", "text": "Meridian is the seventh largest city in the state of Mississippi , United States . It is the county seat of Lauderdale County and the principal city of the Meridian , Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area . Along major highways , the city is 93 mi ( 150 km ) east of Jackson , Mississippi ; 154 mi ( 248 km ) southwest of Birmingham , Alabama ; 202 mi ( 325 km ) northeast of New Orleans , Louisiana ; and 231 mi ( 372 km ) southeast of Memphis , Tennessee . Established in 1860 , at the junction of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and Southern Railway of Mississippi , Meridian built an economy based on the railways and goods transported on them , and it became a strategic trading center . During the American Civil War , General William Tecumseh Sherman burned much of the city to the ground in the Battle of Meridian ( February 1864 ) . Rebuilt after the war , the city entered a Golden Age . It became the largest city in Mississippi between 1890 and 1930 , and a leading center for manufacturing in the South , with 44 trains arriving and departing daily . Union Station , built in 1906 , is now a multi-modal center , with access to Amtrak and Greyhound Buses averaging 242,360 passengers per year . Although the economy slowed with the decline of the railroad industry , the city has diversified , with healthcare , military , and manufacturing employing the most people in 2010 . The population within the city limits , according to 2008 census estimates , is 38,232 , but a population of 232,900 in a 45-mile ( 72 km ) radius and 526,500 in a 65-mile ( 105 km ) radius , of which 104,600 and 234,200 people respectively are in the labor force , feeds the economy of the city . The area is served by two military facilities , Naval Air Station Meridian and Key Field , which employ over 4,000 people . NAS Meridian is home to the Regional Counter-Drug Training Academy ( RCTA ) and the first local Department of Homeland Security in the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tickencote", "text": "Tickencote is a small village and civil parish in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England . It is noted for St Peter 's Church , with its Norman chancel arch . The population at the 2001 census was 67 . At the 2011 census the population remained less than 100 and was included together with the parish of Great Casterton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulrike_Lunacek", "text": "Ulrike Lunacek ( German pronunciation : [ ʔʊlˈriːkɛ ˈluːnatʃɛk ] ] born 26 May 1957 ) is an Austrian politician who has been serving as State Secretary for Cultural Affairs in the government of Chancellor Sebastian Kurz since 2020 . She is a member of the Austrian green party The Greens - The Green Alternative , part of the European Green Party . From 2009 until 2017 , Lunacek was a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) . During that time , she served as Vice President of the European Parliament , Member of the Greens/EFA group in the European Parliament and head of delegation of the Austrian Greens in the European Parliament . She was Kosovo rapporteur and co-president of the Intergroup on LGBTI Rights and Member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Substitute in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs . In 2017 , Lunacek was the Greens ' top candidate for the Austrian general election , in which the party suffered a historic defeat and failed to win a single seat in parliament for the first time since 1983 . Lunacek subsequently stepped down from all Austrian and EU political functions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Dotzauer", "text": "Daniel Dotzauer ( born 23 September 1991 in Chemnitz ) is a German figure skater . He is the 2010 senior national bronze medalist and 2006-08 junior national champion . Dotzauer represented Germany at the 2010 World Junior Championships and reached the free skate . He was coached by Anett Pötzsch Rauschenbach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1947_Iowa_Hawkeyes_football_team", "text": "The 1947 Iowa Hawkeyes football team was an American football team that represented the University of Iowa in the 1947 Big Nine Conference football season . The team compiled a 3-5-1 record ( 2-3-1 against conference opponents ) and finished in a tie for sixth place in the Big Nine Conference . After opening its season with a 59-0 shutout victory over North Dakota State , the team was outscored 179 to 86 in its remaining eight games . Head coach Eddie Anderson was in his sixth season as Iowa 's head coach ; he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1971 . On the evening before the final game of the 1947 season , Anderson submitted his resignation as head coach ( effective in July 1948 ) , citing considerable loose talk about the state of the program . The team responded with a 13-7 victory over Minnesota . Fans begged Anderson to reconsider , and the Iowa athletic board denied his resignation , promising him a larger coaching staff and other football improvements . Anderson decided to stay , saying , I 'm glad we got things straightened out . The team 's statistical leaders included Bob Smith with 395 rushing yards and 30 points scored , Al DiMarco with 644 passing yards , and Emlen Tunnell with 262 receiving yards . Tunell later played 14 years in the National Football League and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Other players of note included Jack Dittmer , who later played six years in Major League Baseball , and end Harold Schoener , who was selected as the most valuable player on the 1947 Iowa team . The team played its home games at Iowa Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1986", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1986 , the 4th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Ocean Center , Daytona Beach , Florida on January 21 , 1986 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Allison Brown of Oklahoma was crowned by outgoing queen Kelly Hu of Hawaii . This was the first year the pageant was held in Daytona Beach , although it had been staged in Miami the previous year . The pageant was hosted by Michael Young , the host from 1983-1984 who returned from hosting after a break in 1985 . Colour commentary was provided by Morgan Brittany , and there was entertainment from The Commodores ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donkey_Kong_(Game_Boy)", "text": "Donkey Kong [ a ] is a 1994 platform game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game system , which also contains puzzle elements . Donkey Kong is loosely based on the 1981 arcade game of the same name and its sequel Donkey Kong Jr . The game was known under the working title Donkey Kong '94 before the release . Like in the original arcade and NES version , the player takes control of Mario and must rescue Pauline from Donkey Kong ( who are both given updated character designs for this game ) . Donkey Kong Jr. makes a guest appearance in the game on some levels , helping his father hinder Mario 's progress . This was the first Game Boy title designed with enhanced features when played on the Super Game Boy . It features gameplay elements from Donkey Kong , Donkey Kong Jr. , and Super Mario Bros. 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samuel_Alfred_Craig", "text": "Samuel Alfred Craig ( November 19 , 1839 - March 17 , 1920 ) was a Civil War soldier , attorney , and a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryerson_University", "text": "Ryerson University ( Ryerson or RyeU ) is a public research university in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . Its urban campus surrounds the Yonge-Dundas Square , located at one of the busiest intersections in downtown Toronto . The majority of its buildings are in the blocks northeast of the Yonge-Dundas Square in Toronto 's Garden District . Ryerson 's business school , Ted Rogers School of Management , is on the southwest end of the Yonge-Dundas Square , located on Bay Street , slightly north of Toronto 's Financial District and is attached to the Toronto Eaton Centre . The university has expanded substantially in recent years with new buildings such as the Mattamy Athletic Centre , in the historical Maple Leaf Gardens arena , former home of the Toronto Maple Leafs . The university 's administration services are also housed in 1 Dundas and 495 Yonge Street . The university is composed of 44,400 undergraduate students , 2,950 graduate students , and 12,000 continuing-education students . Ryerson is ranked 4th in Ontario and 10th in Canada by student enrollment . Ryerson University is home to Canada 's largest undergraduate business school , the Ted Rogers School of Management , and Canada 's third largest undergraduate engineering school , the Faculty of Engineering and Architectural Science , as well as the Faculty of Arts , Faculty of Communication & Design , Faculty of Community Services , and the Faculty of Science . In 2017 , the university was approved by the Federation of Law Societies of Canada to begin working towards establishing a social justice and innovation focused law school . The school will mark the third law school in Toronto after York 's Osgoode program and University of Toronto 's Law degree . In addition to offering full-time and part-time undergraduate and graduate programs leading to Bachelor 's , Master 's and Doctoral degrees , the university also offers part-time degrees , distance education , and certificates through the G. Raymond Chang School of Continuing Education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lina_Wertmüller", "text": "Lina Wertmüller ( Italian : [ ˈliːna vertˈmjuller , -mul- ] ; born 14 August 1928 ) is an Italian screenwriter and film director . She was the first woman nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for Seven Beauties in 1977 . She is also known for her films The Seduction of Mimi , Love and Anarchy and Swept Away . In 2019 , Wertmüller was announced as one of the four recipients of the Academy Honorary Award for her career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nokrek_Biosphere_Reserve", "text": "Nokrek National Park , the core area of Nokrek Biosphere Reserve , is a national park located approximately 2 km from Tura Peak in West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya , India . UNESCO added this National park to its list of Biosphere Reserves in May 2009 . Along with Balpakram national park , Nokrek is a hotspot of biodiversity in Meghalaya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rajauri", "text": "Rajouri or Rajauri ( /rəˈdʒɔːri/ ) is a Town in Rajouri district in the UT of Jammu and Kashmir , India . Rajouri is about 155 kilometres ( 96 mi ) from Srinagar and 150 km from Jammu city on the Poonch Highway . Baba Ghulam Shah Badshah University is based in the town . Famous Sikh General Banda Singh Bahadur also belonged to Rajouri ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warne–Muralitharan_Trophy", "text": "The Warne-Muralitharan Trophy is awarded to the winner of the Australia-Sri Lanka Test cricket series from 2007-08 season onwards . The trophy is named after the two leading wicket takers in Test cricket , Sri Lanka 's Muttiah Muralitharan ( who prefers to romanise his name as Muralidaran ) and Australia 's Shane Warne . The trophy celebrates the 25th anniversary of Australia-Sri Lanka Test cricket . The trophy features casts of the two bowlers ' right hands and match-used cricket balls bowled by them during their careers . Sri Lanka Cricket , the governing body of cricket in Sri Lanka had written to its Australian counterpart , Cricket Australia , that the winner of the series should be awarded a trophy named after the two bowlers . Cricket Australia had responded positively to the Sri Lankans ' proposal . In unveiling the trophy , Cricket Australia said in a statement ,"}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Davis,_Hong_Kong", "text": "Mount Davis ( Chinese : 摩星嶺 ) is an area surrounding and including the westernmost hill on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong . It is 269m tall . Home to mostly luxury residences , Mount Davis was originally settled after the construction of Victoria Road , Hong Kong by prominent Hong Kong families who were unable to live on Peak due to the zoning restriction in Peak District Reservation Ordinance , 1904 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All-Russia_State_Television_and_Radio_Broadcasting_Company", "text": "The All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company ( Russian : Всероссийская государственная телевизионная и радиовещательная компания , Vserossiyskaya Gosudarstvennaya Televizionnaya i Radioveshchatelnaya Kompaniya ) , in short VGTRK ( Russian : ВГТРК ) which operates many television and radio channels in 53 of Russia 's languages . The company was founded in 1990 and is based in Moscow . The broadcasting of the All-Russia TV and radio channels is located in Moscow , and also via the regional transmitting centres of the Russian Television and Radio Broadcasting Network forming the terrestrial transmitting network . TV and radio channels from Moscow are delivered to the regions via satellite and terrestrial communication channels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesse_Campbell_(American_football)", "text": "Jesse Gilbert Campbell Jr. ( born April 11 , 1969 ) is a former American football safety in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins , Philadelphia Eagles , and the New York Giants . He played college football at North Carolina State University and was drafted by the Eagles in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft . He was a high school football coach for Gulfport High School in Gulfport , Mississippi . He is now an assistant principal at West Craven Middle School in New Bern , North Carolina , just south of his home town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Board_of_Regents_of_the_University_of_Michigan", "text": "The Regents of the University of Michigan , sometimes referred to as the Board of Regents , are constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Michigan who collectively form the governing body of the University of Michigan , comprising the campuses at Ann Arbor , Flint , and Dearborn . The Board of Regents was first created by legislative act in 1837 , and the Regents as a body corporate have been defined in the Constitution of Michigan since 1850 . There are eight regents , two of whom are elected to an eight-year term by statewide ballot every two years , plus the President of the University of Michigan , who serves ex officio but does not vote . Michigan is one of four states with public university governing boards elected directly by the people ( along with Colorado , Nebraska , and Nevada ) . The Board of Regents is one of three elected university governing boards - along with the Michigan State University Board of Trustees and the Wayne State University Board of Governors - defined by the constitution of Michigan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_In_Mind_(1997_film)", "text": "Murder in Mind is a 1997 crime film directed by Andrew Morahan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Psicosis", "text": "Dionicio Castellanos Torres ( born May 19 , 1971 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler , better known by the ring names Psicosis ( sometimes Anglicised as Psychosis ) and Nicho el Millonario . He is best known for his appearances with the promotions Lucha Libre AAA World Wide , Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre and the World Wrestling Association , as well as his appearances in the United States with Extreme Championship Wrestling , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , World Championship Wrestling , and World Wrestling Entertainment . Championships held by Psicosis include the AAA World Tag Team Championship , WWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Championship , WWA World Welterweight Championship , and WWA World Trios Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Just_Survive", "text": "Just Survive was a survival massively multiplayer online game developed and published by Daybreak Game Company for Microsoft Windows . The game , originally known as H1Z1 and later as H1Z1 : Just Survive , is set during a zombie apocalypse in a rural area of the United States . In it , players attempt to survive against the natural elements such as wolves and bears , hordes of zombies , and thousands of potentially hostile survivors through interaction , scavenging for resources , building shelters , and crafting . The game released in early access in January 2015 , selling over a million copies within two months , before being discontinued in October 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pedernales_Province", "text": "Pedernales ( from Spanish , meaning 'Flints ' ; pronounced [ peðeɾˈnales ] ) is the southernmost province of the Dominican Republic , including the offshore island of Isla Beata . It was split from Barahona in 1957 . Of its 2,074.53 km² , 1374 km² belong to the Jaragua National Park . [ citation needed ] According to the UNFPA , in 2012 thirty percent of the provinces population was of Haitian origin . As of 2015 , it is estimated that Haitians are roughly 50% of the population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Concepción,_Chile", "text": "Concepción ( Spanish pronunciation : [ kon.sepˈsjon ] ( listen ) ; in full : Concepción de la Madre Santísima de la Luz , Conception of the Blessed Mother of Light ) is a city in central Chile and the core of the commune and metropolitan area of Greater Concepción , the country 's second largest urban conurbation . It has a significant impact on domestic trade being part of the most heavily industrialized region in the country . Its location is in the called Zona Centro Sur ( Central South Zone ) , in the geographic center of the country , and it is the capital of the Concepción Province and Bío Bío Region . It sits about 500 km south of Santiago , the country 's capital . Greater Concepción ( Gran Concepción , including Talcahuano , San Pedro de la Paz , Hualpén , Chiguayante , Penco , Tomé , Lota , Coronel , Hualqui and Concepción ) is the second-largest conurbation in the country , with 945,650 inhabitants ( 2012 census ) . Individually , it is the 11th largest commune in the country , with a population of 229,665 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2002–03_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2002-03 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 10 , 2002 , progressed through the regular season and conference tournaments , and concluded with the 2003 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament Championship Game on April 7 , 2003 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans , Louisiana . The Syracuse Orange and coach Jim Boeheim won their first NCAA national championship with an 81-78 victory over the Kansas Jayhawks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Wood_(baseball)", "text": "George Albert Wood ( November 9 , 1858 - April 4 , 1924 ) , also known as Dandy Wood , was a Canadian-born professional baseball player and manager whose career spanned from 1878 to 1896 . He played 13 seasons of Major League Baseball , primarily as an outfielder , for the Worcester Ruby Legs ( 1880 ) , Detroit Wolverines ( 1881-85 ) , Philadelphia Quakers ( 1886-89 ) , Philadelphia Athletics ( 1890-91 ) , Baltimore Orioles ( 1889 , 1892 ) , and Cincinnati Reds ( 1892 ) . In 1891 , he served as both a player and the manager of the Athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Comics_Group", "text": "American Comics Group ( ACG ) was an American comic book publisher started in 1939 and existing under the ACG name form 1943 to 1967 . It published the medium 's first ongoing horror-comics title , Adventures into the Unknown . ACG 's best-known character was the 1960s satirical-humor hero Herbie Popnecker , who starred for a time in Forbidden Worlds . Herbie would later get his own title and be turned into a superhero called the Fat Fury . Founded by Benjamin W. Sangor , ACG was co-owned by Fred Iger from 1948 to 1967 . Iger 's father-in-law , Harry Donenfeld , head of National Periodical Publications ( later known as DC Comics ) , was also a co-owner in the early 1960s ( though Donenfeld was severely incapacitated and out of the business after an accident in 1962 ) . ACG was distributed by Independent News Company , which also distributed by ( and was part of the same company as ) DC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Awendo", "text": "Awendo is a town in Migori County , Kenya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/JavaScript", "text": "JavaScript ( /ˈdʒɑːvəˌskrɪpt/ ) , often abbreviated as JS , is an interpreted programming language that conforms to the ECMAScript specification . JavaScript is high-level , often just-in-time compiled , and multi-paradigm . It has curly-bracket syntax , dynamic typing , prototype-based object-orientation , and first-class functions . Alongside HTML and CSS , JavaScript is one of the core technologies of the World Wide Web . JavaScript enables interactive web pages and is an essential part of web applications . The vast majority of websites use it for client-side page behavior , and all major web browsers have a dedicated JavaScript engine to execute it . As a multi-paradigm language , JavaScript supports event-driven , functional , and imperative programming styles . It has application programming interfaces ( APIs ) for working with text , dates , regular expressions , standard data structures , and the Document Object Model ( DOM ) . However , the language itself does not include any input/output ( I/O ) , such as networking , storage , or graphics facilities , as the host environment ( usually a web browser ) provides those APIs . Originally used only in web browsers , JavaScript engines are also now embedded in server-side website deployments and non-browser applications . Although there are similarities between JavaScript and Java , including language name , syntax , and respective standard libraries , the two languages are distinct and differ greatly in design ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bedok", "text": "Bedok /bəˈdɒk/ is a planning area and matured residential town located in the geographical region of Tanah Merah along the south-eastern coast of the East Region of Singapore . Population wise , Bedok is the largest planning area in the Republic , being home to an estimated 289,000 residents . This high demographic is largely explained by the affordable public housing in Bedok New Town , due to its relatively distant location from the Central Area . Besides public housing developments , private residences are also prevalent in the area , most of which are found in the neighbourhoods of Bayshore , Frankel Avenue and Siglap , in western and southwestern Bedok . Apart from the maritime boundary that the area shares with the Singapore Strait to the south and southeast , Bedok is also bounded by five other planning areas : Paya Lebar to the north , Hougang to the northwest , Tampines to the northeast and east , Geylang to the west and Marine Parade to the southwest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mills_Brothers", "text": "The Mills Brothers , sometimes billed the Four Mills Brothers , and originally known as the Four Kings of Harmony , were an American jazz and pop vocal quartet who made more than 2,000 recordings that sold more than 50 million copies and garnered at least three dozen gold records . The Mills Brothers were the first African-American artists to have their own show on national network radio , on CBS in 1930 , and the first to have a # 1 hit on the Billboard singles chart , with Paper Doll in 1943 . They were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gothenburg", "text": "Gothenburg ( /ˈɡɒθənbɜːrɡ/ ( listen ) ; abbreviated Gbg ; Swedish : Göteborg [ jœtɛˈbɔrj ] ( listen ) ) is the second-largest city in Sweden , fifth-largest in the Nordic countries , and capital of the Västra Götaland County . It is situated by Kattegat , on the west coast of Sweden , and has a population of approximately 570,000 in the city proper and about 1 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area . Gothenburg was founded as a heavily fortified , primarily Dutch , trading colony , by royal charter in 1621 by King Gustavus Adolphus . In addition to the generous privileges ( e.g . tax relaxation ) given to his Dutch allies from the then-ongoing Thirty Years ' War , the king also attracted significant numbers of his German and Scottish allies to populate his only town on the western coast . At a key strategic location at the mouth of the Göta älv , where Scandinavia 's largest drainage basin enters the sea , the Port of Gothenburg is now the largest port in the Nordic countries . Gothenburg is home to many students , as the city includes the University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology . Volvo was founded in Gothenburg in 1927 . The original parent Volvo Group and the now separate Volvo Car Corporation are still headquartered on the island of Hisingen in the city . Other key companies are SKF and Astra Zeneca . Gothenburg is served by Göteborg Landvetter Airport 30 km ( 19 mi ) southeast of the city center . The smaller Göteborg City Airport , 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the city center , was closed to regular airline traffic in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/It's_My_Life_(Bon_Jovi_song)", "text": "It 's My Life is song by American rock band Bon Jovi . It was released on May 23 , 2000 as the lead single from their seventh studio album , Crush ( 2000 ) . The song was written and produced by Jon Bon Jovi , Richie Sambora , and Max Martin , and co-produced by Luke Ebbin . The song peaked at number one in Austria , Flemish Belgium , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Romania , Spain and Switzerland while charting within the top 10 across several other countries and peaking at number 33 on the US Billboard Hot 100 . Though the band had moved away from the glam-oriented sound with 1992 's Keep the Faith , it has the distinction of making Bon Jovi one of the only bands once classified as 1980s glam metal to reach the top 40 in the 2000s , a testament to how the song managed to introduce the band to a new , younger fanbase . The song is arguably their best-known post-1980s hit single and it has been performed at almost every live show since its release . The song also appeared in Mitsubishi Motors promotional videos in from 2001 until 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metro_Manila", "text": "Metropolitan Manila ( often shortened as Metro Manila ; Tagalog : Kalakhang Maynila ) , officially the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , is the seat of government and one of three defined metropolitan areas in the Philippines . It is composed of 16 cities : the city of Manila , Quezon City , Caloocan , Las Piñas , Makati , Malabon , Mandaluyong , Marikina , Muntinlupa , Navotas , Parañaque , Pasay , Pasig , San Juan , Taguig , and Valenzuela , as well as the municipality of Pateros . The region encompasses an area of 619.57 square kilometers ( 239.22 sq mi ) and a population of 12,877,253 as of 2015 . It is the second most populous and the most densely populated region of the Philippines . It is also the 9th most populous metropolitan area in Asia and the 5th most populous urban area in the world . The region is the center of culture , economy , education and government of the Philippines . Designated as a global power city , the region exerts a significant impact on commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , both locally and internationally . It is the home to all the consulates and embassies in the Philippines , thereby making it an important center for international diplomacy in the country . Its economic power makes the region the country 's premier center for finance and commerce . The region accounts for 37.2% of the gross domestic product of the Philippines . The region was established in 1975 through Presidential Decree No . 824 in response to the needs to sustain the growing population and for the creation for the center of political power and the seat of the Government of the Philippines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_W._Ewing", "text": "Thomas W. Tom Ewing ( born September 19 , 1935 in Atlanta , Illinois ) is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives and the Illinois State House of Representatives . Ewing was a state representative from 1974 to 1991 , and a U.S . Congressman representing the 15th district of Illinois from July 2 , 1991 until his retirement on January 3 , 2001 . In January 1995 he was named a Deputy Republican House Whip . While a U.S . Congressman , Thomas Ewing was considered to be a Conservative , favoring a smaller , less intrusive government , but more on economic issues than on social ones . Ewing has a B.S . from Millikin University , Decatur , Illinois , where he was a member of the Illinois Delta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon , and a J.D . from John Marshall Law School in Chicago . Ewing served in the United States Army Reserve from 1957 to 1963 . He practiced law privately from 1968 until 1991 , and Ewing was the Livingston County , Illinois Assistant State 's Attorney from 1968 until 1973 . He earned his seat in Congress after a special election was called following the resignation of Edward Madigan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calendar_date", "text": "A calendar date is a reference to a particular day represented within a calendar system . The calendar date allows the specific day to be identified . The number of days between two dates may be calculated . For example , 24 February 2020 is ten days after 14 February 2020 in the Gregorian calendar . The date of a particular event depends on the observed time zone . For example , the air attack on Pearl Harbor that began at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian time on 7 December 1941 took place at 3:18 a.m. Japan Standard Time , 8 December in Japan . A particular day may be represented by a different date in another calendar as in the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar , which have been used simultaneously in different places . In most calendar systems , the date consists of three parts : the day of the month , the month , and the year . There may also be additional parts , such as the day of the week . Years are usually counted from a particular starting point , usually called the epoch , with era referring to the particular period of time ( note the different use of the terms in geology ) . The most widely used epoch is a conventional birthdate of Jesus ( which was established by Dionysius Exiguus in the sixth century ) . A date without the year may also be referred to as a date or calendar date ( such as 20 February rather than 20 February 2020 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NCAA_Division_I_FCS_independent_schools", "text": "NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision independent schools are four-year institutions in the United States whose football programs are not part of a football conference . This means that FCS independents are not required to schedule each other for competition as conference schools do . As of the next college football season of 2020 , three schools will play as FCS independents . Presbyterian will spend only the 2020 season as an independent . It began a transition to non-scholarship FCS football in 2017 and will play the final season of that transition as an FCS independent before joining the Pioneer Football League in 2021 . ( Presbyterian will remain a full but non-football Big South member . ) Also in 2020 , Dixie State and Tarleton State will move up from Division II , with both joining the non-football Western Athletic Conference . Both schools have announced they will play as FCS independents for the foreseeable future . The only school that had played as an FCS independent in the most recently completed 2019 season , North Dakota , will join the Missouri Valley Football Conference in July 2020 . The Fighting Hawks left the Big Sky Conference for the non-football Summit League in July 2018 , but agreed to honor existing contracts to play Big Sky members in football , and thus played a full Big Sky football schedule in both 2018 and 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Nacional_(Lima)", "text": "The Estadio Nacional of Peru is a multi-purpose stadium located in Lima , Peru . Its current capacity is 40,000 seats as stated by the Peruvian Football Federation without the lodges for some thousands more . The stadium was first inaugurated on 27 October 1952 for the 1953 South American Championship - replacing the Stadium Nacional - and is Peru 's principal and national stadium . It has hosted three of the six South American Championship/Copa América football competitions held in Peru . It is referred to as the Coloso de José Díaz because of its proximity to a street of the same name . It is the home ground of the Peru national football team . The IPD ( Peruvian Sport Institute ) - a branch of the Ministry of Education - is the stadium 's administrating entity . The stadium has undergone several renovations for tournaments such as the 2004 Copa América . The artificial turf was installed for the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship . It will probably be used at the 2021 FIFA U-17 World Cup . The most recent renovation started in 2010 and concluded in 2011 . The re-inauguration ceremony of the renovated stadium was held on 24 July 2011 with a match between the Peru national under-20 football team and the Spain national under-20 football team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Highway_26", "text": "Highway 26 is a highway in the western portion of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The southernmost point is a junction with Highway 4 , north of North Battleford . From there , it runs generally northwest , including a 29 km concurrency with Highway 3 from just north of Turtleford to just south of St. Walburg , where it turns to a more northerly route ( while Highway 3 continues west ) . Highway 26 continues north until it terminates at a junction with Highway 224 and Highway 950 , at the northern edge of the village of Goodsoil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hey_Arnold!", "text": "Hey Arnold ! is an American animated children 's television series created by Craig Bartlett that aired on Nickelodeon from October 7 , 1996 , to June 8 , 2004 . The show centers on a fourth grader named Arnold , who lives with his grandparents in an inner-city boarding house . Episodes center on his experiences navigating urban life while dealing with the problems he and his friends encounter . Bartlett 's idea for the show is based on a minor character named Arnold whom he created while working on Pee-wee 's Playhouse . The executives enjoyed the character , and Bartlett completed the cast by drawing inspiration from people he grew up with in Portland , Oregon , and Seattle , Washington . Bartlett created the pilot episode in his living room in 1994 and official production began in 1995 . The animators worked to transform Arnold from clay animation to cel animation , leading to the series premiere . The show finished production in 2001 after 5 seasons and 100 episodes . A feature film based on the series , Hey Arnold ! : The Movie , was released in 2002 . All five seasons have been released on DVD ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1987_NCAA_Division_I-A_football_season", "text": "The 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season ended with Miami winning its second national championship during the '80s in an Orange Bowl match-up featuring a rare No . 1 vs. No . 2 matchup between the top ranked Oklahoma Sooners and the Hurricanes . Miami 's first three games were against ranked opponents , in what was labeled as a rebuilding year , when after some late game theatrics by Michael Irvin against rival Florida State , the Hurricanes were 3-0 , the national media started to take notice . Oklahoma was also seen as quite the juggernaut , averaging 428.8 yards rushing per game with their potent wishbone offense . Miami was able to hold Oklahoma to just 179 yards on the ground , winning the game 20-14 . Also having notable seasons were Syracuse , LSU and Florida State . Syracuse finished the season 11-0-1 and ranked No . 4 after a controversial Sugar Bowl game in which Auburn kicked a late field goal to end the game in a tie . LSU went 10-1-1 , ending the season ranked No . 5 . This was LSU 's first ten win season in 26 years and their highest ranking since 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellator_MMA_in_2018", "text": "2018 was the tenth year in the history of Bellator MMA , a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United States . This year marked the fourth time that Bellator MMA has done monthly shows as opposed to a seasonal format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mokpo_International_Football_Center", "text": "The Mokpo International Football Center is a football-specific stadium and training ground in Mokpo , South Korea and was built in 2009 . It has six football pitch . Two are nature grounds , three are artificial turf grounds and one ground for youth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dystopia", "text": "A dystopia ( from Ancient Greek δυσ- bad and τόπος place ; alternatively , cacotopia , kakotopia , or simply anti-utopia ) is a community or society that is undesirable or frightening . It is translated as bad place and is an antonym of utopia , a term that was coined by Sir Thomas More and figures as the title of his best known work , published 1516 , a blueprint for an ideal society with minimal crime , violence and poverty . Dystopias are often characterized by dehumanization , tyrannical governments , environmental disaster , or other characteristics associated with a cataclysmic decline in society . Dystopian societies appear in many fictional works and artistic representations particularly in stories set in the future . Some of the most famous examples are George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four , Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World and Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 . Dystopian societies appear in many sub-genres of fiction and are often used to draw attention to society , environment , politics , economics , religion , psychology , ethics , science or technology . Some authors use the term to refer to existing societies , many of which are or have been totalitarian states or societies in an advanced state of collapse . Some scholars , such as Gregory Claeys and Lyman Tower Sargent , make certain distinctions between typical synonyms of dystopias . For example , Claeys and Sargent define literary dystopias as societies imagined as substantially worse than the society in which the author writes , whereas anti-utopias function as criticisms of attempts to implement various concepts of utopia . In his Dystopia : A Natural History ( Oxford University Press , 2017 ) Claeys offers a more nuanced and historical approach to these definitions . Here the tradition is traced from early reactions to the French Revolution . Its commonly anti-collectivist character is stressed , and the addition of other themes ( the dangers of science and technology , of social inequality , of corporate dictatorship , of nuclear war ) are also traced ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Family_Guy", "text": "Family Guy is an American animated sitcom television series created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company . The series centers on the Griffins , a family consisting of parents Peter and Lois ; their children , Meg , Chris , and Stewie ; and their anthropomorphic pet dog , Brian . The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog , Rhode Island , and exhibits much of its surreal & dark humor in the form of metafictional cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture . The family was conceived by MacFarlane after developing two animated films , The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve . MacFarlane redesigned the films ' protagonist , Larry , and his dog , Steve , and renamed them Peter and Brian , respectively . MacFarlane pitched a seven-minute pilot to Fox in 1998 , and the show was greenlit and began production . Shortly after the third season of Family Guy had aired in 2002 , Fox canceled the series with one episode left unaired . Adult Swim aired that episode in 2003 , finishing the series ' original run . However , favorable DVD sales and high ratings for syndicated reruns on Adult Swim convinced the network to renew the show in 2004 for a fourth season , which began airing on May 1 , 2005 . Since its debut on January 31 , 1999 , 340 episodes of Family Guy have been broadcast . Its eighteenth season began on September 29 , 2019 . The show has been widely acclaimed , prompting Family Guy to be nominated for 12 Primetime Emmy Awards and 11 Annie Awards , and has won three of each ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-58", "text": "STS-58 was a mission flown by Space Shuttle Columbia launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 18 October 1993 . The missions was primarily devoted to experiments concerning the physiological effects of spaceflight . This was the first in-flight use of the Portable In-flight Landing Operations Trainer simulation software . It was also the last time Columbia would land at Edwards Air Force Base ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tornado_(film)", "text": "Tornado is a 1943 film directed by William A. Berke and starring Chester Morris and Nancy Kelly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorf_on_Golf", "text": "Dorf on Golf is a 1987 comedy film starring Tim Conway , Vincent Schiavelli and Michele Smith . The film is the first in a series of eight films released by Conway and J2 Communications using the Dorf sporting theme . The film had a total cast of three ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Allseas", "text": "Allseas Group S.A. is a Swiss-based offshore contractor specialising in pipelay , heavy lift and subsea construction . The company , founded in 1985 by owner and president Edward Heerema , employs 4,000 people and operates worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hawaii", "text": "Hawaiʻi ( /həˈwaɪi/ ( listen ) hə-WY-ee ; Hawaiian : Hawaiʻi [ həˈvɐjʔi ] ) is a state of the United States of America . It is the only state located in the Pacific Ocean and the only state composed entirely of islands . The state encompasses nearly the entire Hawaiian archipelago , 137 islands spread over 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) . The volcanic archipelago is physiographically and ethnologically part of the Polynesian subregion of Oceania . At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are , in order from northwest to southeast : Niʻihau , Kauaʻi , Oʻahu , Molokaʻi , Lānaʻi , Kahoʻolawe , Maui , and Hawaiʻi . The last is the largest island in the group ; it is often called the Big Island or Hawaiʻi Island to avoid confusion with the state or archipelago . Hawaiʻi is the 8th-smallest geographically and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the 50 states . It is the only state with an Asian American plurality . Hawaii has more than 1.4 million permanent residents , along with many visitors and U.S. military personnel . The state capital and largest city is Honolulu on the island of Oʻahu . The state 's ocean coastline is about 750 miles ( 1,210 km ) long , the fourth longest in the U.S. , after the coastlines of Alaska , Florida , and California . Hawaii is the most recent state to join the union , on August 21 , 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CJUM-FM", "text": "CJUM-FM 101.5 FM ( UMFM ) is a volunteer-driven campus radio station in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , based at the University of Manitoba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Hurricanes", "text": "The Miami Hurricanes ( known informally as UM , UMiami , or The U ) are the intercollegiate varsity sports teams that represent the University of Miami , located in the Coral Gables suburb of Miami , Florida . In box scores for sporting events , the Hurricanes sports teams are usually referred to as Miami ( FL ) to differentiate from the Miami RedHawks , an NCAA Division I school located in Oxford , Ohio . They compete in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . The university fields 15 athletic teams for 17 varsity sports . Men 's teams compete in baseball , basketball , cross-country , diving , football , tennis , and track and field . Women 's teams compete in basketball , cross-country , swimming and diving , golf , rowing , soccer , tennis , track and field , and volleyball . UM has approximately equal participation by male and female varsity athletes in these sports . The athletic department 's colors are orange , green , and white . The school mascot is Sebastian the Ibis . The ibis was selected as the school 's mascot because , according to university legend , it is the last animal to flee an approaching hurricane and the first to reappear after the storm , making it a symbol of leadership and courage . The school 's athletics logo is a simple green and orange , color of an orange tree , letter U . The school 's marching band is the Band of the Hour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen's_University_Belfast", "text": "Queen 's University Belfast ( informally Queen 's or QUB ) is a public research university in Belfast , Northern Ireland . [ note 1 ] The university was chartered in 1845 , and opened in 1849 as Queen 's College , Belfast . Queen 's University Belfast is one of the leading universities in the UK and Ireland with a distinguished heritage and history . Today , Queens is ranked in the top 173 universities in the world ( QS World Rankings 2020 ) , with the second highest ranking in Ireland . Queen 's offers academic degrees at various levels and across a broad subject range , with over 300 degree programmes available . The current president and vice-chancellor is Ian Greer . The annual income of the institution for 2017-18 was £369.2 million of which £91.7 million was from research grants and contracts , with an expenditure of £338.4 million . Queen 's is a member of the Russell Group of leading research intensive universities , the Association of Commonwealth Universities , the European University Association , Universities UK and Universities Ireland . The university is associated with two Nobel laureates and one Turing Award laureate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corrado_Fabi", "text": "Corrado Fabi ( born 12 April 1961 in Milan ) is a former racing driver from Italy . He participated in 18 Formula One Grands Prix , debuting on 13 March 1983 , scoring no championship points . He was the 1982 European Formula Two Champion driving a March-BMW ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stjepan_Sarkotić", "text": "Stjepan Freiherr Sarkotić von Lovćen ( also Stefan Sarkotić , Stjepan Sarkotić , or Stephan Sarkotić ; 4 October 1858 - 16 October 1939 ) was an Austro-Hungarian Army lieutenant field marshal who served as Governor of Bosnia and Herzegovina and military commander of Dalmatia and Montenegro during the World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liverpool", "text": "Liverpool is a city and metropolitan borough in Merseyside , England . As of 2018 , the population is approximately 494,814 . Liverpool is the ninth-largest English district by population , and the largest in Merseyside and the Liverpool City Region . It lies within the United Kingdom 's sixth-most populous urban area . Liverpool 's metropolitan area is the fifth-largest in the United Kingdom , with a population of 2.24 million . Liverpool is on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary , and historically lay within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the southwest of the county of Lancashire in North West England . It became a borough in 1207 and a city in 1880 . In 1889 , it became a county borough independent of Lancashire . Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution . Along with handling general cargo , freight , and raw materials such as coal and cotton , the city merchants were involved in the Atlantic slave trade . In the 19th century , it was a major port of departure for English and Irish emigrants to North America . Liverpool was home to both the Cunard and White Star Line , and was the port of registry of the ocean liners RMS Titanic , RMS Lusitania , RMS Queen Mary , and RMS Olympic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patriot_League", "text": "The Patriot League is a collegiate athletic conference comprising private institutions of higher education and two United States service academies based in the Northeastern United States . Outside the Ivy League , it is among the most selective group of higher education institutions in NCAA Division I and has a very high student-athlete graduation rate for both the NCAA graduation success rate and the federal graduation rate . The Patriot League consists of 10 core members : American University , the United States Military Academy ( Army ) , Boston University , Bucknell University , Colgate University , College of the Holy Cross , Lafayette College , Lehigh University , Loyola University Maryland and the United States Naval Academy ( Navy ) . All 10 core members participate in the NCAA 's Division I for all Patriot League sports that they offer . Since not all schools sponsor every available NCAA sport , such as ice hockey and wrestling , most schools are affiliated with other collegiate conferences . Additionally , the Patriot League has a unique arrangement for football . Bucknell , Colgate , Holy Cross , Lafayette , and Lehigh are members of the Patriot League 's Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) conference . Of the five other conference members , American , Boston University and Loyola Maryland do not sponsor football while Army and Navy play in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ; Army is an independent while Navy currently competes as an associate member of the American Athletic Conference . Four other private institutions are Patriot League members only for specific sports and are referred to as 'Patriot League associate members . ' Fordham University and Georgetown University are associate members in football , while MIT is an associate member in women 's rowing and University of Richmond is an associate member in women 's golf ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Giants", "text": "The New York Giants are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) East division . The team plays its home games at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , which it shares with the New York Jets . The Giants hold their summer training camp at the Quest Diagnostics Training Center at the Meadowlands Sports Complex . The Giants were one of five teams that joined the NFL in 1925 , and are the only one of that group still existing , as well as the league 's longest-established team in the Northeastern United States . The team ranks third among all NFL franchises with eight NFL championship titles : four in the pre-Super Bowl era ( 1927 , 1934 , 1938 , 1956 ) and four since the advent of the Super Bowl ( XXI ( 1986 ) , XXV ( 1990 ) , XLII ( 2007 ) , and XLVI ( 2011 ) ) , along with more championship appearances than any other team , with 19 overall appearances . Their championship tally is surpassed only by the Green Bay Packers ( 13 ) and the Chicago Bears ( 9 ) . Throughout their history , the Giants have featured 29 Hall of Fame players , including NFL Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award winners Mel Hein , Frank Gifford , Y . A. Tittle , and Lawrence Taylor . To distinguish themselves from the professional baseball team of the same name , the football team was incorporated as the New York National League Football Company , Inc. in 1929 and changed to New York Football Giants , Inc. in 1937 . While the baseball team moved to San Francisco after the 1957 season , the football team continues to use New York Football Giants , Inc. as its legal corporate name , and is often referred to by fans and sportscasters as the New York Football Giants . The team has also acquired several nicknames , including Big Blue , the G-Men , and the Jints , an intentionally mangled contraction seen frequently in the New York Post and New York Daily News , originating from the baseball team when they were based in New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Journalist", "text": "A journalist is a person who collects , writes , or distributes news or other current information to the public . A journalist 's work is called journalism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mansher_Singh", "text": "Mansher Joey Singh ( born 1 December 1965 in Calcutta ) is an Indian Sport shooter who specializes in double trap and trap . At the 2008 Olympic Games , he finished in first place in the trap qualification . He also came first at the 2004 Olympic Games . In addition , he has medals from the Asian Games and the Commonwealth Games . In the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria , British Columbia , he won a gold medal in trap event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abel_(hominid)", "text": "Abel ( KT-12/H1 ) is the name given to the only specimen ever discovered of Australopithecus bahrelghazali . Abel was found in January 1995 in Chad in the Kanem Region by the paleontologist Michel Brunet , who named the fossil Abel in memory of his close friend Abel Brillanceau , who had died of malaria in 1989 . Of Abel remains only part of a jaw , which explains the little information discernable concerning its way of life . The few teeth confirm it to be of the genus Australopithecus : it has a second premolar with a broad and molarized crown , not dissimilar to the Lucy fossil , and as such to the Australopithecus afarensis . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Reader's_Digest", "text": "Reader 's Digest is an American general-interest family magazine , published ten times a year . Formerly based in Pleasantville , New York , it is now headquartered in Midtown Manhattan . The magazine was founded in 1922 , by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace . For many years , Reader 's Digest was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States ; it lost the distinction in 2009 to Better Homes and Gardens . According to Mediamark Research ( 2006 ) , Reader 's Digest reaches more readers with household incomes of $ 100,000+ than Fortune , The Wall Street Journal , Business Week , and Inc. combined . Global editions of Reader 's Digest reach an additional 40 million people in more than 70 countries , via 49 editions in 21 languages . The periodical has a global circulation of 10.5 million , making it the largest paid circulation magazine in the world . It is also published in Braille , digital , audio , and in a large type called Reader 's Digest Large Print . The magazine is compact , with its pages roughly half the size of most American magazines . Hence , in the summer of 2005 , the U.S. edition adopted the slogan America in your pocket . In January 2008 , it was changed to Life well shared ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_NBA_Development_League_season", "text": "The 2015-16 NBA Development League season was the 15th season of the NBA Development League ( NBA D-League ) . The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The League expanded to a record 19 teams for the 2015-16 season . An expansion team , Raptors 905 , joined the 18 teams from the previous season , while the Fort Wayne Mad Ants were purchased by the Indiana Pacers , leaving just 11 NBA teams without a D-League affiliate for this season ( in the 2016-17 season the number of NBA teams without a D-League affiliate will reduce to 8 with the debuts of franchises owned by the Brooklyn Nets , Charlotte Hornets , and Chicago Bulls ) . The league consisted of two conferences with two divisions each , three with five and one with four . To even out the divisions , the Canton Charge were moved from the East Division to the Central Division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Legend_of_Oasis", "text": "The Legend of Oasis , released as The Story of Thor 2 in Europe and as Thor ~Chronicles of the Elemental King~ [ a ] in Japan , is a 1996 action role-playing game developed by Ancient and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn . It is the successor and prequel to the 1994 title Beyond Oasis for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis . The player takes the role of Leon , who must find the six elemental spirits and use their powers to fight the evil wizard Agito and his legions of creatures . The game was first announced under the title Legend of Thor . It was originally planned for the 32X add-on shortly after the release of its predecessor , however the idea was scrapped before the game 's development , according to an official statement and documents from Ancient ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix,_AZ", "text": "Phoenix is the capital and most populous city in Arizona , with 1,660,272 people ( as of 2018 [ update ] ) . It is also the fifth most populous city in the United States , and the only state capital with a population of more than one million residents . Phoenix is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area , also known as the Valley of the Sun , which in turn is part of the Salt River Valley . The metropolitan area is the 11th largest by population in the United States , with approximately 4.73 million people as of 2017 [ update ] . Phoenix is the seat of Maricopa County and the largest city in the state at 517.9 square miles ( 1,341 km2 ) , more than twice the size of Tucson and one of the largest cities in the United States . Phoenix was settled in 1867 as an agricultural community near the confluence of the Salt and Gila Rivers and was incorporated as a city in 1881 . It became the capital of Arizona Territory in 1889 . It is in the northeastern reaches of the Sonoran Desert and has a hot desert climate . Despite this , its canal system led to a thriving farming community with the original settler 's crops remaining important parts of the Phoenix economy for decades , such as alfalfa , cotton , citrus , and hay . Cotton , cattle , citrus , climate , and copper were known locally as the Five C 's anchoring Phoenix 's economy . These remained the driving forces of the city until after World War II , when high-tech companies began to move into the valley and air conditioning made Phoenix 's hot summers more bearable . The city averaged a four percent annual population growth rate over a 40-year period from the mid-1960s to the mid-2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Analía_Rosa", "text": "Anália de Oliveira Rosa ( born 28 February 1976 ) is a Portuguese long-distance runner who competes in cross country , track and road running events , including the marathon . She has represented Portugal at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships a total of nine times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The biathlon competition at the 2010 Winter Olympics were held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler , British Columbia . The events were held between the 13th and 26 February 2010 . The men 's individual biathlon was notable for the awarding of two silver medals due to two competitors finishing with a tie ( 48:32.0 ) . No bronze medal was awarded in this event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Son", "text": "Juan Carlos Pereda ( born January 24 , 1984 in Guadalajara , Mexico ) is a Mexican singer and composer of experimental music . He was the vocals of the alternative rock band Porter and collaborated with Simone Pace ( Blonde Redhead ) as the drummer for AEIOU . He also performs solo under the pseudonym Juan Son . His musical style is described as a beautiful concoction of confident lyricism , squeezebox rock , Mexican folk , electronic tinkering , and theatrical dance music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Real_Madrid_C.F.", "text": "Real Madrid Club de Fútbol ( Spanish pronunciation : [ reˈal maˈðɾið ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol ] ( listen ) , meaning Royal Madrid Football Club ) , commonly referred to as Real Madrid , is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid . Founded on 6 March 1902 as Madrid Football Club , the club has traditionally worn a white home kit since inception . The word real is Spanish for royal and was bestowed to the club by King Alfonso XIII in 1920 together with the royal crown in the emblem . The team has played its home matches in the 81,044-capacity Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in downtown Madrid since 1947 . Unlike most European sporting entities , Real Madrid 's members ( socios ) have owned and operated the club throughout its history . The club was estimated to be worth €3.8 billion ( $ 4.2 billion ) in 2019 , and it was the second highest-earning football club in the world , with an annual revenue of €757,3 million in 2019 . The club is one of the most widely supported teams in the world . Real Madrid is one of three founding members of La Liga that have never been relegated from the top division since its inception in 1929 , along with Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona . The club holds many long-standing rivalries , most notably El Clásico with Barcelona and El Derbi with Atlético Madrid . Real Madrid established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s , winning five consecutive European Cups and reaching the final seven times . This success was replicated in the league , which the club won five times in the space of seven years . This team , which consisted of players such as Alfredo Di Stéfano , Ferenc Puskás , Francisco Gento , and Raymond Kopa , is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest team of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canterbury", "text": "Canterbury ( /ˈkæntərbəri/ ( listen ) , /-bɛri/ ) is a historic English cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site , situated in the heart of the City of Canterbury , a local government district of Kent , England . It lies on the River Stour . The Archbishop of Canterbury is the primate of the Church of England and the worldwide Anglican Communion owing to the importance of St Augustine , who served as the apostle to the pagan Kingdom of Kent around the turn of the 7th century . The city 's cathedral became a major focus of pilgrimage following the 1170 martyrdom of Thomas Becket , although it had already been a well-trodden pilgrim destination since the murder of St Alphege by the men of King Canute in 1012 . A journey of pilgrims to Becket 's shrine served as the frame for Geoffrey Chaucer 's 14th century classic The Canterbury Tales . Canterbury is a popular tourist destination : consistently one of the most-visited cities in the United Kingdom , the city 's economy is heavily reliant upon tourism . The city has been occupied since Paleolithic times and served as the capital of the Celtic Cantiaci and Jute Kingdom of Kent . Many historical structures fill the area , including a city wall founded in Roman times and rebuilt in the 14th century , the ruins of St Augustine 's Abbey and a Norman castle , and the oldest extant school in the world , the King 's School . Modern additions include the Marlowe Theatre and the St Lawrence Ground , home of the Kent County Cricket Club . There is also a substantial student population , brought about by the presence of the University of Kent , Canterbury Christ Church University , the University for the Creative Arts , and the Girne American University Canterbury campus . Canterbury remains , however , a small city in terms of geographical size and population , when compared with other British cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Winram", "text": "William James Winram ( January 8 , 1838 - February 12 , 1891 ) was a Canadian politician in the province of Manitoba . Born in Douglas , Isle of Man , as one of a set of twins , the son of James Winram , a shipbuilder , and Annie Hartley , who lived in Ulverston , England , but often traveled back and forth between Liverpool and the Isle of Man , as they had built the ferry which ran between these two ports . Winram was educated at Liverpool Collegiate Institute . He worked for his father as a mechanical engineer until emigrating to Canada and settling in the County of Simcoe , Ontario . In 1878 , he moved to Manitoba , where he was a farmer in the Pembina Mountain district . He was acclaimed to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as the Liberal candidate for the electoral district of Dufferin South in 1879 and was re-elected in 1883 and 1886 , and then was acclaimed for Manitou in 1888 . From August 28 , 1888 to February 12 , 1891 , he was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba . Winram was married twice : first to Catherine Ingersoll in 1863 and then to Mary Bannerman in 1863 following his first wife 's death . There still exists a church , St. Mary St. Alban Anglican Church and Cemetery , also known as the Winram Memorial Church , in the Rural District of Pembina , Manitoba , which was erected in memory of him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/House_of_Cards_(1993_film)", "text": "House of Cards is a 1993 American drama film co-written and directed by Michael Lessac and starring Kathleen Turner and Tommy Lee Jones . It follows the struggle of a mother to reconnect with her daughter who has been traumatized by the death of her father . The film premiered at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival before being acquired by Miramax Films for distribution in June of the same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_O'Neil", "text": "Dennis J. Denny O'Neil ( born May 3 , 1939 ) is an American comic book writer and editor , principally for Marvel Comics and DC Comics from the 1960s through the 1990s , and Group Editor for the Batman family of titles until his retirement . His best-known works include Green Lantern/Green Arrow and Batman with Neal Adams , The Shadow with Michael Kaluta and The Question with Denys Cowan . As an editor , he is principally known for editing the various Batman titles . As of 2013 [ update ] , he sits on the board of directors of the charity The Hero Initiative and serves on its Disbursement Committee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/64_Zoo_Lane", "text": "64 Zoo Lane is a British-French children 's cartoon created by English author An Vrombaut . The series was produced by Millimages , Zoo Lane Productions , and La Cinquième . The series premiered in 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Union_Army", "text": "During the American Civil War , the Union Army referred to the United States Army , the land force that fought to preserve the Union of the collective states . Also known as the Federal Army , it proved essential to the preservation of the United States as a working , viable republic . The Union Army was made up of the permanent regular army of the United States , but further fortified , augmented , and strengthened by the many temporary units of dedicated volunteers as well as including those who were drafted in to service as conscripts . To this end , the Union Army fought and ultimately triumphed over the efforts of the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War . Over the course of the war , 2,128,948 men enlisted in the Union Army , including 178,895 colored troops ; 25% of the white men who served were foreign-born . Of these soldiers , 596,670 were killed , wounded or went missing . The initial call-up was for just three months , after which many of these men chose to reenlist for an additional three years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Army", "text": "The United States Army ( USA ) is the land warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces . It is one of the eight U.S. uniformed services , and is designated as the Army of the United States in the U.S. Constitution . As the oldest and most senior branch of the U.S. military in order of precedence , the modern U.S. Army has its roots in the Continental Army , which was formed ( 14 June 1775 ) to fight the American Revolutionary War ( 1775-1783 ) - before the United States of America was established as a country . After the Revolutionary War , the Congress of the Confederation created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 to replace the disbanded Continental Army . The United States Army considers itself descended from the Continental Army , and considers its institutional inception to be the origin of that armed force in 1775 . As a uniformed military service , the U.S. Army is part of the Department of the Army , which is one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense . The U.S. Army is headed by a civilian senior appointed civil servant , the secretary of the Army ( SECARMY ) and by a chief military officer , the chief of staff of the Army ( CSA ) who is also a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . It is the largest military branch , and in the fiscal year 2017 , the projected end strength for the Regular Army ( USA ) was 476,000 soldiers ; the Army National Guard ( ARNG ) had 343,000 soldiers and the U.S. Army Reserve ( USAR ) had 199,000 soldiers ; the combined-component strength of the U.S. Army was 1,018,000 soldiers . As a branch of the armed forces , the mission of the U.S. Army is to fight and win our Nation 's wars , by providing prompt , sustained land dominance , across the full range of military operations and the spectrum of conflict , in support of combatant commanders . The branch participates in conflicts worldwide and is the major ground-based offensive and defensive force of the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_F._Kennedy", "text": "Robert Francis Kennedy ( November 20 , 1925 - June 6 , 1968 ) , sometimes referred to by the initials RFK , was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 64th United States Attorney General from January 1961 to September 1964 , and as a U.S . Senator from New York from January 1965 until his assassination in June 1968 . Kennedy , like his brothers John and Edward , was a prominent member of the Democratic Party and has come to be viewed by some historians as an icon of modern American liberalism . Kennedy was born into a wealthy , political family in Brookline , Massachusetts . After serving in the U.S . Naval Reserve as a seaman apprentice from 1944 to 1946 , Kennedy returned to his studies at Harvard University , graduating in 1948 . He received his law degree from the University of Virginia , and was admitted to the Massachusetts bar in 1951 . He began his career as a correspondent for The Boston Post and as a lawyer at the Justice Department , but later resigned to manage his brother John 's successful campaign for the U.S. Senate in 1952 . The following year , he worked as an assistant counsel to the Senate committee chaired by Senator Joseph McCarthy . He gained national attention as the chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee from 1957 to 1959 , where he publicly challenged Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa over the corrupt practices of the union and authored The Enemy Within , a book about corruption in organized labor . Kennedy resigned from the committee to conduct his brother 's campaign in the 1960 presidential election . He was appointed United States Attorney General after the successful election and served as the closest advisor to the President from 1961 to 1963 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laban_Chege", "text": "Laban Chege ( born 10 September 1969 ) is a Kenyan athlete who specialises in middle and long distance running . He finished tenth at the 1997 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships , and a seventh-place finish at the 1999 edition helped him win a bronze medal with Kenya in the team competition . He won the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale race on consecutive occasions in 1995 and 1996 . He won the City to Surf race in Sydney twice in 1999 and 2000 . He has also competed in cross country running , having won the 1998 Belfast International Cross Country meeting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fern_Hill", "text": "Fern Hill ( 1945 ) is a poem by Dylan Thomas , first published in the October , 1945 , Horizon magazine , with its first book publication as the last poem in Deaths and Entrances . The house Fernhill is just outside Llangain in Carmarthenshire . Thomas had extended stays here in the 1920s with his aunt Annie and her husband , Jim Jones , and wrote about the house in his short story , The Peaches . His holidays here have been recalled in interviews with his schoolboy friends , and both the house and the Thomas family network in the area are detailed in the same book . A further account describes both Thomas childhood and later years on the family farms between Llangain and Llansteffan , as well as questioning whether the poem Fern Hill was inspired by the house Fernhill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mantri_Square", "text": "Mantri Square ( Kannada : ಮಂತ್ರಿ ಚೌಕ ) is a shopping mall situated in the Malleswaram locality in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . Mantri Square is one of the biggest malls in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moira_Kelly", "text": "Moira Kelly ( born March 6 , 1968 ) is an American actress . She is best known for portraying Kate Moseley in the 1992 film The Cutting Edge as well as single mother Karen Roe on the teen drama One Tree Hill . She is also known for playing the role of Donna Hayward in Twin Peaks : Fire Walk with Me , replacing Lara Flynn Boyle in the prequel to the 1990 TV series Twin Peaks . Other roles include Dorothy Day in Entertaining Angels : The Dorothy Day Story , White House media consultant Mandy Hampton in the first season of The West Wing , and the voice of Simba 's love interest Nala in The Lion King and its sequels The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride and The Lion King 1 1/2 . She also played Hetty Kelly and Oona O'Neill in Chaplin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Inawashiro", "text": "Inawashiro ( 猪苗代町 , Inawashiro-machi ) is a town located in Fukushima Prefecture , Japan . As of 1 November 2018 [ update ] , the town had an estimated population of 14,400 in 5403 households , and a population density of 36 persons per km² . The total area of the town was 394.85 square kilometres ( 152.45 sq mi ) . It is noted as the birthplace of the famous doctor Hideyo Noguchi , who contributed to knowledge in the fight against syphilis and yellow fever ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terence_Rattigan", "text": "Sir Terence Mervyn Rattigan , CBE ( 10 June 1911 - 30 November 1977 ) was a British dramatist . He was one of England 's most popular mid 20th century dramatists . His plays are typically set in an upper-middle-class background . He wrote The Winslow Boy ( 1946 ) , The Browning Version ( 1948 ) , The Deep Blue Sea ( 1952 ) and Separate Tables ( 1954 ) , among many others . A troubled homosexual , who saw himself as an outsider , his plays centred on issues of sexual frustration , failed relationships , and a world of repression and reticence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Cave_(video_game)", "text": "The Cave is a puzzle-platform/adventure video game developed by Double Fine Productions and published by Sega in January 2013 on the PlayStation Network , Nintendo eShop and Xbox Live Arcade storefronts via the PlayStation 3 , Wii U and Xbox 360 consoles and on Steam for Microsoft Windows , OS X and Linux . It was later released on October 3 , 2013 on iOS devices , and on December 2 , 2013 on the Ouya . The game was created by Ron Gilbert , building on an idea that he has had for nearly twenty years about a cave that lures people into it to explore their darker personality traits . The game is rated teen for blood and violence . The game borrows concepts from his earlier 1987 game , Maniac Mansion , such as the player initially selecting three different characters from a cast of seven to explore the Cave . Many of the game 's puzzles require the three characters to work in coordination to complete , while some puzzles are specific to the unique abilities of a character ; in this manner the Cave can only be fully explored through multiple play-throughs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/7.5_cm_Infanteriegeschütz_42", "text": "The 7.5 cm Infanteriegeschütz 42 ( 7.5 cm IG 42 ) was an infantry support gun , used by Germany , during World War II . The requirement for this weapon came out of combat experience in 1940 when the existing IG 18 was felt to be outdated . However , by the time Krupp had completed the design a hollow charge shell had been designed for the IG 18 and the gun was not put into production . In 1944 the requirement was raised again and the barrel from the original design was mated with the carriage from the PAW 600 gun . An order was given for 1,450 guns . The first IG 42s were delivered in October 1944 equipped with muzzle brakes . It is unclear how many were taken into service until the end of the war ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Mary's_Assumption_Church_(New_Orleans,_Louisiana)", "text": "St. Mary 's Assumption Church is a National Historic Landmark church at Constance and Josephine Streets in New Orleans , Louisiana , U.S . The church was completed in 1860 , built for the swelling German Catholic immigrant population in the Lower Garden District section of the city ( the church across the street , Saint Alphonsus Church , was built at the same time for the swelling Irish Catholic immigrant population in the same area ) . Both churches are extremely beautiful and ornate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thornton,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Thornton is a village and civil parish on the River Great Ouse about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) north-east of Buckingham in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire . The toponym is derived from the Old English for thorn tree by a farm . The Domesday Book of 1086 records the village as Ternitone . The earliest record of the Church of England Church of Saint Michael and All Angels dates from 1219 . The present building is 14th-century , but was dramatically restored between 1770 and 1800 and largely rebuilt by the Gothic Revival architect John Tarring in 1850 . The restorers retained mediaeval features including the 14th-century belltower , chancel arch and clerestory and 15th century clerestory windows . The Tudor Revival Thornton Hall ( now Thornton College ) was also built to John Tarring 's designs in 1850 . It incorporates parts of a medieval house modernised in the 18th century . The manor was home to Richard Cavendish ( 1794-1876 )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sašha_Djordjević", "text": "Aleksandar Saša Đorđević or Sale Đorđević ( Anglicized : Sasha Djordjevic ; Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Саша Ђорђевић , pronounced [ aleksǎːndar sâʃa dʑǒːrdʑeʋitɕ ] ; born 26 August 1967 ) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player . He currently serves as a head coach for Virtus Bologna of the Italian Serie A . During his playing career , he was a 1.88 m ( 6 ' 2 ) 90 kg ( 198 lb . ) point guard , and he played in 108 games with the senior Yugoslavian national basketball team . Đorđević led the KK Partizan to its first EuroLeague title in 1992 , while he earned the All-Final Four Team selection . He was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors . In 1995 , Đorđević received the Golden Badge award for the Best Athlete of Yugoslavia , and the Yugoslav Olympic Committee declared him the Sportsman of the Year . He became the first one to win an medal in Olympics , World Cup and Eurobasket as a player and as a coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_Golf_Hall_of_Fame", "text": "The World Golf Hall of Fame is located at World Golf Village near St. Augustine , Florida , in the United States , and it is unusual among sports halls of fame in that a single site honors both men and women . It is supported by a consortium of 26 golf organizations from all over the world . The Hall of Fame Museum Building was designed by the specialist museum architecture firm E. Verner Johnson and Associates of Boston . They also produced the museum master plan that established the size , mission and qualities of the museum and the surrounding facilities and site . The Hall of Fame Museum features a permanent exhibition and a rolling program of temporary exhibitions . Designed by museum design firm Ralph Appelbaum Associates , the Hall of Fame and exhibition area contains exhibits on the game 's history , heritage , and techniques ; major players and organizations ; golf course design , equipment , and dress ; and new directions , such as ecological concerns in course management ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Balveny", "text": "There have been several peerage titles created with the name Avondale ( or Avandale ) , referring to the dale ( or valley ) of the Avon Water in Scotland . The word strath also means valley , and the area is now better known as Strathaven . The title Earl of Avondale , along with that of Lord Balveny , was created for James Douglas , known as the Gross , in 1437 . He was a younger son of Archibald Douglas , 3rd Earl of Douglas and succeeded to the Earldom of Douglas in 1440 following the deaths of his nephew and great-nephew . The titles were forfeit in 1455 on the attainder of his son James Douglas , 9th Earl of Douglas and 3rd Earl of Avondale . The second creation was for Andrew Stuart , who was created Lord Avondale in 1459 . He was a son of Sir Walter Stewart and therefore a grandson of Murdoch Stewart , 2nd Duke of Albany . He served as Chancellor of Scotland between 1460 and 1482 , and died in 1488 , when the title became extinct . The third creation was for another Andrew Stuart , who was created Lord Avondale in about 1499 . He was a great-grandson of Sir Walter Stewart , and thus a great-nephew of the first Lord Avondale . On his death on 9 September 1513 , he was succeeded by his son , also named Andrew . The second Lord Avondale exchanged his title for that of Lord Ochiltree on 15 March 1543 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republican_Party_(United_States)", "text": "The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_submarine_U-46_(1938)", "text": "German submarine U-46 was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She had a highly successful career during the war ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Jaguars", "text": "The Southern Jaguars and Lady Jaguars represent Southern University in NCAA intercollegiate athletics . Southern University 's 13 athletic teams participate in the Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) which is a part of the NCAA Division I . Football participates in the Football Championship Subdivision ( formerly Division I-AA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marcello_Lippi", "text": "Marcello Lippi Commendatore OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : [ marˈtʃɛllo ˈlippi ] ; born 12 April 1948 ) is an Italian former professional football player and current manager who most recently managed China . He served as Italian national team head coach from 16 July 2004 to 12 July 2006 and led Italy to win the 2006 FIFA World Cup . He was re-appointed as Italian national team head coach in the summer of 2008 and was succeeded by Cesare Prandelli after the disappointing performance in the 2010 FIFA World Cup . Lippi is regarded as one of the greatest and most successful managers in football history , and in 2007 , The Times included him on its list of the top 50 managers of all time . Throughout his career as a manager he won one World Cup title , five Serie A titles , three Chinese Super League titles , one Coppa Italia , one Chinese FA Cup , four Italian Supercups , one UEFA Champions League , one AFC Champions League , one UEFA Supercup and one Intercontinental Cup . He is the first and to date the only coach to win both the UEFA Champions League and the AFC Champions League . He was named the world 's best football manager by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics ( IFFHS ) both in 1996 and 1998 , and world 's best National coach in 2006 . He is the first coach to have won the most prestigious international competitions both for clubs in different continents , and for national teams ( the UEFA Champions League and the Intercontinental Cup in 1996 with Juventus ; the AFC Champions League in 2013 with Guangzhou ; and the FIFA World Cup in 2006 with Italy ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Easthampstead", "text": "Easthampstead is today a southern suburb of the town of Bracknell in the English county of Berkshire , although the old village can still be easily identified around the Church of St Michael and St Mary Magdalene . This building houses some of the finest stained glass works of Sir Edward Burne-Jones ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_U.S._Women's_Open_Golf_Championship", "text": "The 2015 U.S. Women 's Open Golf Championship was the 70th U.S. Women 's Open , held July 9-12 at Lancaster Country Club in Lancaster , Pennsylvania . The U.S. Women 's Open is the oldest of the five current major championships and the third of the 2015 season . It had the largest purse in women 's golf , at $ 4.5 million in 2015 . Additionally , the tournament set an attendance record for the U.S. Women 's Open at 135,000 spectators for the week . The tournament was televised by Fox Sports 1 and Fox Sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Giordano", "text": "Richard Joseph Dick Giordano ( /dʒɔːrˈdɑːnoʊ/ ; July 20 , 1932 - March 27 , 2010 ) was an American comics artist and editor whose career included introducing Charlton Comics ' Action Heroes stable of superheroes and serving as executive editor of DC Comics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Associação_Atlética_Ponte_Preta", "text": "Associação Atlética Ponte Preta ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ɐsosjɐˈsɐ̃w ɐˈtlɛtʃikɐ ˈpõtʃi ˈpɾetɐ ] ) , commonly known as Ponte Preta , is a Brazilian football club located in Campinas , São Paulo . Ponte Preta is also known as Macaca . Ponte Preta 's biggest rival is from the same city , Guarani , against whom matches are known as derby ( dérbi in Portuguese ) . They are known as pontepretanos . Ponte Preta is the second oldest football team established in Brazil still in activity , founded on August 11 , 1900 , the oldest being Sport Club Rio Grande , of Rio Grande do Sul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pompeo_Leoni", "text": "Leone Leoni ( ca . 1509 - 22 July 1590 ) was an Italian sculptor of international outlook who travelled in Italy , Germany , Austria , France , Spain and the Netherlands . Leoni is regarded as the finest of the Cinquecento medallists . He made his reputation in commissions he received from the Habsburg monarchs Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor and Philip II of Spain . His usual medium was bronze , although he also worked in marble and alabaster , carved gemstones and probably left some finished work in wax ( in which many of his sculptures were modelled ) , as well as designing coins . He mainly produced portraits , and was repeatedly used by the Spanish , and also the Austrian , Habsburgs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1931_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1930-31 NHL season was the 14th season of the National Hockey League . Ten teams played 44 games each . The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antônio_Pizzonia", "text": "Antônio Reginaldo Pizzonia Júnior ( born 11 September 1980 ) is a Brazilian professional racing driver who has raced in Formula One and the Champ Car World Series . As of 2013 , he is competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship ( driving for Delta-ADR ) and the Grand-Am Rolex Series ( driving for Michael Shank Racing ) . Born in Manaus , Pizzonia started his car racing career in the Formula Vauxhall Junior series in 1997 , and then progressed through various junior formulae , winning the Formula Vauxhall Junior Winter Festival in 1997 , the Formula Vauxhall Junior and Formula Renault Winter Festival in 1998 , the Formula Renault 2.0 UK in 1999 , and the British Formula 3 Championship in 2000 . For 2001 and 2002 , he entered the Formula 3000 , with his best championship finish being sixth in 2001 . In 2003 , he was signed by the Jaguar Formula One team , but following poor results , was released during the season . In 2004 , he replaced the injured Ralf Schumacher at Williams in several events , securing his first Formula One points in the process . In 2005 , he replaced Nick Heidfeld at Williams , but was released from his contract at the end of the season . Since then , he has competed in multiple series , such as the Champ Car World Series , the Superleague Formula , Stock Car Brasil , and the FIA GT1 World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Rally_México", "text": "The Rally Mexico competition in 2014 was won by the French drivers Sébastien Ogier and Julien Ingrassia for the Volkswagen Motorsport team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Slovenia", "text": "The Prime Minister of Slovenia , officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Slovenia ( ) , is the head of the Government of the Republic of Slovenia . There have been nine officeholders since the country gained parliamentary democracy in 1989 and independence in 1991 . The Prime Minister of Slovenia is nominated by the President of the Republic after consultation with the parties represented in the National Assembly . He is then formally elected by a simple majority of the National Assembly . If no candidate receives a majority , a new vote must be held within 14 days . If no candidate receives a majority after this round , the President must dissolve the legislature and call new parliamentary elections unless the National Assembly agrees to hold a third round . If no candidate is elected after a third round , then the legislature is automatically dissolved pending new elections . In practice , since the appointee must command a majority of the National Assembly in order to govern , he or she is usually the leader of the majority party in the National Assembly or the leader of the senior partner in the governing coalition . The National Assembly can only withdraw its support from a Prime Minister by way of a constructive vote of no confidence-that is , a motion of no confidence is of no effect unless a prospective successor has the support of a majority . The Prime Minister is also President of the National Security Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waltz", "text": "The waltz ( from German Walzer [ ˈvalt͡sɐ̯ ] ) is a ballroom and folk dance , normally in triple ( help·info ) time , performed primarily in closed position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taz-Mania", "text": "Taz-Mania is an American cartoon sitcom produced by Warner Bros . Animation from 1991 to 1995 , broadcast in the United States on Fox . The show follows the adventures of the Looney Tunes character Taz ( The Tasmanian Devil ) in the fictional land of Tazmania ( based on Tasmania ) . Similar to other Warner Brothers cartoons of its time , such as Animaniacs and Tiny Toon Adventures , Taz-Mania frequently broke the fourth wall , and often made jokes showing that Taz could actually speak perfectly normally when he wanted to . The intro indicates that , in this rendering of Tasmania , the sky 's always yellow , rain or shine . The title song is performed by Jess Harnell and Jim Cummings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1994_Asian_Games", "text": "Wrestling was one of the sports which was held at the 1994 Asian Games in Higashi-Hiroshima Sports Park , Hiroshima , Japan between 4 October and 10 October 1994 . The competition included only men 's events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anarkali_(1953_film)", "text": "Anarkali is a 1953 Indian historical drama film , directed by Nandlal Jaswantlal , and written by Nasir Hussain and Hameed Butt , based on the historical legend of the Mughal emperor Jahangir ( Salim ) . As per the legend , Jahangir revolted against his father Akbar over his love for a common girl called Anarkali . It was the top grossing Hindi film in the year of its release - 1953 . Another film on the same theme was Mughal-e-Azam , released in 1960 , which turned out to be one of the biggest box office success in the history of Indian cinema and a major critical success as well ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colombia", "text": "Colombia ( /kəˈlʌmbiə/ ( listen ) kə-LUM-bee-ə , /-ˈlɒm-/ -⁠LOM- ; Spanish : [ koˈlombja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Colombia ( Spanish : República de Colombia ( help·info ) ) , [ Note 1 ] is a country largely situated in the north of South America , with land and territories in North America . Colombia is bounded on the north by the Caribbean Sea , the northwest by Panama , the south by both Ecuador and Peru , the east by Venezuela , the southeast by Brazil , and the west by the Pacific . It comprises thirty-two departments , with the capital in Bogotá . Colombia is ethnically and linguistically diverse , with its rich cultural heritage reflecting influences by various Amerindian civilizations , European settlement , forced African labor , and immigration from Europe and the greater Middle East . Urban centres are concentrated in the Andean highlands and the Caribbean coast . Colombia has been inhabited by various American Indian peoples since at least 12,000 BCE , including the Muisca , Quimbaya , and the Tairona . Spaniards arrived in 1499 and by the mid-16th century annexed part of the region , establishing the New Kingdom of Granada , with Santafé de Bogotá as its capital . Independence from Spain was achieved in 1819 , but by 1830 the Gran Colombia Federation was dissolved , with what is now Colombia and Panama emerging as the Republic of New Granada . The new sovereign state experimented with federalism as the Granadine Confederation ( 1858 ) , and then the United States of Colombia ( 1863 ) , before the Republic of Colombia was finally declared in 1886 . Panama seceded in 1903 , leading to Colombia 's present borders . Beginning in the 1960s , the country suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict and political violence , both of which escalated in the 1990s . Since 2005 , there has been significant improvement in security , stability , and rule of law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baghdad_Eyalet", "text": "Baghdad Eyalet ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت بغداد ; Eyālet-i Baġdād ) was an Iraqi eyalet of the Ottoman Empire centered on Baghdad . Its reported area in the 19th century was 62,208 square miles ( 161,120 km2 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brisbane_Roar", "text": "Brisbane Roar Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club based in Brisbane , Queensland and has won the domestic title on three separate occasions , as well as holding the longest unbeaten record of 36 league matches without defeat . Brisbane competes in the country 's premier competition , the A-League , and has ex Liverpool and England international player Robbie Fowler as manager . The club has a shared history with Queensland Lions F.C . who competed in the inaugural A-League season as Queensland Roar . This shared history with Lions , dating back to Hollandia F.C . and 1957 , comfortably makes them the oldest club in the A-League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pohitullin_Sports_Hall", "text": "Pohitullin Sports Hall ( ) is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in Uusikaupunki . It is currently home to the Korihait Finnish professional basketball team , which competes in the Korisliiga . It has also been the homecourt of Finland national basketball team for a couple of times . The arena was opened in the year 1981 and has a seating capacity of 1,507 people . Record attendance is 2,500 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexei_Nemov", "text": "Alexei Yurievich Nemov ( Russian : Алексей Юрьевич Немов ; born 28 May 1976 in Barashevo , Mordovia ) is a former artistic gymnast from Russia and one of the most celebrated gymnasts of all time . During his career , he won five world championships , three European championships and twelve Olympic medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1974_UCI_Road_World_Championships", "text": "The 1974 UCI Road World Championships took place on 25 August 1974 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . The Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal and the 1976 Summer Olympics follows a similar course to this World Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_State_Cougars", "text": "The Washington State Cougars are the athletic teams that represent Washington State University . Located in Pullman , Washington , WSU is a member of the Pac-12 Conference in NCAA Division I . The athletic program comprises ten women 's sports and six men 's intercollegiate sports , and also offers various intramural sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2015-16 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 13 . The first tournament was the 2K Sports Classic and ended with the Final Four in Houston April 2-4 . Practices officially began on October 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toledo_Rockets_football", "text": "The Toledo Rockets football team is a college football program in Division I FBS , representing the University of Toledo . The Rockets compete in the Mid-American Conference . Toledo began playing football in 1917 , although it did not field teams in 1931 , and 1943-1945 . Since the inception of the AP Poll in 1936 Toledo has finished in the Top 25 four times . Its highest finish came in 1970 when it ranked # 12 after finishing 12-0-0 . The University of Toledo has a 10-7 record in bowl games . The Rockets were the 2017 MAC champions . The team 's current head coach is Jason Candle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shiloh-Marion_Baptist_Church_and_Cemetery", "text": "Shiloh-Marion Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic place in Buena Vista , Georgia . The Greek Revival style church building was constructed in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 . It is a one-story one-room wood frame building with a gable roof , on stone piers . It is covered with weatherboard siding and has no exterior ornamentation . One reason the church was deemed significant is that it represents the former community of Church Hill . It is the only surviving structure of the community , which once had five churches plus an academy . It had a phone line in 1885 and it had a post office until 1903 . Its NRHP nomination notes an association to the Christian Union faith :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Katharine_McPhee", "text": "Katharine Hope McPhee Foster ( born March 25 , 1984 ) is an American actress , singer , and songwriter . In May 2006 , she was the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol . Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30 , 2007 , and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 , selling 381,000 copies ( as of December 2010 ) . The album 's first single , Over It , was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008 . Her second album , Unbroken , was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5 , 2010 , and debuted at No . 27 on the Billboard 200 . The album featured the single Had It All , which peaked at number 22 on the AC chart . It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011 . Her third album , the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You , was released on October 12 , 2010 . The album debuted at number 11 on the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart , while the single Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas peaked at number 16 on the Billboard AC chart . As of January 2011 , this album had sold 23,000 copies . McPhee released her fourth album , Hysteria , on September 18 , 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hainault_tube_station", "text": "Hainault is a London Underground station in Hainault , east London , England . The station is on the Central line between Fairlop and Grange Hill stations . Since 2 January 2007 the station is in Travelcard Zone 4 . This station is also home to one of the three Central line depots ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Riding_of_Yorkshire", "text": "The East Riding of Yorkshire , or simply East Riding or East Yorkshire , is an area in Northern England and can refer either to the administrative county ( Local Government Area ) of the East Riding of Yorkshire which is a unitary authority , to the ceremonial county ( Lieutenancy ) of the East Riding of Yorkshire or to the easternmost of the three subdivisions ( ridings ) of the traditional county of Yorkshire . No two of these areas share the same geographical boundaries despite sharing the same name . The traditional East Riding of Yorkshire includes parts of ceremonial North Yorkshire such as Filey but not Goole , whereas both the administrative and ceremonial East Riding of Yorkshire include Goole but not those parts of North Yorkshire . Both the traditional and ceremonial East Riding include Kingston upon Hull , but the administrative East Riding does not as Kingston upon Hull is in its own unitary authority . The traditional East Riding covers a larger area than both the ceremonial and administrative East Riding . The East Riding , North Riding and West Riding were treated as three separate counties for many purposes , such as having separate quarter sessions . In 1889 under the Local Government Act 1888 , administrative counties with a county council were created on the historic boundaries . In 1974 both the Local Government Area and the Lieutenancy of the East Riding of Yorkshire were abolished under the Local Government Act 1972 , being succeeded in most of the riding by the newly created Humberside which included parts of the West Riding and parts of Lincolnshire . The modern Local Government Area and the ceremonial East Riding of Yorkshire were formed in 1996 from the northern part of Humberside upon its abolition . At the 2011 Census , the population was 334,179 . The landscape consists of a crescent of low chalk hills , the Yorkshire Wolds , surrounded by the low-lying fertile plains of Holderness and the Vale of York . The Humber Estuary and North Sea mark its southern and eastern limits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SRC_Dubočica", "text": "SRC Dubočica ( Serbian Cyrillic : СРЦ Дубочица ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Leskovac , Serbia . The capacity of the arena is 3,600 people . It is currently home to the Zdravlje basketball team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Innsbruck", "text": "Innsbruck ( German : [ ˈɪnsbʁʊk ] ; Bavarian : [ ˈɪnʃprʊk ] ) is the capital city of Tyrol and the fifth-largest city in Austria . It is in the Inn valley , at its junction with the Wipp valley , which provides access to the Brenner Pass some 30 km ( 18.6 mi ) to the south . Located in the broad valley between high mountains , the so-called North Chain in the Karwendel Alps ( Hafelekarspitze , 2,334 metres or 7,657 feet ) to the north , and the Patscherkofel ( 2,246 m or 7,369 ft ) and Serles ( 2,718 m or 8,917 ft ) to the south . Innsbruck is an internationally renowned winter sports centre ; it hosted the 1964 and 1976 Winter Olympics as well as the 1984 and 1988 Winter Paralympics . Innsbruck also hosted the first Winter Youth Olympics in 2012 . The name translates as 'Bridge over the River Inn ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dakota_Wizards", "text": "The Dakota Wizards were an American professional basketball team based in Bismarck , North Dakota . They played in the NBA Development League from 2006 until 2012 . After the 2011-12 season , the team relocated to Santa Cruz , California , and now plays as the Santa Cruz Warriors . Prior to entering the D-League in 2006 , the Wizards spent 11 years playing in minor American leagues such as the International Basketball Association and the Continental Basketball Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pyu_people", "text": "The Pyu city states ( Burmese : ပျူ မြို့ပြ နိုင်ငံများ ) were a group of city-states that existed from c. 2nd century BCE to c. mid-11th century in present-day Upper Burma ( Myanmar ) . The city-states were founded as part of the southward migration by the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu people , the earliest inhabitants of Burma of whom records are extant . The thousand-year period , often referred to as the Pyu millennium , linked the Bronze Age to the beginning of the classical states period when the Pagan Kingdom emerged in the late 9th century . The city-states - five major walled cities and several smaller towns have been excavated - were all located in the three main irrigated regions of Upper Burma : the Mu River Valley , the Kyaukse plains and Minbu region , around the confluence of the Irrawaddy and Chindwin Rivers . Part of an overland trade route between China and India , the Pyu realm gradually expanded south . Halin , founded in the 1st century AD at the northern edge of Upper Burma , was the largest and most important city until around the 7th or 8th century when it was superseded by Sri Ksetra ( near modern Pyay ) at the southern edge . Twice as large as Halin , Sri Ksetra was the largest and most influential Pyu centre . The Pyu culture was heavily influenced by trade with India , importing Buddhism as well as other cultural , architectural and political concepts , which would have an enduring influence on the Culture of Burma and political organisation . The Pyu calendar , based on the Buddhist calendar , later became the Burmese calendar . Recent scholarship , though yet not settled , suggests that the Pyu script , based on the Indian Tamil language Brahmi script , may have been the source of the Burmese script used to write the Burmese language . The millennium-old civilisation came crashing down in the 9th century when the city-states were destroyed by repeated invasions from the Kingdom of Nanzhao . The Bamar people , who came from Nanzhao , set up a garrison town at Bagan at the confluence of the Irrawaddy and Chindwin Rivers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peggy_Schwarz", "text": "Peggy Schwarz ( born 4 September 1971 in Berlin ) is a German figure pair skater . She first gained prominence skating with Alexander König . The duo captured a bronze medal at the 1988 European Figure Skating Championships and then won gold at the German Figure Skating Championships in 1992 . They also competed in the Winter Olympics three times , finishing 7th in 1988 , 1992 , and again in 1994 . Schwarz took a break from skating and gave birth to a son , Michel , in 1995 . The following year , she joined forces with Mirko Müller . The pair went on to win three gold medals at the German nationals from 1998 to 2000 . After competing in the 1998 Winter Olympics , they captured the bronze medal at the World Figure Skating Championships that year . Schwarz retired from skating in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seoul_Subway_Line_5", "text": "Seoul Subway Line 5 of the Seoul Metro , dubbed the purple line , is a long line crossing from the west to the east across the Seoul National Capital Area , South Korea . It is one of two subway lines in Seoul to cross under the Han River ( the other being Bundang Line ) , which is done at two points ( between Mapo-Yeouinaru and Gwangnaru-Cheonho ) . It branches into two different lines at Gangdong Station to terminate at Sangil-dong Station and Macheon Station . The total length of this line is 52.3 kilometres ( 32.5 mi ) . Upon opening , it was among the longest underground railway tunnels of any kind constructed . Today it is the third longest continuous underground subway tunnel in the world , just behind Guangzhou Metro Line 3 and Beijing Subway Line 10 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tamedia_AG", "text": "TX Group AG ( formerly Tamedia AG ) is a media company headquartered in Zurich , Switzerland . Through a portfolio of daily and weekly newspapers , magazines and digital platforms , as well as own printing facilities , it is the largest media group in the country . Since 2000 , Tamedia has been listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange . On January 1 , 2020 , Tamedia was renamed to TX Group AG ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_J._Skindell", "text": "Michael J. Skindell ( born 1962 ) is the state representative for the 13th district of the Ohio House of Representatives after previously serving there from 2003 to 2010 . He also previously served as the state senator for the 23rd district of the Ohio Senate from 2011 to 2018 . He is a Democrat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kotake-Mukaihara_Station", "text": "Kotake-mukaihara Station ( 小竹向原駅 , Kotake-mukaihara-eki ) is a subway station in Nerima , Tokyo , Japan , operated by Tokyo Metro . Its station numbers for the Tokyo Metro Yurakucho and Fukutoshin Lines are Y-06 and F-06 respectively . Its station number for the Seibu Yūrakuchō Line is SI37 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pickworth,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Pickworth is a village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish including Braceby and Sapperton was 243 at the 2011 census . It is situated approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) both east from Grantham and south from Sleaford . The 1086 Domesday Book lists Pickworth as having forty households and a church . The Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew is a Grade I listed building built of limestone and dating from the 12th century . The 14th-century rebuilding of the church is said to date from 1356 , probably by the Pickworth family . Over the chancel arch are 14th-century wall paintings dated to about 1380 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pimlico_Race_Course", "text": "Pimlico Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racetrack in Baltimore , Maryland , most famous for hosting the Preakness Stakes . Its name is derived from the 1660s when English settlers named the area where the facility currently stands in honor of Olde Ben Pimlico 's Tavern in London . The racetrack is nicknamed Old Hilltop after a small rise in the infield that became a favorite gathering place for thoroughbred trainers and race enthusiasts . It is currently owned by the Stronach Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saran_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Saran Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India . This constituency came into existence in 2008 as a part of the implementation of delimitation of parliamentary constituencies based on the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted in 2002 . Before delimitation , it was Chapra ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.S.D._OltrepòVoghera", "text": "Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica OltrepòVoghera , usually referred to as simply OltrepòVoghera , is an Italian association football team from Stradella and Voghera Lombardy . It currently plays in Serie D ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amazon_(company)", "text": "Amazon.com , Inc. ( /ˈæməzɒn/ ) , is an American multinational technology company based in Seattle that focuses on e-commerce , cloud computing , digital streaming , and artificial intelligence . It is considered one of the Big Four tech companies , along with Google , Apple , and Facebook . It 's been referred to as one of the most influential economic and cultural forces in the world . Amazon is known for its disruption of well-established industries through technological innovation and mass scale . It is the world 's largest online marketplace , AI assistant provider , and cloud computing platform as measured by revenue and market capitalization . Amazon is the largest Internet company by revenue in the world . It is the second largest private employer in the United States and one of the world 's most valuable companies . Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos in Bellevue , Washington , in July 1994 . The company initially started as an online marketplace for books but later expanded to sell electronics , software , video games , apparel , furniture , food , toys , and jewelry . In 2015 , Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization . In 2017 , Amazon acquired Whole Foods Market for US $ 13.4 billion , which vastly increased Amazon 's presence as a brick-and-mortar retailer . In 2018 , Bezos announced that its two-day delivery service , Amazon Prime , had surpassed 100 million subscribers worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosmin_Muj", "text": "Cosmin Muj ( born 6 November 1988 in Arad , Romania ) is a Romanian aerobic gymnast . He won one gold world championships medal on the group event and one bronze European championships medal on the trio event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Noonan_(architect)", "text": "Edward Joseph Noonan ( born May 30 , 1930 ) is an architect and real estate developer based in Chicago , Illinois , and the former interim president of Shimer College . He is the chairman of the board of Chicago Associates Planners & Architects , and was the lead architect in the Tryon Farm development near Michigan City , Indiana . Noonan has been associated with Shimer College since the 1990s , and was named an emeritus trustee in 2000 . Following the removal of Thomas K. Lindsay from the position of president of Shimer College , he was appointed interim president effective April 20 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massachusetts's_10th_congressional_district", "text": "Massachusetts 's 10th congressional district is an obsolete district that includes parts of the South Shore of Massachusetts , and all of Cape Cod and the islands . The District has existed since 1795 , but was removed for the 113th Congress in 2013 as district lines were redrawn to accommodate the loss of the seat due to reapportionment as a result of the 2010 Census . Effective from the elections of 2012 , most of the district falls into the new Massachusetts 9th congressional district , with some northern portions falling in the new 8th district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holden_VL_Commodore_SS_Group_A_SV", "text": "The Holden Commodore ( VL ) is a mid-size car that was produced by the Australian manufacturer Holden from 1986 to 1988 . It was the final iteration of the first generation of the Holden Commodore and included the luxury variant , Holden Calais ( VL ) . Between February 1986 and August 1988 , 151,801 VL model Commodores were built . It was designed in collaboration with Nissan Japan and the famous GM designer George Kordaz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marcelin,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Marcelin is a village in Saskatchewan , Canada within the rural municipality of Blaine Lake No . 434 . It was named after the first postmaster Antoine Marcelin in 1904 . It is the administrative headquarters of the Muskeg Lake Cree First Nations band government . During World War II , the Muskeg Lake reserve had the highest rates of Indigenous enlistment in the country , and Mary Greyeyes became the first First Nations woman to enlist in the Canadian Forces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-8", "text": "Patrol Squadron Eight ( VP-8 ) is a U.S. Navy land-based patrol squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Jacksonville , Florida ( USA ) . VP-8 is tasked to undertake maritime patrol , anti-submarine warfare ( ASW ) , and intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ( ISR ) missions . The Squadron is equipped with the Boeing P-8A Poseidon . The squadron was originally established as Patrol Squadron 201 ( VP-201 ) on 1 September 1942 , redesignated Patrol Bombing Squadron 201 ( VPB-201 ) on 1 October 1944 , redesignated Patrol Squadron 201 ( VP-201 ) on 15 May 1946 , redesignated Patrol Squadron , Medium Seaplane 1 ( VP-MS-1 ) on 15 November 1946 , redesignated Patrol Squadron , Medium Landplane 8 ( VP-ML-8 ) on 5 June 1947 and redesignated Patrol Squadron 8 ( VP-8 ) on 1 September 1948 . It is the second squadron to be designated VP-8 , the first VP-8 was redesignated VP-24 on 1 July 1939 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle_Seahawks", "text": "The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington . The Seahawks compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) West division . They joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team . The Seahawks are coached by Pete Carroll . Since 2002 , they have played their home games at CenturyLink Field ( formerly Qwest Field ) , located south of downtown Seattle . They previously played home games in the Kingdome ( 1976-1999 ) and Husky Stadium ( 1994 , 2000-2001 ) . Seahawks fans have been referred to collectively as the 12th Man , 12th Fan , or 12s . The Seahawks ' fans have twice set the Guinness World Record for the loudest crowd noise at a sporting event , first registering 136.6 decibels during a game against the San Francisco 49ers in September 2013 , and later during a Monday Night Football game against the New Orleans Saints a few months later , with a then record-setting 137.6 dB . The Seahawks are the only NFL franchise based in the Pacific Northwest region of North America , and thus attract support from a wide geographical area , including some parts of Oregon , Montana , Idaho , and Alaska , as well as Canadian fans in British Columbia , Alberta and Saskatchewan . Steve Largent , Cortez Kennedy , Walter Jones , and Kenny Easley have been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame primarily or wholly for their accomplishments as Seahawks . In addition to them , Dave Brown , Jacob Green , Dave Krieg , Curt Warner , and Jim Zorn have been inducted into the Seahawks Ring of Honor along with Pete Gross ( radio announcer ) and Chuck Knox ( head coach ) . The Seahawks have won 10 division titles and three conference championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maarten_van_Garderen", "text": "Maarten Van Garderen ( born 24 January 1990 ) is a Dutch male volleyball player . He is part of the Netherlands men 's national volleyball team . On club level he plays for Trentino Volley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tallaght", "text": "Tallaght ( /ˈtælə/ TAL-ə ; Irish : Tamhlacht , IPA : [ ˈt̪ˠəul̪ˠəxt̪ˠ ] ) is the largest settlement , and county town , of South Dublin , Ireland , and the largest suburb of Dublin . The central village area , dating from at least the 1st century , held one of the earliest monastic settlements known in the eastern part of the island , which became one of medieval Ireland 's more important monastic centres . Up to the 1960s Tallaght was a small village in the traditional County Dublin ( now the Dublin Region ) , linked to several nearby rural areas which were part of the large civil parish of the same name - the local council estimates the then population at 2,500 . Suburban development began in the 1970s and a town centre area has been developing since the late 1980s . There is no legal definition of the boundaries of Tallaght , but the electoral divisions known as Tallaght followed by the name of a locality have , according to the 2016 census , a population of 76,119 , up from 69,454 over five years . There have been calls in recent years for Tallaght to be declared a city . The village core of the district is located north of , and near to , the River Dodder , and parts of the broader area within South Dublin are close to the borders of Dublin City , Kildare , Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown and County Wicklow . Several streams flow in the area , notably the Jobstown or Tallaght Stream ( a tributary of the Dodder ) , and the Fettercairn Stream ( a tributary of the River Camac ) , while the Tymon River , the main component of the River Poddle ( Liffey tributary ) , rises in Cookstown , near Fettercairn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broch_of_Mousa", "text": "Broch of Mousa ( or Mousa Broch ) is a preserved Iron Age broch or round tower . It is on the island of Mousa in Shetland , Scotland . It is the tallest broch still standing and amongst the best-preserved prehistoric buildings in Europe . It is thought to have been constructed c. 100 BC , and is one of more than 500 brochs built in Scotland . The site is managed by Historic Environment Scotland as a scheduled monument ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eclipse_Public_License", "text": "The Eclipse Public License ( EPL ) is an open source software license most notably used for the Eclipse IDE and other projects by the Eclipse Foundation . It replaces the Common Public License ( CPL ) and removes certain terms relating to litigations related to patents . The Eclipse Public License is designed to be a business-friendly free software license , and features weaker copyleft provisions than licenses such as the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) . The receiver of EPL-licensed programs can use , modify , copy and distribute the work and modified versions , in some cases being obligated to release their own changes . The EPL is approved by the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) and is listed as a free software license by the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) . Discussion of a new version of the EPL began in May 2013 . Version 2.0 was announced on 24 August 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thurlby,_South_Kesteven", "text": "Thurlby is a village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated just west of the A15 road , 2 miles ( 3 km ) south from the town of Bourne , and on the edge of the Lincolnshire Fens . It is sometimes referred to as Thurlby by Bourne to distinguish it from other villages in Lincolnshire with the same name . Thurlby and the hamlet of Northorpe to its north are conjoined . The parish had a population of 2,136 at the 2001 census , although this had increased to 2,153 at the 2011 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Strachan_Open", "text": "The Strachan Open was a professional snooker tournament held between 1992 and 1994 . It had varying ranking status during its history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colin_Morris_(playwright)", "text": "Colin Morris ( 4 February 1916 - 31 March 1996 ) was a British playwright , screenwriter and actor . His best known work was the screen version of Reluctant Heroes ( 1951 ) based on his own play . As an actor , he appeared in the 1957 film The Silken Affair . Reluctant Heroes premiered in 1950 at the Whitehall Theatre , and was the first of the Brian Rix company 's Whitehall farces . Other plays of Morris 's include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/DokuWiki", "text": "DokuWiki is a wiki application licensed under GPLv2 and written in the PHP programming language . It works on plain text files and thus does not need a database . Its syntax is similar to the one used by MediaWiki ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Petrova_(rhythmic_gymnast)", "text": "Maria Petrova ( Bulgarian : Мария Петрова ) ( born November 13 , 1975 in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian rhythmic gymnast . She is a three-time ( 1993 , 1994 , 1995 ) World All-around champion and a three-time ( 1992 , 1993 , 1994 ) European All-around champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Beach,_Florida", "text": "Miami Beach is a coastal resort city in Miami-Dade County , Florida , United States . It was incorporated on March 26 , 1915 . The municipality is located on natural and man-made barrier islands between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay , the latter of which separates the Beach from the mainland city of Miami . The neighborhood of South Beach , comprising the southernmost 2.5 square miles ( 6.5 km2 ) of Miami Beach , along with downtown Miami and the Port of Miami , collectively form the commercial center of South Florida . Miami Beach 's estimated population is 92,307 according to the most recent United States census estimates . Miami Beach is the 26th largest city in Florida based on official 2017 estimates from the US Census Bureau . It has been one of America 's pre-eminent beach resorts since the early 20th century . In 1979 , Miami Beach 's Art Deco Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world and comprises hundreds of hotels , apartments and other structures erected between 1923 and 1943 . Mediterranean , Streamline Moderne and Art Deco are all represented in the District . The Historic District is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the East , Lenox Court on the West , 6th Street on the South and Dade Boulevard along the Collins Canal to the North . The movement to preserve the Art Deco District 's architectural heritage was led by former interior designer Barbara Baer Capitman , who now has a street in the District named in her honor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marina_Kiehl", "text": "Marina Kiehl ( born 12 January 1965 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Germany . Competing for West Germany in the 1980s , Kiehl gained her first World Cup victory in a Super-G competition in March 1984 in Quebec . She won season titles in Giant slalom In 1985 and in Super-G in 1986 . The major highlight in Kiehl 's career came at the 1988 Olympics in Calgary , when she won a gold medal in the downhill , ahead of Brigitte Oertli and Karen Percy . Kiehl retired from competitions after the Calgary Olympics , aged 23 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Nusa_Tenggara", "text": "West Nusa Tenggara ( Indonesian : Nusa Tenggara Barat - NTB ) is a province of Indonesia . It comprises the western portion of the Lesser Sunda Islands , with the exception of Bali which is its own province . Mataram , on Lombok , is the capital and largest city of the province . The 2010 census recorded the population at 4,500,212 ; the total rose to 4,830,118 at the 2015 Census ; the latest official estimate ( for mid 2019 ) is 5,152,400 . The province 's area is 19,708.79 km2 . The two largest islands in the province are Lombok in the west and the larger Sumbawa island in the east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBS", "text": "CBS ( an initialism of the network 's former name , the Columbia Broadcasting System ) is an American English-language commercial broadcast television and radio network that is the flagship property of the CBS Entertainment Group division of ViacomCBS . The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City ( at the CBS Broadcast Center ) and Los Angeles ( at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center ) . CBS is sometimes referred to as the Eye Network , in reference to the company 's trademark symbol , in use since 1951 . It has also been called the Tiffany Network , alluding to the perceived high quality of CBS programming during the tenure of William S. Paley . It can also refer to some of CBS 's first demonstrations of color television , which were held in a former Tiffany & Co. building in New York City in 1950 . The network has its origins in United Independent Broadcasters Inc. , a collection of 16 radio stations purchased by Paley in 1928 and renamed the Columbia Broadcasting System . Under Paley 's guidance , CBS would first become one of the largest radio networks in the United States , and eventually one of the Big Three American broadcast television networks . In 1974 CBS dropped its former full name and became known simply as CBS , Inc . The Westinghouse Electric Corporation acquired the network in 1995 , renamed its corporate entity to the current CBS Broadcasting , Inc. in 1997 , and eventually adopted the name of the company it had acquired to become CBS Corporation . In 2000 CBS came under the control of the first Viacom , which was formed as a spin-off of CBS in 1971 . In late 2005 , Viacom split itself into two separate companies and re-established CBS Corporation through the spin-off of its broadcast television , radio , and select cable television and non-broadcasting assets , with the CBS television network at its core . CBS Corporation was controlled by Sumner Redstone through National Amusements , which also controlled the second Viacom until December 4 , 2019 , when the two separated companies agreed to re-merge to become the new single entity known as ViacomCBS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017–18_North_Superleague", "text": "The 2017-18 North Superleague is the seventeenth staging of the North Superleague , the highest tier of league competition in the North Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association . The winners of this competition are eligible to enter the 2018-19 Scottish Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milton_Latham", "text": "Milton Slocum Latham ( May 23 , 1827 - March 4 , 1882 ) was an American politician , who served as the sixth governor of California and as a U.S. Representative and U.S . Senator . Latham holds the distinction of having the shortest governorship in California history , lasting for five days between January 9 and January 14 , 1860 . A Lecompton Democrat , Latham resigned from office ( the second governor to do so ) after being elected by the legislature to fill the U.S. Senate seat left vacant by the death of David C. Broderick in a duel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth_Stadium", "text": "The Queen Elizabeth Stadium ( ) is an indoor sport facility on the Morrison Hill in Wan Chai , on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong . First opened in 1980 , it has a 3,500-seat arena , gymnasia , squash and badminton courts , and a multi-purpose hall . It was built by the Urban Council , and is now managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seongnam_Ilhwa_Chunma", "text": "Seongnam FC ( Hangul : 성남 FC ) is a South Korean professional football club based in Seongnam , South Korea . Seongnam plays in the K League 1 , the top division in South Korea . Founded as Ilhwa Chunma Football Club in 1989 , the club have won a joint-record seven national league titles , three FA Cups , three League Cups , and two AFC Champions League titles . Seongnam also placed fifth in the IFFHS Asian Clubs of the 20th century . In 2014 , the club was bought by the Seongnam City Government and was officially renamed Seongnam FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Mafia", "text": "The American Mafia , commonly referred to as the Mafia or sometimes the Mob , and the Italian-American Mafia , is a highly organized Italian-American criminal society . The organization is often referred to by its members as Cosa Nostra ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈkɔːza ˈnɔstra , ˈkɔːsa - ] , our thing ) and by the government as La Cosa Nostra ( LCN ) . The organization 's name is derived from the original Mafia or Cosa nostra , the Sicilian Mafia , with American Mafia originally referring simply to Mafia groups from Sicily operating in America , as the organization originally emerged as an off shoot of the Sicilian Mafia ; however , the organization eventually encompassed or absorbed other Italian-American gangsters and Italian crime groups ( such as the American Camorra ) living in the United States and Canada that were not of Sicilian origin . It is often colloquially referred to as the Italian Mafia or Italian Mob , though these terms may also apply to the separate yet related Sicilian Mafia or other organized crime groups in Italy . The Mafia in the United States emerged in impoverished Italian immigrant neighborhoods or ghettos in New York 's East Harlem ( or Italian Harlem ) , the Lower East Side , and Brooklyn . It also emerged in other areas of the East Coast of the United States and several other major metropolitan areas ( such as New Orleans and Chicago ) during the late 19th century and early 20th century , following waves of Italian immigration especially from Sicily and other regions of Southern Italy . It has its roots in the Sicilian Mafia but is a separate organization in the United States . Neapolitan , Calabrian , and other Italian criminal groups in the U.S. , as well as independent Italian-American criminals , eventually merged with Sicilian Mafiosi to create the modern pan-Italian Mafia in North America . Today , the American Mafia cooperates in various criminal activities with Italian organized crime groups , such as the Sicilian Mafia , the Camorra of Naples , and the 'Ndrangheta of Calabria . The most important unit of the American Mafia is that of a family , as the various criminal organizations that make up the Mafia are known . Despite the name of family to describe the various units , they are not familial groupings . The Mafia is currently most active in the northeastern United States , with the heaviest activity in New York City , and with a substantial presence in Philadelphia , New Jersey , Buffalo and New England , in areas such as Boston , Providence and Hartford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mexico", "text": "Mexico ( Spanish : México [ ˈmexiko ] ( listen ) ; Nahuatl languages : Mēxihco ) , officially the United Mexican States ( UMS ; Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos , EUM [ esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos ] ( listen ) , lit . Mexican United States ) , is a country in the southern portion of North America . It is bordered to the north by the United States ; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; to the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico . Covering almost 2,000,000 square kilometers ( 770,000 sq mi ) , the nation is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent state in the world . With an estimated population of over 129 million people , Mexico is the tenth most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world , while being the second most populous nation in Latin America after Brazil . Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states plus Mexico City ( CDMX ) , which is the capital city and its most populous city . Other metropolises in the country include Guadalajara , Monterrey , Puebla , Toluca , Tijuana , and León . Pre-Columbian Mexico dates to about 8000 BC and is identified as one of six cradles of civilization and was home to many advanced Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Olmec , Toltec , Teotihuacan , Zapotec , Maya , and Aztec before first contact with Europeans . In 1521 , the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its politically powerful base in Mexico-Tenochtitlan ( part of Mexico City ) , which was administered as the viceroyalty of New Spain . The Roman Catholic Church played a powerful role in governing the country as millions were converted to the faith , although King Charles III expelled the Jesuits in the 1770s . The territory became a nation state following its recognition in 1821 after the Mexican War of Independence . The post-independence period was tumultuous , characterized by economic inequality and many contrasting political changes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London_Bridge", "text": "Several bridges named London Bridge have spanned the River Thames between the City of London and Southwark , in central London . The current crossing , which opened to traffic in 1973 , is a box girder bridge built from concrete and steel . It replaced a 19th-century stone-arched bridge , which in turn superseded a 600-year-old stone-built medieval structure . This was preceded by a succession of timber bridges , the first of which was built by the Roman founders of London . The current bridge stands at the western end of the Pool of London and is positioned 30 metres ( 98 ft ) upstream from previous alignments . The approaches to the medieval bridge were marked by the church of St Magnus-the-Martyr on the northern bank and by Southwark Cathedral on the southern shore . Until Putney Bridge opened in 1729 , London Bridge was the only road-crossing of the Thames downstream of Kingston upon Thames . London Bridge has been depicted in its several forms , in art , literature , and songs , including the nursery rhyme London Bridge Is Falling Down . The modern bridge is owned and maintained by Bridge House Estates , an independent charity of medieval origin overseen by the City of London Corporation . It carries the A3 road , which is maintained by the Greater London Authority . The crossing also delineates an area along the southern bank of the River Thames , between London Bridge and Tower Bridge , that has been designated as a business improvement district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newton_Abbot", "text": "Newton Abbot is a market town and civil parish on the River Teign in the Teignbridge District of Devon , England , with a population of 25,556 . It grew rapidly in the Victorian era as the home of the South Devon Railway locomotive works . This later became a major steam engine shed , retained to service British Railways diesel locomotives until 1981 . It now houses the Brunel industrial estate . The town has a race course nearby , the most westerly in England , and a country park , Decoy . It is twinned with Besigheim in Germany and Ay in France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nach_Baliye", "text": "Nach Baliye ( transl . Dance Partner ) is an Indian celebrity couple dance reality television series that airs on Star Plus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Firehiwot_Dado", "text": "Firehiwot Tufa Dado ( born January 9 , 1984 in Assela , Arsi ) is a female long-distance runner from Ethiopia , who won the New York City Marathon in 2011 with a personal best time of 2:23:15 hours . She also took three consecutive victories in the Rome City Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sajjan_Singh_Rangroot", "text": "Sajjan Singh Rangroot is a 2018 Indian Punjabi-language war drama film directed by Pankaj Batra . It stars Diljit Dosanjh , Yograj Singh and Sunanda Sharma . The movie is based on a true story about the experiences of Sikh soldiers of the British Indian Army fighting on the Western Front during World War I . The movie was released on 23 March 2018 . On release , film got positive reviews from both critics and audience . The movie is expected to be dubbed into Hindi by Cinekorn Entertainment and English . Sajjan Singh Rangroot is eighth highest Punjabi grossing film of all time and third highest-grossing film of 2018 . On 22 June 2018 , Sajjan Singh Rangroot 's exclusive internet rights was acquired by SHAREit"}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_FAI_Cup", "text": "The 2012 FAI Senior Challenge Cup , also known as the 2012 FAI Ford Senior Cup , was the 92th season of the national football competition of the Republic of Ireland . The winners of the competition earned spots in both the second qualifying round of the 2013-14 UEFA Europa League and the 2013 Setanta Sports Cup . A total of 40 team competed in the 2012 competition , which commenced on the weekend ending on 1 April 2012 . The teams entered from the 2012 League of Ireland Premier Division and First Division received byes into the second round stage . Four non-league clubs also received byes to the second round . The remaining 12 teams entered at the first round stage . These teams are composed of the sixteen clubs , which reached the fourth round of the 2011-12 FAI Intermediate Cup . The cup was won by Derry City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Besa_Kokëdhima", "text": "Besa Kokëdhima ( born 29 May 1989 ) , also known as Besa , is one of the most recognised and awarded Albanian singer/performers . Besa is known for being a contestant and award winner in countless Music Festivals and shows in Albania , Kosova & North Macedonia . She has released 5 solo albums . In 2009 , Besa participated in the Selecţia Naţională in Romania for the Eurovision Song Contest , with the English-language song Nothin ' Gon na Change , and reached the semi-finals . Besa was also a contestant and winner on Albanian music festivals Kënga Magjike 2013 and Top Fest 2008 . Besa is currently a judge on the Albanian television show The Voice of Albania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMW_in_Formula_One", "text": "BMW has been involved in Formula One in a number of capacities since the inauguration of the World Drivers ' Championship in 1950 . The company entered occasional races in the 1950s and 1960s ( often under Formula Two regulations ) , before building the BMW M12/13 inline-four turbocharged engine in the 1980s . This engine was the result of a deal between BMW and Brabham , which resulted in the team 's chassis being powered by BMW engines from 1982 until 1987 , a period in which Nelson Piquet won the 1983 championship driving a Brabham BT52-BMW . BMW also supplied the M12/13 on a customer basis to the ATS , Arrows , Benetton and Ligier teams during this period , with various degrees of success . In 1988 , Brabham temporarily withdrew from the sport and BMW withdrew its official backing from the engines , which were still used by the Arrows team under the Megatron badge . Turbocharged engines were banned by the revised Formula One Technical Regulations for 1989 , rendering the M12/13 obsolete . BMW decided to return to Formula One in the late 1990s by signing an exclusive contract with the Williams team , which needed a new long-term engine supplier after the withdrawal of Renault in 1997 . The programme resulted in the creation of a new V10 engine which made its race début in the Williams FW22 in 2000 . The following year saw the partnership move from the midfield to challenging for race victories , but the desired championship remained elusive due to the dominance of Michael Schumacher and Ferrari in the first half of the 2000s . By 2005 , the relationship between BMW and Williams had deteriorated , and BMW chose to part company and buy the rival Sauber team outright . The BMW Sauber project lasted from 2006 until 2009 , and resulted in a substantial increase in competitiveness for the Swiss former privateer team . Two podium finishes in the first year were followed by a solid third in the Constructors ' Championship in 2007 ( which became second when McLaren was disqualified ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyler_Lockett", "text": "Tyler Deron Lockett ( born September 28 , 1992 ) is an American football wide receiver and return specialist for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He was drafted by the Seahawks in the third round of the 2015 NFL Draft . He played college football at Kansas State . Lockett is the son and nephew of professional football players , and was a prominent member of three state high school championship teams - two in football and a third in basketball . In college , he set numerous Kansas State football records and was both a 2011 All-American ( as a kickoff returner ) & 2014 College Football All-America Team consensus All-American selection ( as a punt returner ) . In college , he totaled 6,586 career all-purpose yards and 35 touchdowns , including 3,710 yards and 29 touchdowns as a receiver . Through the first nine games of his freshman college season for the 2011 Wildcats , Lockett led the nation in average yards per kickoff return , but he was injured and missed the rest of the season . Nonetheless , he was afterward recognized as an All-American return specialist . In 2012 , he was an honorable mention All-Big 12 performer for the 2012 team . In 2013 , he was a first team All-Big 12 performer for the 2013 team at both wide receiver and all-purpose receiver . That season , he established Kansas State school records for single-game receiving yards , single game all-purpose yards and career kickoff return yards . As a senior for the 2014 team , he surpassed his own father 's school records for career receiving yards , career receptions and career receiving touchdowns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sesame_Street", "text": "Sesame Street is an American educational children 's television series that combines live action , sketch comedy , animation and puppetry . It is produced by Sesame Workshop ( known as the Children 's Television Workshop ( CTW ) until June 2000 ) and was created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett . The program is known for its images communicated through the use of Jim Henson 's Muppets , and includes short films , with humor and cultural references . The series premiered on November 10 , 1969 , to positive reviews , some controversy , and high viewership ; it has aired on the U.S. 's national public television provider PBS since its debut , with its first run moving to premium channel HBO on January 16 , 2016 . The format of Sesame Street consists of a combination of commercial television production elements and techniques which have evolved to reflect the changes in American culture and the audience 's viewing habits . With the creation of Sesame Street , producers and writers of a children 's television show used , for the first time , educational goals and a curriculum to shape its content . It was also the first time a show 's educational effects were formally studied . The show , therefore , has undergone significant changes in its history as adjustments to the format and content have been made to reflect change sources to the curriculum . Shortly after creating Sesame Street , its producers developed what came to be called the CTW model ( after the production company 's previous name ) , a system of television show planning , production , and evaluation based on collaborations between producers , writers , educators , and researchers . The show was initially funded by government and private foundations but has become somewhat self-supporting due to revenues from licensing arrangements , international sales , and other media . By 2006 , there were independently produced versions , or co-productions , of Sesame Street broadcast in twenty countries . In 2001 , there were over 120 million viewers of various international versions of Sesame Street , and by the show 's 40th anniversary in 2009 , it was broadcast in more than 140 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kežmarok_Ice_Stadium", "text": "Winter Sports Stadium Kežmarok is an arena in Kežmarok , Slovakia . It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of MHK Kežmarok of the Slovak Extraliga . It has a capacity of 3,000 people and opened in 1994 . The Phoenix Coyotes played a friendly match in July 1998 against MHK Kežmarok in Winter Sports Stadium Kežmarok ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Augustus_Drum", "text": "Augustus Drum ( November 26 , 1815 - September 15 , 1858 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clackamas_Community_College", "text": "Clackamas Community College ( CCC ) is a public community college in Oregon City , Oregon . Founded in 1966 , it is one of the largest community colleges in the state of Oregon . Clackamas Community College offers courses at three campuses : the central campus in Oregon City , Harmony Community Campus in Clackamas , and the Wilsonville campus . Extension sites are also located in the towns of Canby and Molalla , where CCC offers English as a Second Language , GED in Spanish , computer science and community education classes . CCC is also the only college to offer an urban agriculture certificate in the state of Oregon . Clackamas Community College is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities ( NWCCU ) . In 2009-10 , CCC served more than 38,000 students and had approximately 8,900 FTE ( full-time equivalent students ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atbara_Stadium", "text": "Stade Al-Amal Atbara is a multi-purpose stadium in Atbarah , Sudan . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Amal Atbara . The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Offord_Cluny", "text": "Offord Cluny is a small village 4.9 miles ( 7.9 km ) north of St Neots and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south-west of Huntingdon . Offord Cluny is in Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as a historic county of England . Offord Cluny is the twin village of Offord D'Arcy and together they are known as The Offords . At the time of the 2001 census , the population of Offord Cluny was 502 people . Historically both had their own parish councils but these were merged in 2009 . Council tax rates are higher in Offord Cluny than in Offord D'Arcy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Galerians:_Rion", "text": "Galerians : Rion ( ガレリアンズ：リオン , Garerianzu : Rion ) is a 2002 computer animated OVA based on the 1999 PlayStation video game Galerians . Originally released by Enterbrain in Japan in three episodes , Galerians : Rion was later combined into a single feature , licensed for the North America by Image Entertainment , and broadcast on MTV2 on July 3 , 2004 . Galerians : Rion is set in the 26th century , and the human residents of Earth are under attack from a supercomputer called Dorothy . Intent on eliminating the human race , Dorothy faces some stiff competition from Rion Steiner , a teenager with superhuman powers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woman_with_a_Pearl_Necklace", "text": "Woman with a Pearl Necklace by Johannes Vermeer is a seventeenth-century Northern European painting . Painted in oils on canvas , Johannes Vermeer portrayed a young Dutch woman , most likely of upper-class-descent , dressing herself with two yellow ribbons , pearl earrings , and a pearl necklace . As a very popular artist of the 17th century , the Dutch Golden Age , Vermeer depicted many women in similar circumstances within interior , domestic scenes . The same woman also appears in The Love Letter and A Lady Writing a Letter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Michigan_University", "text": "Western Michigan University ( WMU ) is a public research university in Kalamazoo , Michigan , United States . The university was established in 1903 by Dwight B. Waldo . Its enrollment , as of the Fall 2016 semester , was 23,252 . WMU 's aviation program is ranked as one of the top 5 aviation programs offered in the United States . WMU is the site of the annual International Congress on Medieval Studies . The university 's athletic teams compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and are known as the Western Michigan Broncos . They compete in the Mid-American Conference for most sports . WMU is ranked 1176th in the 2018 US News & World Report global universities ranking ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albuquerque,_New_Mexico", "text": "Albuquerque ( /ˈælbəkɜːrki/ ( listen ) AL-bə-kur-kee ; Navajo : Beeʼeldííl Dahsinil [ pèːʔèltíːl tɑ̀xsɪ̀nɪ̀l ] ; Eastern Keres : Arawageeki ; Jemez : Vakêêke ; Zuni : Alo : ke : k'ya ; Jicarilla Apache : Gołgéeki'yé ) , abbreviated as ABQ , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Mexico , and the 32nd-most populous city in the United States . The city 's nicknames are The Duke City and Burque , both of which reference its 1706 founding by Nuevo México governor Francisco Cuervo y Valdés as La Villa de Alburquerque , named in honor of then Viceroy the 10th Duke of Alburquerque , the Villa was an outpost on El Camino Real for the Tiquex and Hispano towns in the area ( such as Barelas , Corrales , Isleta Pueblo , Los Ranchos , and Sandia Pueblo ) . Since the city 's founding it has continued to be included on travel and trade routes including Santa Fe Railway ( ATSF ) , Route 66 , Interstate 25 , Interstate 40 , and the Albuquerque International Sunport . The population census-estimated population of the city as 560,218 in 2018 , it is the principal city of the Albuquerque metropolitan area , which has 915,927 residents as of July 2018 . The metropolitan population includes Rio Rancho , Bernalillo , Placitas , Zia Pueblo , Los Lunas , Belen , South Valley , Bosque Farms , Jemez Pueblo , Cuba , and part of Laguna Pueblo . This metro is included in the larger Albuquerque-Santa Fe-Las Vegas combined statistical area , with a population of 1,171,991 as of 2016 . The CSA constitutes the southernmost point of the Southern Rocky Mountain Front megalopolis , including other major Rocky Mountain region cities such as Cheyenne , Wyoming , and Denver , Colorado , with a population of 5,467,633 according to the 2010 United States Census . Albuquerque serves as the county seat of Bernalillo County , and is in north-central New Mexico . The Sandia Mountains run along the eastern side of Albuquerque , and the Rio Grande flows north to south through its center , while the West Mesa and Petroglyph National Monument make up the western part of the city . Albuquerque has one of the highest elevations of any major city in the U.S. , ranging from 4,900 feet ( 1,490 m ) above sea level near the Rio Grande to over 6,700 feet ( 1,950 m ) in the foothill areas of Sandia Heights and Glenwood Hills . The civic apex is found in an undeveloped area within the Albuquerque Open Space ; there , the terrain rises to an elevation of approximately 6880+ feet ( 2,097 m ) . The economy of Albuquerque centers on science , medicine , technology , commerce , education , entertainment , and culture outlets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_formats", "text": "Magic : The Gathering formats are various ways in which the Magic : The Gathering collectible card game can be played . Each format provides rules for deck construction and gameplay , with many confining the pool of permitted cards to those released in a specified group of Magic card sets . The DCI , the governing body that oversees official Magic competitive play , categorizes its tournament formats into Constructed and Limited . Constructed formats require decks to be made prior to participation , with players allowed to use any tournament-legal cards they possess . Sanctioned Constructed formats include Standard , Modern , Legacy , and Vintage . Limited formats , in contrast , utilize a restricted and unknown pool of cards , usually formed by opening Magic products . Limited competition require players to select cards and build decks on the fly within the tournament itself . The primary two sanctioned Limited formats are Sealed Deck and Booster Draft . A number of other formats have been designed by Wizards of the Coast or by players for custom gameplay or reduced investment cost ; these are known as casual formats . Some casual formats utilize rules or sets of cards that differ from those used in sanctioned tournament play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympiapark,_Munich", "text": "The Olympiapark München ( English : Olympic Park Munich ) in Munich , Germany , is an Olympic Park which was constructed for the 1972 Summer Olympics . Located in the Oberwiesenfeld neighborhood of Munich , the Park continues to serve as a venue for cultural , social , and religious events , such as events of worship . It includes a contemporary carillon . The Park is administered by Olympiapark München GmbH , a holding company fully owned by the state capital of Munich ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Towson_Tigers_football", "text": "The Towson Tigers football team represents Towson University in the sport of American football . The Tigers compete in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS , formerly Division I-AA ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Colonial Athletic Association ( CAA ) . The Tigers are currently coached by Rob Ambrose . All home games are played at Johnny Unitas Stadium in Towson , Maryland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manendragarh", "text": "Manendragarh is a town of the Koriya district that is a part of the state of Chhattisgarh . The city housing the taluk headquarters along with few important district head offices is sited near the Chhattishgarh -Madhya Pradesh state border . The nearest airport is at Raipur in Chhattisgarh . Manendragarh Railway Station is on the Anuppur-Chirmiri rail route . There are many coal mines around here . Manendragarh was originated by some tribals around 100 years ago ; later developed by British Raj for coal excavation . Road and Railway Lines are developed by the British . National Highway 43 has its route through Manendragarh . Sirrouli temple is very famous in Manendragarh which is near Udalkachar railway station . Amrit Dhara Waterfall is a nearby attraction . Sidh-Baba mount is famous for the Lord Shiva temple ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1982", "text": "Miss World 1982 , the 32nd edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 18 November 1982 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . The winner was Mariasela Álvarez from the Dominican Republic . She was crowned by Miss World 1981 , Pilín León of Venezuela . The first and second runners-up were Sari Kaarina Aspholm from Finland and Della Dolan from the United Kingdom who were semi-finalists in Miss Universe 1982 four months before ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Kilda_Football_Club", "text": "The St Kilda Football Club , nicknamed the Saints , is an Australian rules football club based in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . The club plays in the Australian Football League , the sport 's premier league . The club 's name originates from its original home base in the bayside Melbourne suburb of St Kilda in which the club was established in 1873 . The club also has strong links to the south-eastern suburb of Moorabbin , where it was based between 1965 and 2010 . St Kilda were a foundation team of the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) in 1877 and later , in 1897 , became a foundation team in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , which later became known as the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1990 . The Saints field teams in the AFL Women 's and VFL Women 's competitions , and are in an alignment with the Sandringham Football Club in the Victorian Football League . St Kilda have won a single premiership to date , a famous one-point win in the 1966 VFL Grand Final . St Kilda most recently won the minor premiership in the 2009 AFL season and were grand finalists in 2009 and 2010 . St Kilda developed a reputation as perennial underachievers , much of this attributed to their record of finishing last more often than any other club in the league ( 27 times ) , as well as having the second lowest all-time win percentage of any team still playing in the league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gareth_Liddiard", "text": "Gareth Liddiard ( born 20 November 1975 ) is an Australian musician and founding member of The Drones . Liddiard has released one album as a solo artist and seven studio albums with the Drones . In 2018 he released the debut album of his new band Tropical Fuck Storm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naeba", "text": "Mount Naeba ( 苗場山 , Naeba-san ) is a stratovolcano on the border of Nagano and Niigata prefectures in central Honshū , Japan . It is about 200 km ( 124 mi ) from Tokyo . It was active between 200,000 and 800,000 years ago . It is made of primarily andesite ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RML_2.5_inch_Mountain_Gun", "text": "The Ordnance RML 2.5-inch mountain gun was a British rifled muzzle-loading mountain gun of the late 19th century designed to be broken down into four loads for carrying by man or mule . It was primarily used by the Indian Army ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caspian_Sea", "text": "The Caspian Sea is the world 's largest inland body of water , variously classed as the world 's largest lake or a full-fledged sea . It is an endorheic basin ( a basin without outflows ) located between Europe and Asia , to the east of the Caucasus Mountains and to the west of the broad steppe of Central Asia . The sea has a surface area of 371,000 km2 ( 143,200 sq mi ) ( excluding the detached lagoon of Garabogazköl ) and a volume of 78,200 km3 ( 18,800 cu mi ) . It has a salinity of approximately 1.2% ( 12 g/l ) , about a third of the salinity of most seawater . It is bounded by Kazakhstan to the northeast , Russia to the northwest , Azerbaijan to the west , Iran to the south , and Turkmenistan to the southeast . The Caspian Sea is home to a wide range of species and may be best known for its caviar and oil industries . Pollution from the oil industry and dams on rivers draining into the Caspian Sea have had negative effects on the organisms living in the sea . The wide and endorheic Caspian Sea has a north-south orientation and its main freshwater inflow , the Volga River , enters at the shallow north end . Two deep basins occupy its central and southern areas . These lead to horizontal differences in temperature , salinity , and ecology . The Caspian Sea spreads out over nearly 1,200 kilometres ( 750 mi ) from north to south , with an average width of 320 km ( 200 mi ) . It covers a region of around 386,400 km2 ( 149,200 sq mi ) and its surface is about 27 m ( 89 ft ) below sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Brittas_Empire", "text": "The Brittas Empire is a British sitcom created and originally written by Andrew Norriss and Richard Fegen . Chris Barrie played Gordon Brittas , the well-meaning but incompetent manager of Whitbury New Town Leisure Centre . The show ran for seven series and 52 episodes - including two Christmas specials - from 1991 to 1997 on BBC1 . Norriss and Fegen wrote the first five series , after which they left the show . The Brittas Empire enjoyed a long and successful run throughout the 1990s , and gained large mainstream audiences . In 2004 the show came 47th on the BBC 's Britain 's Best Sitcom poll , and all series have been released on DVD . The creators Andrew Norriss and Richard Fegen often combined farce with either surreal or dramatic elements in episodes . For example , in the first series , the leisure centre prepares for a royal visit , only for the doors to seal , the boiler room to flood and a visitor to become electrocuted . Unlike the traditional sitcom , deaths were quite common in The Brittas Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roko_Karanušić", "text": "Roko Karanušić ( born 5 September 1982 ) is retired Croatian professional tennis player . He turned pro in 2000 , and his career-high ATP singles ranking is World No . 88 , achieved in February 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermanas_Mirabal_Province", "text": "Hermanas Mirabal ( Spanish pronunciation : [ eɾˈmanas miɾaˈβal ] , Mirabal Sisters ) is a province of the Dominican Republic . It was split from Espaillat Province in 1952 and was originally called Salcedo , the name of its capital city ; it is still referred to by this name sometimes . The name change came on November 21 , 2007 . It commemorates the Mirabal sisters , who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country by giving up a privileged life to fight against the powerful Dominican leader , Rafael Trujillo . The Mirabal sisters came from Salcedo and were buried there after their murder . The province is very fertile and its main agricultural product is plantain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Loucheiz_Purifoy", "text": "Loucheiz Purifoy ( born December 16 , 1992 ) is an American professional gridiron football cornerback who is currently playing for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He played college football for the University of Florida . Purifoy signed with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent after the 2014 NFL Draft . He has also played for the BC Lions and Ottawa Redblacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ailsa_Craig", "text": "Ailsa Craig ( /ˈeɪlsə/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Creag Ealasaid ) is an island of 99 hectares ( 240 acres ) in the outer Firth of Clyde , 16 kilometres ( 10 miles ) west of mainland Scotland , upon which blue hone granite has long been quarried to make curling stones . The now uninhabited island is formed from the volcanic plug of an extinct volcano . The island , colloquially known as Paddy 's milestone , was a haven for Catholics during the Scottish Reformation in the 16th century , but is today a bird sanctuary , providing a home for huge numbers of gannets and an increasing number of puffins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windsor_Stadium", "text": "Windsor Stadium is a 3,000-capacity stadium located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , the stadium is mainly used for Canadian Football and soccer , but has hosted rugby and other sports . It is home to the Ontario Football Conference team the Windsor AKO Fratmen and Canadian Soccer League team the Windsor Stars . Windsor Stadium is located within Jackson Park . The Windsor AKO Fratmen Football Team is a Canadian Football team out of Windsor , Ontario , Canada . The team has played out of the Canadian Junior Football League since the 1940s and won national titles in 1952 , 1954 , and 1999 . The Fratmen have played at Fratmen Field at Windsor Stadium since 1953 . The 2007 CSL All-star game was held at Windsor Stadium . The Alpha Kai Omega ( AKO ) Fraternity and dates back to 1929 making it the longest-running community organization providing a junior football program in Canada without interruption . The AKO Fraternity , a non-profit fraternal organization , was founded by a group of successful Windsor businessmen . After World War II concluded , in honour of its members who had sacrificed their lives in combat , the group rededicated its mission to helping youth through the sponsorship of amateur sports . As the newly appointed protector or gatekeeper of the historic Windsor Stadium , the AKO Fraternity has made an enormous commitment to the restoration of the Windsor Stadium as well as the quality of the overall programming . Fundraising will play a vital role in the success of this project ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_South_Carolina_Aiken", "text": "The University of South Carolina Aiken ( USC Aiken , USCA , or South Carolina Aiken ) is a public university in Aiken , South Carolina . It is part of the University of South Carolina System and offers undergraduate degree programs as well as master 's degrees . Additional graduate courses and degree programs are offered through the University of South Carolina Extended Graduate Campus program . The University of South Carolina Aiken awards baccalaureate degrees in more than 30 major areas of study include the bachelor of science in business administration online through Palmetto College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potsdam", "text": "Potsdam ( German pronunciation : [ ˈpɔt͡sdam ] ( listen ) ; Lower Sorbian : Podstupim ) is the capital and largest city of the German federal state of Brandenburg . It directly borders the German capital , Berlin , and is part of the Berlin/Brandenburg Metropolitan Region . It is situated on the River Havel some 25 kilometres ( 16 miles ) southwest of Berlin 's city centre . Potsdam was a residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser until 1918 . Its planning embodied ideas of the Age of Enlightenment : through a careful balance of architecture and landscape , Potsdam was intended as a picturesque , pastoral dream which would remind its residents of their relationship with nature and reason . The city lies in an area of interconnected lakes and is distinguished by a series of cultural landmarks , in particular the parks and palaces of Sanssouci , the largest World Heritage Site in Germany . The Potsdam Conference in 1945 was held at Cecilienhof Palace . Babelsberg , in the south-eastern part of Potsdam , was already by the 1930s the home of a major film production studio and it has enjoyed success as an important center of European film production since the fall of the Berlin Wall . The Filmstudio Babelsberg is the oldest large-scale film studio in the world . Potsdam developed into a centre of science in Germany in the 19th century . Today , there are three public colleges , the University of Potsdam , and more than 30 research institutes in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKSB-10-FM", "text": "CKSB-10-FM ( 88.1 MHz ) is a Canadian public radio station serving the Winnipeg Capital Region in Manitoba . It is owned by the Société Radio-Canada ( CBC ) and airs the Ici Radio-Canada Première network , concentrating on news and talk in the French language . It had been licensed to Saint Boniface , which was a separate city until it was annexed by Winnipeg in 1971 . Even though the call sign includes a number , usually indicating the station is a rebroadcaster , CKSB-10-FM originates some of its own local programming and contributes to the Ici Radio-Canada Première network ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torque", "text": "Torque , moment , moment of force , rotational force or turning effect is the rotational equivalent of linear force . The concept originated with the studies by Archimedes of the usage of levers . Just as a linear force is a push or a pull , a torque can be thought of as a twist to an object . Another definition of torque is the product of the magnitude of the force and the perpendicular distance of the line of action of force from the axis of rotation . The symbol for torque is typically τ { \\displaystyle { \\boldsymbol { \\tau } } } , the lowercase Greek letter tau . When being referred to as moment of force , it is commonly denoted by M. In three dimensions , the torque is a pseudovector ; for point particles , it is given by the cross product of the position vector ( distance vector ) and the force vector . The magnitude of torque of a rigid body depends on three quantities : the force applied , the lever arm vector connecting the origin to the point of force application , and the angle between the force and lever arm vectors . In symbols :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Krishna_Arjun_(TV_series)", "text": "StarPlus is an Indian pay television channel owned by Star India . The network 's programming consists of family dramas , comedies , youth-oriented reality shows , shows on crime and television films . It is also distributed internationally by The Walt Disney Company India , subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Franklin_H._Elmore", "text": "Franklin Harper Elmore ( October 15 , 1799 - May 29 , 1850 ) was a United States Representative and Senator . Born in Laurens District , the son of John Archer Elmore , he graduated from the South Carolina College at Columbia in 1819 , studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1821 and commenced practice in Walterboro . He was solicitor for the southern circuit from 1822 to 1836 , a colonel on the staff of the Governor from 1824 to 1826 , and was elected as a State Rights Democrat to the Twenty-fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of James H. Hammond . Elmore was reelected to the Twenty-fifth Congress and served from December 10 , 1836 , to March 4 , 1839 . From 1839 to 1850 he was president of the Bank of the State of South Carolina 1839-1850 ; he declined appointment by President James Polk as Minister to Great Britain . Elmore was appointed as a Democrat to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John C. Calhoun and served from April 11 , 1850 , until his own death in Washington , D.C. in 1850 . He was interred in the First Presbyterian Churchyard in Columbia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2005 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place in May 2005 . The top six regular season finishers met in the double-elimination tournament held at Stanley G. McKie Field at Joseph P. Hayden Jr. Park on the campus of Miami University in Oxford , Ohio . This was the seventeenth Mid-American Conference postseason tournament to determine a champion . Top seed Miami won their third tournament championship to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_of_Araucanía_and_Patagonia", "text": "The Kingdom of Araucanía and Patagonia ( Spanish : Reino de la Araucanía y de la Patagonia ; French : Royaume d'Araucanie et de Patagonie , sometimes referred to as New France ) was an unrecognized state proclaimed on November 17 , 1860 by a decree of Orélie-Antoine de Tounens , a French lawyer and adventurer who claimed that the regions of Araucanía and eastern Patagonia did not need to depend on any other states . He had the support of some Mapuche lonkos around a small area in Araucanía , who were engaged in a desperate armed struggle to retain their independence in the face of hostile military and economic encroachment by the governments of Chile and Argentina , who coveted the Mapuche lands for economical and political reasons . Arrested on January 5 , 1862 by the Chilean authorities , Antoine de Tounens was imprisoned and declared insane on September 2 , 1862 by the court of Santiago and expelled to France on October 28 , 1862 . He later tried three times to return to Araucania to reclaim his kingdom without success ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix", "text": "Jordan Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor that competed from 1991 to 2005 . The team is named after Irish businessman and founder Eddie Jordan . Jordan and his team were well known for an easygoing attitude which added colour and character to Formula One in the 1990s . The team was based at Silverstone , UK but raced with the Irish licence . In early 2005 , the team was sold to Midland Group , who competed for one final season as 'Jordan ' , before renaming the team as MF1 Racing for the 2006 season , before being sold later in 2006 to Dutch car manufacturer Spyker to become Spyker F1 for 2007 , and then sold again to become Force India in 2008 . In 2018 , as a result of the financial collapse of the Force India team , and its subsequent buyout by a consortium led by Lawrence Stroll , the team 's FIA entry was not transferred , and the Jordan Grand Prix 's original entry was finally excluded from the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bermuda", "text": "Bermuda ( /bərˈmjuːdə/ ) ( in full , the Islands of Bermuda ) is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean . It is approximately 1,070 km ( 665 mi ) east-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina ; 1,236 km ( 768 mi ) south of Cape Sable Island , Nova Scotia ; and 1,759 km ( 1,093 mi ) northeast of Cuba . Though it is typically referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of 181 islands ; the largest of these islands is known as Main Island . The capital city of Bermuda is Hamilton . Bermuda is self-governing , with its own constitution and government and a Parliament which makes local laws . The United Kingdom retains responsibility for defence and foreign relations . As of July 2018 , it has a population of 71,176 , making it the most populous of the British overseas territories . Bermuda 's largest economic sectors are offshore insurance , reinsurance , and tourism . Bermuda had one of the world 's highest GDP per capita for most of the 20th century . It has a subtropical climate and lies in the hurricane belt and thus is prone to related severe weather ; however , it is somewhat protected by a coral reef and by its position at the north of the belt , which limits the direction and severity of approaching storms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_City", "text": "Atlantic City is a resort city in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States , known for its casinos , boardwalk , and beaches . In 2010 , the city had a population of 39,558 . It was incorporated on May 1 , 1854 , from portions of Egg Harbor Township and Galloway Township . It borders Absecon , Brigantine , Pleasantville , Ventnor City , Egg Harbor Township , and the Atlantic Ocean . Atlantic City inspired the U.S. version of the board game Monopoly , especially the street names . Since 1921 , Atlantic City has been the home of the Miss America pageant . In 1976 , New Jersey voters legalized casino gambling in Atlantic City . The first casino opened two years later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Split_(city)", "text": "Split ( /ˈsplɪt/ , as the English word split ; Croatian pronunciation : [ splît ] ( listen ) ; see other names ) is the second-largest city of Croatia and the largest city of the region of Dalmatia , with about 250,000 people living in its urban area . It lies on the eastern shore of the Adriatic Sea and is spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings . An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination , the city is linked to the Adriatic islands and the Apennine peninsula . Home to Diocletian 's Palace , built for the Roman emperor in AD 305 , the city was founded as the Greek colony of Aspálathos ( Aσπάλαθος ) in the 3rd or 2nd century BC . It became a prominent settlement around 650 when it succeeded the ancient capital of the Roman province of Dalmatia , Salona . After the sack of Salona by the Avars and Slavs , the fortified Palace of Diocletian was settled by Roman refugees . Split became a Byzantine city . Later it drifted into the sphere of the Republic of Venice and the Kingdom of Croatia , with the Byzantines retaining nominal suzerainty . For much of the High and Late Middle Ages , Split enjoyed autonomy as a free city of the Dalmatian city-states , caught in the middle of a struggle between Venice and Croatia ( in union with Hungary ) for control over the Dalmatian cities . Venice eventually prevailed and during the early modern period Split remained a Venetian city , a heavily fortified outpost surrounded by Ottoman territory . Its hinterland was won from the Ottomans in the Morean War of 1699 , and in 1797 , as Venice fell to Napoleon , the Treaty of Campo Formio rendered the city to the Habsburg Monarchy . In 1805 , the Peace of Pressburg added it to the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy and in 1806 it was included in the French Empire , becoming part of the Illyrian Provinces in 1809 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nadezhda_Ralldugina", "text": "Nadezhda Ralldugina ( born November 15 , 1957 ) is a retired female middle distance runner who represented the USSR in the 1980s . She set her personal best in the women 's 1,500 metres ( 3:56.63 ) on 1984-08-18 at a meet in Prague ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Triplemanía_XXII", "text": "Triplemanía XXII was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) produced by the AAA promotion . It took place on August 17 , 2014 , at Arena Ciudad de México in Mexico City , Mexico . The event was the twenty-second annual Triplemanía , which is AAA 's biggest show of the year , airing in Mexico as a regular PPV and internationally as an internet pay-per-view ( iPPV ) . This was the first AAA PPV event to be broadcast simultaneously in English through SAP , having Hugo Savinovich and Vampiro as announcers . Alberto Del Rio , who was fired from WWE more than a week prior , made an appearance at the event . WWE wrestler Rey Mysterio also appeared in a video package to end the show . Jeff Jarrett and Ricochet were advertised for the event , but both missed the event due to travel issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BBC", "text": "The British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) is a British public service broadcaster . Its headquarters are at Broadcasting House in Westminster , London . It is the world 's oldest national broadcaster , and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees . It employs over 22,000 staff in total , more than 16,000 of whom are in public sector broadcasting . The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time , flexible , and fixed-contract staff are included . The BBC is established under a Royal Charter and operates under its Agreement with the Secretary of State for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport . Its work is funded principally by an annual television licence fee which is charged to all British households , companies , and organisations using any type of equipment to receive or record live television broadcasts and iPlayer catch-up . The fee is set by the British Government , agreed by Parliament , and used to fund the BBC 's radio , TV , and online services covering the nations and regions of the UK . Since 1 April 2014 , it has also funded the BBC World Service ( launched in 1932 as the BBC Empire Service ) , which broadcasts in 28 languages and provides comprehensive TV , radio , and online services in Arabic and Persian . Around a quarter of BBC 's revenue comes from its commercial subsidiary BBC Studios ( formerly BBC Worldwide ) , which sells BBC programmes and services internationally and also distributes the BBC 's international 24-hour English-language news services BBC World News , and from BBC.com , provided by BBC Global News Ltd . In 2009 , the company was awarded the Queen 's Award for Enterprise in recognition of its international achievements . From its inception , through the Second World War ( where its broadcasts helped to unite the nation ) , to the 21st century , the BBC has played a prominent role in British life and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1982_in_athletics_(track_and_field)", "text": "This page contains an overview of the year 1982 in athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_Series_of_Video_Games", "text": "World Series of Video Games ( WSVG ) was an international professional electronic sports competition . It held its first season in 2006 , with competitions in six different games and six events held around the world including the finals of the event . The total prize purse of the season was US $ 750,000 which includes the $ 240,000 prize purse that was winnable at the finals . The WSVG was operated by Games Media Properties , an American gaming company founded in 2002 with the BYOC ( Bring Your Own Computer ) Lan section subcontracted out to Lanwar Inc . The series was the continuation of the one million dollar 2005 CPL World Tour , as one of the founders of the WSVG as well as Intel , the major sponsor of the tour left the Cyberathlete Professional League to help fund these series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997_German_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The 1997 German Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 8 and 14 December 1997 at the Atlantis Rheinhotel in Bingen am Rhein , Germany . This was the third edition of the tournament to be held as a ranking event . John Higgins won the event for the second time , defeating John Parrott 9-4 in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kauhajoki", "text": "Kauhajoki ( literally Scoop River ) is a town and municipality of Finland . The city is unilingually Finnish . It is located in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Southern Ostrobothnia region . The population of Kauhajoki is 13,352 ( 31 January 2019 ) and the municipality covers an area of 1,299.10 km2 ( 501.59 sq mi ) of which 16.46 km2 ( 6.36 sq mi ) is inland water ( 1 January 2018 ) . The population density is 10.28/km2 ( 26.6/sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Automobile_Association", "text": "The American Automobile Association ( AAA - pronounced Triple A ) is a federation of motor clubs throughout North America . AAA is a privately held not-for-profit national member association and service organization with over 60 million members in the United States and Canada . AAA provides services to its members , including roadside assistance and others . Its national headquarters are in Heathrow , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fred_Pfeffer", "text": "Nathaniel Frederick Pfeffer ( March 17 , 1860 - April 10 , 1932 ) , nicknamed Dandelion and Fritz , was an American baseball player . He was a second baseman in Major League Baseball between 1882 and 1897 . His final game took place on June 14 , 1897 . During his career he played for the Troy Trojans ( 1882 ) , Chicago White Stockings ( 1883-1889 ) , Chicago Pirates ( 1890 ) , Chicago Colts ( 1891 , 1896-1897 ) , Louisville Colonels ( 1892-1895 ) and New York Giants ( 1896 ) . Pfeffer was one of the last barehanded fielders in baseball , and he was the first player to foil a double steal by cutting off a catcher 's throw to second base and returning it to home plate . Known as an organizer among players , Pfeffer was active in establishing the Players ' League in 1890 and was involved in an attempt to reestablish the American Association in 1894 . He was a manager at the collegiate and minor-league levels , and after his baseball career he ran a successful Chicago bar until Prohibition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1926_in_aviation", "text": "This is a list of aviation-related events from 1926 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kristianstads_IP", "text": "Kristianstads IP is a football stadium in Kristianstad , Sweden . Kristianstads IP has a total capacity of 6,000 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mukalla", "text": "Mukalla ( Arabic : ٱلْمُكَلَّا , Al Mukallā ) is a seaport and the capital city of Yemen 's largest governorate , Hadhramaut . The city is located in the southern part of the Arabian Peninsula on the Gulf of Aden , on the shores of the Arabian Sea , about 480 kilometres ( 300 miles ) east of Aden . It is the most important port in the Hadhramaut , and the fifth-largest city in Yemen , with a population of approximately 300,000 . The city is served by the nearby Riyan Airport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marni_Nixon", "text": "Margaret Nixon McEathron ( February 22 , 1930 - July 24 , 2016 ) , known professionally as Marni Nixon , was an American soprano and ghost singer for featured actresses in movie musicals . She is now recognized as the singing voice of leading actresses on the soundtracks of several musicals , including Deborah Kerr in The King and I , Natalie Wood in West Side Story , and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady , although her roles were concealed from audiences when the films were released . Besides her voice work in films , Nixon 's career included roles of her own in film , television , opera and musicals on Broadway and elsewhere throughout the United States , performances in concerts with major symphony orchestras , and recordings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dehradun", "text": "Dehradun ( /ˌdɛərəˈduːn/ ) , also spelled Dera Doon , is the capital of Uttarakhand , a state in India . Located in the Garhwal region , it lies 236 kilometres ( 147 mi ) north of India 's capital New Delhi and 168 kilometres ( 104 mi ) from Chandigarh . It is one of the Counter Magnets of the National Capital Region ( NCR ) being developed as an alternative centre of growth to help ease the migration and population explosion in the Delhi metropolitan area and to establish a smart city at Dehradun . During the days of British Raj , the official name of the town was Dehra . Dehradun is located in the Doon Valley on the foothills of the Himalayas nestled between the river Ganges on the east and the river Yamuna on the west . The city is famous for its picturesque landscape and slightly milder climate and provides a gateway to the surrounding region . It is well connected and in proximity to Himalayan tourist destinations such as Mussoorie , and Auli and the Hindu holy cities of Haridwar and Rishikesh along with the Himalayan pilgrimage circuit of Chota Char Dham . Dehradun Municipal Corporation is locally known as Nagar Nigam Dehradun . Other urban entities involved in civic services and city governance and management include Mussoorie Dehradun Development Authority ( MDDA ) , Special Area Development Authority ( SADA ) , Jal Sansthan , and Jal Nigam among others . Dehradun is also known for its Basmati rice and bakery products ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sven_Jonasson", "text": "Sven Jonasson ( 9 July 1909 - 17 September 1984 ) was a Swedish football striker and manager . He was born in Borås and died in Varberg . He played for IF Elfsborg and the Sweden national football team , for whom he appeared in the 1934 and 1938 World Cups . He scored two goals in 1934 and one in 1938 . Jonasson holds the record for most goals ( 252 goals ) and most consecutive games ( 344 games , 1927-1941 ) in Allsvenskan ( top level of Swedish football ) . In 1936 he is mentioned in a Danish source for playing as a false 9 when playing against a team using a WM-formation . In the same article the Danish journalist compares Sven Jonasson to the English centreforward Ted Drake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/President_of_the_United_States", "text": "The president of the United States ( POTUS ) [ B ] is the head of state and head of government of the United States of America . The president directs the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces . In contemporary times , the president is looked upon as one of the world 's most powerful political figures as the leader of the only remaining global superpower . The role includes responsibility for the world 's most expensive military , which has the second largest nuclear arsenal . The president also leads the nation with the largest economy by nominal GDP . The president possesses significant domestic and international hard and soft power . Article II of the Constitution establishes the executive branch of the federal government . It vests the executive power of the United States in the president . The power includes the execution and enforcement of federal law , alongside the responsibility of appointing federal executive , diplomatic , regulatory and judicial officers , and concluding treaties with foreign powers with the advice and consent of the Senate . The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves , and to convene and adjourn either or both houses of Congress under extraordinary circumstances . The president directs the foreign and domestic policies of the United States , and takes an active role in promoting his policy priorities to members of Congress . In addition , as part of the system of checks and balances , Article I , Section 7 of the Constitution gives the president the power to sign or veto federal legislation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midhurst_railway_station", "text": "Midhurst railway station used to serve the market town of Midhurst in the county of West Sussex . The first railway to reach the town was a branch line from Petersfield opened by the London & South Western Railway on 1 September 1864 . The London Brighton and South Coast Railway opened a separate station on 15 October 1866 when the line from Pulborough via Petworth was opened . It was resited in 1881 when a further line from the Chichester in the south opened . This new station was designed by T. H. Myres in the LB & SCR 's 'Country House ' design , which can still be seen at the preserved Bluebell Railway 's stations . The station also had two signal boxes ( although the Southern Railway closed one of these ) , and a large goods yard . An engine shed was also here but this was closed by the Southern Railway as well after 1923 . The former London & South Western Railway station closed in 1925 when services were diverted to the former L.B. & S.C.R . station . The station closed to passengers on 5 February 1955 , but freight services between Midhurst and Pulborough remained until 16 October 1964 . The L.B.S.C.R . station was demolished and the site is now under housing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Columbia_Southern_Interior", "text": "British Columbia Southern Interior ( formerly known as Southern Interior , Kootenay - Boundary - Okanagan and West Kootenay - Okanagan ) was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that had been represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classical_music", "text": "Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western culture , including both liturgical ( religious ) and secular music . While a more precise term is also used to refer to the period from 1750 to 1820 ( the Classical period ) , this article is about the broad span of time from before the 6th century AD to the present day , which includes the Classical period and various other periods . The central norms of this tradition became codified between 1550 and 1900 , which is known as the common-practice period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Voodoo_Child_(Slight_Return)", "text": "Voodoo Child ( Slight Return ) is a song recorded by the Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1968 that appears as the final track on the Electric Ladyland album released that year . It contains improvised guitar and a vocal from Jimi Hendrix , backed by Noel Redding on bass and Mitch Mitchell on drums . The song is one of Hendrix 's best known ; it was a feature of his concert performances throughout his career , and several live renditions were recorded and released on later albums . After his death in 1970 , Track Records released the song as a single in the United Kingdom using the title Voodoo Chile ( see confusion over title ) . It became Hendrix 's only number one single on the UK Singles Chart , reaching the top position during the week of November 15 , 1970 . Several artists have performed or recorded versions of the song . Rolling Stone magazine included it at number 102 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linda_Bolon", "text": "Linda S. Bolon ( born June 22 , 1948 ) is a Democratic politician who served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 1st District from 2007 to 2010 . A lifelong resident of Columbiana County , Bolon graduated from Columbus University . She began a career in auditing , serving as the treasurer of the East Palestine School District before moving on to serve as an auditor for the State of Ohio . In 1995 , Bolon was elected to the East Palestine City Council . She served in the capacity of a councilwoman for four years , until becoming Columbiana County Treasurer in 1999 . Originally appointed , she won election to a full term in 2000 . She won a second full term in 2004 . With Republican Chuck Blasdel running for Congress in 2006 , Bolon sought his open seat in the Ohio House of Representatives . Facing Jim Hoppel , a county commissioner , she won handily . She easily won reelection in 2008 , to a second term . By her second term , Bolon was serving in various leadership positions , notably as majority whip . She also served in various committee chairmanships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulgaria", "text": "Bulgaria ( /bʌlˈɡɛəriə , bʊl-/ ( listen ) ; Bulgarian : България , romanized : Balgariya ) , officially the Republic of Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Република България , romanized : Republika Balgariya , IPA : [ rɛˈpublikɐ bɐɫˈɡarijɐ ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe . It is bordered by Romania to the north , Serbia and North Macedonia to the west , Greece and Turkey to the south , and the Black Sea to the east . The capital and largest city is Sofia ; other major cities are Plovdiv , Varna and Burgas . With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres ( 42,855 sq mi ) , Bulgaria is Europe 's 16th-largest country . One of the earliest societies in the lands of modern-day Bulgaria was the Neolithic Karanovo culture , which dates back to 6,500 BC . In the 6th to 3rd century BC the region was a battleground for Thracians , Persians , Celts and ancient Macedonians ; stability came when the Roman Empire conquered the region in AD 45 . The Eastern Roman , or Byzantine , Empire lost some of these territories to an invading Bulgar horde in the late 7th century . The Bulgars founded the First Bulgarian Empire in AD 681 , which dominated most of the Balkans and significantly influenced Slavic cultures by developing the Cyrillic script . This state lasted until the early 11th century , when Byzantine emperor Basil II conquered and dismantled it . A successful Bulgarian revolt in 1185 established a Second Bulgarian Empire , which reached its apex under Ivan Asen II ( 1218-1241 ) . After numerous exhausting wars and feudal strife , the Second Bulgarian Empire disintegrated in 1396 and its territories fell under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries . The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 resulted in the formation of the current Third Bulgarian State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silvio_Rodríguez", "text": "Silvio Rodríguez Domínguez ( born 29 November 1946 ) is a Cuban musician , and leader of the nueva trova movement . He is widely considered Cuba 's best folk singer and arguably one of Latin America 's greatest singer-songwriters . Known for his intellectual , highly eloquent and symbolic lyrics , his songs are iconic elements of Latin American left-leaning intellectual culture . Many of his songs have become classics in Latin American music , such as Ojalá , Playa Girón , Unicornio and La maza . Among his other well-known songs are Fusil contra fusil and Canción del Elegido . He has released over 20 albums . Rodríguez , musically and politically , is a symbol of the Latin American left . His lyrics are notably introspective , while his songs combine romanticism , eroticism , existentialism , revolutionary politics and idealism . As a humanist , his songs often bespeak a secular worldview , where humanity must make the best of this world . He has been referred to as Cuba 's John Lennon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zweigen_Kanazawa", "text": "Zweigen Kanazawa ( ツエーゲン金沢 Tsuēgen Kanazawa ) is a Japanese football club based in Kanazawa , Ishikawa Prefecture . They play in the J2 League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_(U.S._state)", "text": "Georgia ( /ˈdʒɔːrdʒə/ ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States . Georgia is the 24th largest in area and 8th-most populous of the 50 United States . Georgia is bordered to the north by Tennessee and North Carolina , to the northeast by South Carolina , to the southeast by the Atlantic Ocean , to the south by Florida , and to the west by Alabama . Its 2019 estimated population was 10,617,423 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Atlanta , a beta ( + ) global city , is both the state 's capital and its largest city . The Atlanta metropolitan area , with an estimated population of 5.9 million people in 2018 , is the 9th most populous metropolitan area in the United States and contains about 56% of the entire state population . Founded in 1733 as a British colony , Georgia was the last and southernmost of the original Thirteen Colonies to be established . Named after King George II of Great Britain , the Colony of Georgia covered the area from South Carolina south to Spanish Florida and west to French Louisiana at the Mississippi River . On January 2 , 1788 , Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the United States Constitution . From 1802 to 1804 , western Georgia was split to form the Mississippi Territory , which later was admitted as the U.S. states of Alabama and Mississippi . Georgia declared its secession from the Union on January 19 , 1861 , and was one of the original seven Confederate States . Following the Civil War , it was the last state to be restored to the Union , on July 15 , 1870 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tokyo", "text": "Tokyo ( 東京 , Tōkyō , English : /ˈtoʊkioʊ/ , Japanese : [ toːkʲoː ] ( listen ) ) , officially Tokyo Metropolis ( 東京都 , Tōkyō-to ) , is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan . The capital of Japan , it houses the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government . Tokyo forms part of the Kantō region on the southeastern side of Japan 's main island , Honshu , and includes the Izu and Ogasawara Islands . Originally a small fishing village named Edo ( 江戸 ) , the city became a prominent political center of Japan when Shōgun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarters in 1603 . When Emperor Meiji moved the imperial seat to the city from Kyoto in 1868 , Edo was renamed Tokyo , literally the Eastern Capital . The Tokyo Metropolis formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture ( 東京府 , Tōkyō-fu ) and the city of Tokyo ( 東京市 , Tōkyō-shi ) . While commonly referred to as a city , Tokyo is a collective entity of multiple smaller municipalities , including 23 special wards and various bed towns in the western area . Modern Tokyo is categorized as an alpha+ city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . As of 2019 , the population of Tokyo was estimated to be over 13.9 million , making it Japan 's most populous prefecture . The metropolitan area is the world 's most populous with over 40 million people as well as the world 's largest urban agglomeration economy . As of 2011 [ update ] , Tokyo hosted 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies , the highest number of any city in the world at that time . The city ranked sixth on the Global Financial Centres Index of 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeb_Bush", "text": "John Ellis Jeb Bush ( born February 11 , 1953 ) is an American politician who served as the 43rd Governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007 . Bush , who grew up in Houston , is the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush , and a younger brother of former President George W. Bush . He graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts , and attended the University of Texas , where he earned a degree in Latin American affairs . In 1980 , he moved to Florida and pursued a career in real estate development , and in 1986 became Florida 's Secretary of Commerce until 1988 . At that time , he joined his father 's successful campaign for the Presidency . In 1994 , Bush made his first run for office , losing the election for governor by less than two percentage points to the incumbent Lawton Chiles . Bush ran again in 1998 and defeated Lieutenant Governor Buddy MacKay with 55 percent of the vote . He ran for reelection in 2002 , defeating Bill McBride and winning with 56 percent , to become Florida 's first two-term Republican governor . During his eight years as governor , Bush pushed an ambitious Everglades conservation plan , supported caps for medical malpractice litigation , launched a Medicaid privatization pilot program , and instituted reforms to the state education system , including the issuance of vouchers and promoting school choice . Bush announced his presidential candidacy on June 15 , 2015 . He suspended his campaign on February 20 , 2016 , shortly after the South Carolina primary and endorsed Senator Ted Cruz on March 23 , 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Senate_election_in_Nebraska,_2012", "text": "The 2012 United States Senate election in Nebraska took place on November 6 , 2012 , concurrently with the 2012 U.S. presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections . Incumbent Democratic U.S . Senator Ben Nelson chose to retire instead of seeking a third term . Former U.S . Senator Bob Kerrey , a Democrat , and state senator Deb Fischer , a Republican , won their respective parties ' primary elections on May 15 , 2012 . Fischer won the general election with 58% of the vote . Her election marked the first time since 1970 that a Republican was elected to Nebraska 's Class 1 Senate seat , as well as the first time that a woman was elected to a full Senate term in the state 's history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edmonton_Oilers", "text": "The Edmonton Oilers are a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference . The Oilers were officially founded in 1971 by W. D. Wild Bill Hunter and Dr. Chuck Allard . The team played its first season in 1972 , as one of the twelve founding franchises of the major professional World Hockey Association ( WHA ) . They were originally intended to be one of two WHA Alberta teams , along with the Calgary Broncos . However , when the Broncos relocated to Cleveland , Ohio , before the WHA 's first season began , the Oilers were renamed the Alberta Oilers . They returned to their current name in the following year , and subsequently joined the NHL in 1979 as one of four franchises absorbed through the NHL merger with the WHA . After joining the NHL , the Oilers went on to win the Stanley Cup on five occasions : 1983-84 , 1984-85 , 1986-87 , 1987-88 and 1989-90 . Along with the Pittsburgh Penguins , they are tied for the most championships won by any team since the NHL-WHA merger and also the most won by any team that joined the league in or after 1967 . Among all NHL teams , only the Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times since the League 's 1967 expansion . For their success in the 1980s , the Oilers team of this era has been honoured with dynasty status by the Hockey Hall of Fame . However , the Oilers began to struggle greatly shortly after the 2004-05 NHL lockout , having missed the playoffs every year since 2006 , with the exception of 2016-17 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hague,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Hague is a small rural town in Saskatchewan , Canada , located approximately 47 kilometers north of Saskatoon . Hague was established in the late nineteenth century as a Mennonite community farming the fertile land in the area . Hague is growing due to its relatively low cost of living compared to Saskatoon . However , the town 's connection to the farming community remains strong . It has a school , arena ( with hockey and curling ) , grocery store , hardware store , Credit Union , post office , two restaurants , two gas stations , and a vehicle dealership named Valley Ford . Construction on Highway 11 North was completed July 2011 , twinning the Highway between Hague and Saskatoon . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Post-disco", "text": "Post-disco is a term to describe an aftermath in popular music history circa 1979-1984 , imprecisely beginning with an unprecedented backlash against disco music in the United States , leading to civil unrest and a riot in Chicago known as the Disco Demolition Night on July 12 , 1979 , and indistinctly ending with the mainstream appearance of New Wave in the early 1980s . Disco during its dying stage displayed an increasingly electronic character that soon served as a stepping stone to new wave , old-school hip hop , euro disco and was succeeded by an underground club music called hi-NRG , which was its direct continuation . An underground movement of disco music , stripped-down , and featuring radically different sounds took place on the East Coast that was neither disco and neither R & B , This scene known as post-disco [ nb 1 ] catering to New York metropolitan area , was initially led by urban contemporary artists partially in response to the over-commercialization and artistic downfall of disco culture . Developed from the rhythm and blues sound as perfected by Parliament-Funkadelic , the electronic side of disco , dub music techniques , and other genres . Post-disco was typified by New York City music groups like D Train and Unlimited Touch who followed a more urban approach while others , like Material and ESG , a more experimental one . Post-disco was , like disco , singles-driven market controlled mostly by independent record companies that generated a cross-over chart success all through the early-to-mid 1980s . Most creative control was in the hands of record producers and club DJs which was a trend that outlived the dance-pop era . Other musical styles that emerged in the post-disco era include dance-pop , boogie , and Italo disco and led to the development of the early alternative dance , club-centered house and techno music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nordic_combined_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The nordic combined competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park . The events were held between 14 and 25 February 2010 . Sprint and individual Gundersen events of 7.5 km and 15 km events were replaced by two 10 km individual events with one jump each from the normal and large hills respectively . Team event went from two jumps down for one jump per team member . This was done during the 2008-09 Nordic Combined World Cup season and was also applied to the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(1953_film)", "text": "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a 1953 American musical comedy film based on the 1949 stage musical of the same name . It was directed by Howard Hawks and stars Jane Russell and Marilyn Monroe , with Charles Coburn , Elliott Reid , Tommy Noonan , George Winslow , Taylor Holmes and Norma Varden in supporting roles . The film is filled with comedic gags and musical numbers , choreographed by Jack Cole , while the music was written by Hoagy Carmichael , Harold Adamson , Jule Styne and Leo Robin . The songs by Styne and Robin are from the Broadway show , while the songs by Carmichael and Adamson were written especially for the film . Despite the film 's title , Monroe was paid her usual contract salary of $ 500 a week , while Russell , then the better known actress , earned $ 200,000 . While Russell 's down-to-earth , sharp wit has been observed by most critics , it was Monroe 's turn as the gold-digging Lorelei Lee for which the film is often remembered . Monroe 's rendition of the song Diamonds Are a Girl 's Best Friend and her pink dress are considered iconic , and the performance has inspired homages by Beyonce , Madonna , Geri Halliwell , Kylie Minogue , Nicole Kidman , Anna Nicole Smith , Christina Aguilera , Normani , Ariana Grande , and James Franco ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khao_soi", "text": "Khao soi or khao soy ( Thai : ข้าวซอย , pronounced [ kʰâ : w sɔ̄ːj ] ; Lao : ເຂົ້າຊອຍ [ kʰȁw sɔ́ːj ] , Burmese : အုန်းနို့ခေါက်ဆွဲ [ ʔóʊɴ no̰ kʰaʊʔ sʰwɛ́ ] ) is a Chin Haw dish served widely in Myanmar ( known as : ohn no khao swè ) , Laos and northern Thailand . The name means 'cut rice ' , although it is possible that it is simply a corruption of the Burmese word for noodles - khao swè - which may account for the variations . Traditionally , the dough for the rice noodles is spread out on a cloth stretched over boiling water . After steaming the large sheet noodle is then rolled and cut with scissors . Lao khao soi is still made with the traditional noodles , and in some markets in Luang Namtha and Muang Sing vendors still cut the noodles . These traditionally cut noodles can also be found in several places in northern Thailand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_end", "text": "Defensive End ( DE ) is a defensive position in the sport of gridiron football . This position has designated the players at each end of the defensive line , but changes in formations over the years have substantially changed how the position is played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cher", "text": "Cher ( /ʃɛər/ ; born Cherilyn Sarkisian ; May 20 , 1946 ) is an American singer , actress and television personality . Commonly referred to by the media as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry . Cher is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment , as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances during her six-decade-long career . Cher gained popularity in 1965 as one-half of the folk rock husband-wife duo Sonny & Cher after their song I Got You Babe reached number one on the American and British charts . By the end of 1967 , they had sold 40 million records worldwide and had become , according to Time magazine , rock 's it couple . She began her solo career simultaneously , releasing in 1966 her first million-seller song , Bang Bang ( My Baby Shot Me Down ) . She became a television personality in the 1970s with her shows The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour , watched by over 30 million viewers weekly during its three-year run , and Cher . She emerged as a fashion trendsetter by wearing elaborate outfits on her television shows . While working on television , Cher established herself as a solo artist with the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping singles Gypsys , Tramps & Thieves , Half-Breed , and Dark Lady . After her divorce from Sonny Bono in 1975 , she launched a comeback in 1979 with the disco album Take Me Home and earned $ 300,000 a week for her 1980-1982 concert residency in Las Vegas . In 1982 , Cher made her Broadway debut in the play Come Back to the Five and Dime , Jimmy Dean , Jimmy Dean and starred in its film adaptation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patty_Berg", "text": "Patricia Jane Berg ( February 13 , 1918 - September 10 , 2006 ) was an American professional golfer and a founding member and then leading player on the LPGA Tour during the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s . Her 15 major title wins remains the all-time record for most major wins by a female golfer . She is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All_Through_the_Night_(film)", "text": "All Through the Night is a 1942 American comedy-drama film directed by Vincent Sherman and starring Humphrey Bogart , Conrad Veidt and Kaaren Verne , and featuring many of the Warner Bros. company of character actors . It was released by Warner Brothers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Swedish_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Swedish Open was the eleventh event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . The event was organised by the Swedish Table Tennis Association , under the authority of the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It took place from 1-4 November in Stockholm , Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gyeongsangnam-do", "text": "South Gyeongsang Province ( Korean : 경상남도 , romanized : Gyeongsangnam-do , Korean pronunciation : [ kjʌŋ.saŋ.nam.do ] ) is a province in the southeast of South Korea . The provincial capital is at Changwon . It is adjacent to the major metropolitan center and port of Busan . There is UNESCO World Heritage Site Haeinsa , a Buddhist temple that houses the Tripitaka Koreana and attracts many tourists . Automobile and petrochemical factories are largely concentrated along the southern part of the province , extending from Ulsan through Busan , Changwon , and Jinju ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgian_First_Division", "text": "The Belgian First Division A is the top league competition for association football clubs in Belgium . Following the 2015-16 season it was renamed from the Belgian Pro League ( officially known as Jupiler Pro League ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈʒypilɛr ˈproː ˈlik ] ) . Contested by 16 clubs , it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the Belgian First Division B . Seasons run from late July to early May , with teams playing 30 matches each in the regular season , and then entering play-offs I or play-offs II according to their position in the regular season . Play-offs I ( also known as the title playoffs ) are contested by the top-six clubs in the regular season , with each club playing each other twice . Play-offs II ( also known as the Europa League playoff ) are contested by teams ranked 7 to 16 in the regular season , divided in four groups of four teams playing each other twice ( six teams from the Belgian First Division B also take part in playoff II ) . The team finishing in 16th place is relegated . As of 2014 [ update ] the league was sponsored by AB InBev , brewers of Jupiler beer , and officially known as Jupiler Pro League . The competition was created in 1895 by the Royal Belgian Football Association and was first won by FC Liégeois . Of the 74 clubs to have competed in the first division since its creation , 15 have been crowned champions of Belgium . RSC Anderlecht is the most successful league club with 34 titles , followed by Club Brugge KV ( 15 ) , Union Saint-Gilloise ( 11 ) and Standard Liège ( 10 ) . It is currently ranked 8th in the UEFA rankings of leagues based on performances in European competitions over the last five-years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Universal_Pictures", "text": "Universal Pictures ( also known as Universal Studios , and formerly Universal Film Manufacturing Company ) is an American film studio owned by Comcast through the NBCUniversal Film and Entertainment division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal . Founded in 1912 by Carl Laemmle , Mark Dintenfass , Charles O. Baumann , Adam Kessel , Pat Powers , William Swanson , David Horsley , Robert H. Cochrane , and Jules Brulatour , it is the oldest surviving film studio in the United States ; the world 's fifth oldest after Gaumont , Pathé , Titanus , and Nordisk Film ; and the oldest member of Hollywood 's Big Five studios in terms of the overall film market . Its studios are located in Universal City , California , and its corporate offices are located in New York City . Universal Pictures is a member of the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) , and was one of the Little Three majors during Hollywood 's golden age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crandall,_Indiana", "text": "Crandall is a town in Jackson Township , Harrison County , Indiana , United States . The population was 152 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Örbyhus_Castle", "text": "Örbyhus Castle ( Swedish : Örbyhus slott ) is a castle in Tierp Municipality , Sweden . It lies some 12 kilometres east of European route E4 , approximately halfway between Uppsala and Gävle . Known since the 14th century , the estate was turned into a castle during the 15th century by Johan Kristensson Vasa , grandfather of Swedish king Gustav Vasa . The castle has been used as a prison , and its most well-known prisoner was king Eric XIV of Sweden , who died here in 1577 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Buffalo_Bills_seasons", "text": "This is a list of seasons completed by the Buffalo Bills American football franchise . The list documents the season-by-season records of the Bills ' franchise from 1960 to present , including postseason records , and league awards for individual players or head coaches . The Bills finished their most recent season ( 2019 ) with a record of ten wins and six losses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sikeston,_Missouri", "text": "Sikeston /ˈsaɪkstən/ is a city located both in southern Scott County and northern New Madrid County , in the state of Missouri , United States . It is situated just north of the Missouri Bootheel , although many locals consider Sikeston a part of it . By way of Interstate 55 , Interstate 57 , and U.S. Route 60 , Sikeston is close to the halfway point between St. Louis and Memphis and three hours from Nashville . The city is named after John Sikes , who founded it in 1860 . It is the principal city of the Sikeston Micropolitan Statistical Area , which consists of all of Scott County , and has a total population of 41,143 . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 16,318 , making it the fourth-most populous city in Missouri 's 8th Congressional district ( map ) behind Cape Girardeau , Rolla , and Poplar Bluff and just ahead of Farmington . Before the 2010 census , it had been the second-most populous city in the district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Just_My_Luck_(2006_film)", "text": "Just My Luck is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie , written by I. Marlene King , Amy B. Harris , Jonathan Bernstein and James Greer , and starring Lindsay Lohan as Ashley Albright , the luckiest girl in Manhattan . She loses her luck after kissing Jake Hardin , portrayed by Chris Pine , at a masquerade bash . The film features supporting roles by Faizon Love , Missi Pyle , Samaire Armstrong and McFly , the English band whom Jake discovers in the film and tries to help by finding them a producer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Botswana_Police_XI_SC", "text": "Botswana Police XI Sporting Club is a football ( soccer ) club from Botswana based in Otse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oscar_V._Peterson", "text": "Oscar Verner Peterson ( August 27 , 1899 - May 13 , 1942 ) was a Chief Petty Officer in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor posthumously in World War II for his actions during the Battle of the Coral Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Second_Bulgarian_Empire", "text": "The Second Bulgarian Empire ( Bulgarian : Второ българско царство , Vtorо Bălgarskо Tsarstvo ) was a medieval Bulgarian state that existed between 1185 and 1396 . A successor to the First Bulgarian Empire , it reached the peak of its power under Tsars Kaloyan and Ivan Asen II before gradually being conquered by the Ottomans in the late 14th and early 15th centuries . It was succeeded by the Principality and later Kingdom of Bulgaria in 1878 . Until 1256 , the Second Bulgarian Empire was the dominant power in the Balkans , defeating the Byzantine Empire in several major battles . In 1205 Emperor Kaloyan defeated the newly established Latin Empire in the Battle of Adrianople . His nephew Ivan Asen II defeated the Despotate of Epiros and made Bulgaria a regional power again . During his reign , Bulgaria spread from the Adriatic to the Black Sea and the economy flourished . In the late 13th century , however , the Empire declined under constant invasions by Mongols , Byzantines , Hungarians , and Serbs , as well as internal unrest and revolts . The 14th century saw a temporary recovery and stability , but also the peak of Balkan feudalism as central authorities gradually lost power in many regions . Bulgaria was divided into three parts on the eve of the Ottoman invasion . Despite strong Byzantine influence , Bulgarian artists and architects created their own distinctive style . In the 14th century , during the period known as the Second Golden Age of Bulgarian culture , literature , art and architecture flourished ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rui_Machado", "text": "Rui Machado ( born April 10 , 1984 in Faro ) is a Portuguese retired professional tennis player who is regarded as one of the best Portuguese players of all time . In October 2011 , he achieved a career-high singles world ranking at 59 , at the time the highest ranking a Portuguese player had ever held ( since surpassed by João Sousa and Gastão Elias ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manuel_Vargas_(singer)", "text": "Manuel Vargas is a singer-songwriter , current member of the Mariachi Vargas de Tecalitlán and lead performer of the Mariachi Sangre Mexicana . Vargas received two nominations at the 2nd Latin Grammy Awards for Best New Artist and Best Ranchero Album for his studio album Por Amor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Downie_Stewart_Sr", "text": "William Downie Stewart ( 15 May 1842 - 25 November 1898 ) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician and a lawyer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1999–2000_Football_League", "text": "The 1999-2000 Football League ( known as the Nationwide Football League for sponsorship reasons ) was the 101st completed season of The Football League . The 1999-2000 season saw the league dispense with the traditional 1-11 numbering of players shirts in favour of squad numbers , a system that had been adopted by the Premier League a few seasons before . This also meant that players names appeared on the back of their shirts for the first time since the leagues inception . The three promotion places in Division One went to champions Charlton Athletic , runners-up Manchester City and playoff winners Ipswich Town . 1999-2000 also saw some of Division Ones biggest clubs miss out on promotion - the biggest of these were Blackburn Rovers ( 11th ) and Nottingham Forest ( 14th ) . Steve Coppell ended his fourth spell as Crystal Palace manager after doing wonders to keep a virtually bankrupt club clear of the Division One relegation zone . Going down were Walsall , Port Vale and Swindon Town . West Bromwich Albion just missed out on the drop zone thanks to a late turn-around in form during the final weeks of the season which followed the appointment of Gary Megson as manager . David Moyes , 37 , showed promise as one of the leagues most highly rated young managers after he guided Preston North End to the Division Two championship . Stan Ternents two-year rebuilding project at Burnley paid off as they finished runners-up in the division and would establish themselves as a second tier side for nine years until promotion to the Premier League happened at the end of the 2008-09 season . Joining them in Division One were Peter Taylors Gillingham , who had reached the upper half of the league for the first time in their history . Going down were Cardiff City , Blackpool , Scunthorpe United and Chesterfield ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nobles_Emigrant_Trail", "text": "The Nobles Emigrant Trail , also known as the Fort Kearney , South Pass and Honey Lake Wagon Road , is a trail in California that was used by emigrant parties from the east as a shortened route to northern California . It was pioneered in 1851 by William Nobles , who discovered an easy shortcut between the Applegate Trail in Nevada and the Lassen Trail in California . The trail was extensively used until the 1870s , when it was superseded by railroads ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bobby_Lowe", "text": "Robert Lincoln Lowe ( July 10 , 1865 - December 8 , 1951 ) , nicknamed Link , was an American Major League Baseball ( MLB ) player , coach and scout . He played for the Boston Beaneaters ( 1890-1901 ) , Chicago Cubs ( 1902-1903 ) , Pittsburgh Pirates ( 1904 ) , and Detroit Tigers ( 1904-1907 ) . Lowe was the first player in Major League history to hit four home runs in a game , a feat which he accomplished in May 1894 . He also tied or set Major League records with 17 total bases in a single game and six hits in a single game . Lowe was a versatile player who played at every position but was principally known as a second baseman . When he retired in 1907 , his career fielding average of .953 at second base was the highest in Major League history . Lowe also worked as a baseball manager , coach and scout . He was the player-manager of the Detroit Tigers during the last half of the 1904 season . He was also a player-manager for the Grand Rapids Wolverines in 1908 , and coached college baseball in 1907 for the University of Michigan and from 1909 to 1910 for Washington & Jefferson College . Lowe was a scout for the Detroit Tigers in 1911 and 1912 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1967_in_film", "text": "The year 1967 in film involved some significant events . It is widely considered as one of the most ground-breaking years in film , with revolutionary films highlighting the change , including : Bonnie and Clyde , The Graduate , Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner , Cool Hand Luke , The Dirty Dozen , In Cold Blood , In the Heat of the Night , The Jungle Book and You Only Live Twice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Texano_Jr.", "text": "Juan Aguilar Leos ( born July 31 , 1984 ) is a Mexican luchador , or professional wrestler who is currently signed to Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide , better known by the ring name El Texano Jr. Aguilar is the son of Juan Conrado Aguilar Jáuregui , who wrestled under the name El Texano ; Aguilar 's brother is a wrestler known as Súper Nova / Bengala and he has several uncles and cousins that are professional wrestlers including El Dandy , Mictlán , Pólvora and Inquisidor . For the early part of his career Aguilar worked for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , during which he also made several tours of Japan for New Japan Pro Wrestling ( NJPW ) from 2005 until 2007 . While in CMLL member of groups Los Hijos del Averno ( Spanish for the Sons of Hell ) and Los Perros del Mal ( the Evil Dogs ) , but opted to remain with CMLL when Los Perros left the promotion in 2010 . In November 2011 , Aguilar left CMLL to join Perros del Mal Producciones . After signing with AAA , Aguilar , under his current ring name , Texano won his first championship while in the group , the where he is a two-time AAA Mega Champion , with his 735-day reign being the second-longest in history and a company record within AAA . Texano has gone on to become a one-time AAA World Trios Championship and a one-time AAA World Tag Team Championship ( with Rey Escorpión ) . Texano also became the Rey de Reyes 2015 winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Malkovich", "text": "John Gavin Malkovich ( born December 9 , 1953 ) is an American actor , producer , and fashion designer . He received Academy Award nominations for his performances in Places in the Heart ( 1984 ) and In the Line of Fire ( 1993 ) . He has appeared in more than 70 films , including The Killing Fields ( 1984 ) , Empire of the Sun ( 1987 ) , Dangerous Liaisons ( 1988 ) , Of Mice and Men ( 1992 ) , Mulholland Falls ( 1996 ) , Con Air ( 1997 ) , Rounders ( 1998 ) , Being John Malkovich ( 1999 ) , Shadow of the Vampire ( 2000 ) , Ripley 's Game ( 2002 ) , Johnny English ( 2003 ) , Burn After Reading ( 2008 ) , Red ( 2010 ) , Warm Bodies ( 2013 ) , Bird Box ( 2018 ) , and Velvet Buzzsaw ( 2019 ) , as well as producing films such as Ghost World ( 2001 ) , Juno ( 2007 ) , and The Perks of Being a Wallflower ( 2012 ) . As of early 2020 , Malkovich is starring as the title character in the HBO series , The New Pope , alongside Jude Law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kitamilo", "text": "Kitamilo is a town in Buvuma District , in Central Uganda . It is the main municipal , administrative and commercial center of the district . The district headquarters are located there ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wide_receiver", "text": "A wide receiver , also referred to as wideouts or simply receivers , is an offensive position in gridiron football , and is a key player . They get their name because they are split out wide ( near the sidelines ) , farthest away from the rest of the team . Wide receivers are among the fastest players on the field . The wide receiver functions as the pass-catching specialist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Van_Ngoc_Tu", "text": "Văn Ngọc Tú ( 11 August 1987 , Sóc Trăng ) is a Vietnamese judoka who competes in the women 's 48 kg category . At the 2012 Summer Olympics , she was defeated in the first round . At the 2016 Summer Olympics , she was eliminated in the second round by Jeong Bo-kyeong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maipú_Department,_Chaco", "text": "Maipú is a central department of Chaco Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 25,000 inhabitants in an area of 2,855 km² , and its capital city is Tres Isletas , which is located around 1,250 km from the Capital federal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Premier_Leagues_Western_Australia", "text": "The National Premier Leagues Western Australia is a regional Australian semi-professional soccer league comprising teams from Western Australia . The league name is often abbreviated to NPL Western Australia or NPL WA . As a subdivision of the National Premier Leagues , the league is the highest level of the Western Australian league system ( Level 2 of the overall Australian league system ) . The competition is administered by Football West , the governing body of the sport in the state . In 2014 , the league - formerly known as the Football West State League Premier Division - was rebranded into what exists today ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ted_Kennedy", "text": "Edward Moore Kennedy ( February 22 , 1932 - August 25 , 2009 ) was an American politician who served as a U.S . Senator from Massachusetts for almost 47 years , from 1962 until his death in 2009 . A member of the Democratic Party and the Kennedy political family , he was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and is the third-longest-continuously-serving senator in United States history . Kennedy was a brother of President John F. Kennedy and U.S. Attorney General and U.S . Senator Robert F. Kennedy - both victims of assassination - and was the father of Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy . After attending Harvard University and receiving his law degree from the University of Virginia , he began his career as an assistant district attorney in Suffolk County , Massachusetts . Kennedy was 30 years old when he first entered the Senate following a November 1962 special election in Massachusetts to fill the vacant seat previously held by his brother John , who had taken office as the president . He was elected to a full six-year term in 1964 and was later re-elected seven more times . The Chappaquiddick incident in 1969 resulted in the death of his automobile passenger , Mary Jo Kopechne , as well as physical injuries and mental anguish to Kennedy . He pleaded guilty to a charge of leaving the scene of an accident and later received a two-month suspended sentence . The incident and its aftermath hindered his chances of ever becoming president . His only attempt , in the 1980 election , resulted in a Democratic primary campaign loss to the incumbent president , Jimmy Carter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994–95_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1994-95 Iraqi National League was the 21st season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . The league title was won by Al-Zawraa for the second time in a row , and they also won the Iraq FA Cup for the third consecutive time . Exactly half of the competing teams in the league were relegated , in order to create a 12-team league for the next campaign . In this season , three points were given for a win instead of two points , and four points were given for a win by three goals or more ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fortaleza_Esporte_Clube", "text": "Fortaleza Esporte Clube , usually known as Fortaleza , is primarily a football club , but is active in other sports such as futsal , handball and basketball . Fortaleza Esporte Clube is based in Fortaleza , capital of the State of Ceará , Brazil . The club was founded on October 18 , 1918 . Fortaleza is one of the most traditional [ clarification needed ] clubs in the Northeastern region of Brazil alongside Bahia , Vitória , Santa Cruz , Sport , Náutico and Ceará its biggest rival , with minor expression . Club colors are red , blue and white ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dear_John_(2010_film)", "text": "Dear John is a 2010 American romantic drama-war film starring Amanda Seyfried and Channing Tatum . It was made by Screen Gems and was released theatrically in North America on February 5 , 2010 . The film was directed by Lasse Hallström , and it is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks ' 2006 novel of the same name . It follows the life of a soldier ( Channing Tatum ) after he falls in love with a young woman ( Amanda Seyfried ) . They decide to exchange letters to each other after he is deployed to the war . The movie was filmed in 2009 in Charleston , South Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aoba_Island", "text": "Ambae Island , also known as Aoba or Oba and formerly Leper 's Island , is an island in the South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu , located near 15°30′S 167°30′E / 15.500°S 167.500°E / -15.500 ; 167.500 , approximately 165 miles ( 266 km ) NNW of Vanuatu 's capital city , Port Vila ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dandenong_U18", "text": "The Dandenong Stingrays are an Australian rules football team in a Victorian under 18s league called the NAB League , the Victorian statewide under-18s competition . 1992 saw the birth of the Southern Stingrays and they were developed under the leadership of Steve Kennedy ( Regional Manager ) and Ron Roach ( Promotions Manager ) with the home base located at the Ben Kavanagh Reserve , Mordialloc . The side is coached in the inaugural year by Peter Russo . In 1995 the club moved from Mordialloc to Dandenong and it also changed its name to the Dandenong Southern Stingrays . The club is currently under the leadership of Darren Flanigan ( Region Talent Manager ) and Matthew Crozier ( Female Talent Coordinator ) with the home base located at Shepley Oval , Dandenong . The side is coached by Nick Cox ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Intercollegiate_Athletic_Association", "text": "The Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( CIAA ) is a collegiate athletic conference , mostly consisting of historically black colleges and universities . CIAA institutions are affiliated at the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Conference members are primarily located in North Carolina ( eight ) and Virginia ( two ) . There is one school in Maryland , Pennsylvania and South Carolina respectively . Because a majority of the members are in North Carolina , the CIAA moved its headquarters to Charlotte , North Carolina from Hampton , Virginia in August 2015 . The CIAA sponsors 16 annual championships and is divided into Northern and Southern divisions for some sports . The most notable CIAA sponsored championship is the CIAA Basketball Tournament held annually in Charlotte , North Carolina which has become one of the largest college basketball events in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/If_These_Walls_Could_Talk_2", "text": "If These Walls Could Talk 2 is a 2000 television film in the United States , broadcast on HBO . It follows three separate storylines about lesbian couples in three different time periods . As with the original If These Walls Could Talk , all the stories are set in the same house across different time periods . The segments were directed by Jane Anderson , Martha Coolidge , and Anne Heche respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gianmaria_Bruni", "text": "Gianmaria Gimmi Bruni ( born 30 May 1981 ) is an Italian Porsche factory auto racing driver who drove in the 2004 Formula One World Championship for Minardi . He is a GP2 Series race winner and is now racing in the FIA World Endurance Championship , in which he gained the 2013 and 2014 GT Drivers ' Titles whilst driving as a factory Ferrari driver . He won the 2008 FIA GT Championship , 2011 Le Mans Series and 2012 International GT Open and took three class victories at the 24 Hours of Le Mans , in 2008 , 2012 and 2014 . He also was successful at the 2009 and 2015 24 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps , 2010 12 Hours of Sebring and 2011 Petit Le Mans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1994 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 11-0 , 1994 at Reunion Arena in Dallas , TX . Number 1 seed Texas defeated 2 seed Texas A & M 87-62 to win their 1st championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1994 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palace_of_the_Parliament", "text": "The Palace of the Parliament ( Romanian : Palatul Parlamentului ) is the seat of the Parliament of Romania , located atop Dealul Spirii in Bucharest , the national capital . The Palace has a height of 84 metres ( 276 ft ) , a floor area of 365,000 square metres ( 3,930,000 sq ft ) and a volume of 2,550,000 cubic metres ( 90,000,000 cu ft ) . The Palace of the Parliament is the heaviest building in the world , weighing about 4,098,500,000 kilograms ( 9.0356×109 lb ) . The building was designed and supervised by chief architect Anca Petrescu , with a team of approximately 700 architects , and constructed over a period of 13 years ( 1984-97 ) in Totalitarian and modernist Neoclassical architectural forms and styles , with socialist realism in mind . The Palace was ordered by Nicolae Ceaușescu ( 1918-1989 ) , the dictator of Communist Romania and the second of two longtime autocrats in power in the country since World War II , during a period in which the personality cult of political worship and adoration was noticably increased for him and his family . Known for its ornate interior composed of 23 sections , it houses the two houses of the Parliament of Romania : the Senate ( Senat ) and the Chamber of Deputies ( Camera Deputaților ) , along with three museums and an international conference center . The several museums hosted inside the Palace are the National Museum of Contemporary Art , the Museum of Communist Totalitarianism ( established in 2015 ) and the Museum of the Palace . Though originally named the House of the Republic when under its long period of construction ( Romanian : Casa Republicii ) , after the Romanian Revolution in December 1989 it became widely known as The People 's House ( Romanian : Casa Poporului ) . Due to its impressive endowments , events organized by state institutions and international bodies such as conferences , symposia , and others take place there , but even so about 70% of the building still remains empty . In 1990 , Australian-born business and media magnate Rupert Murdoch wanted to buy the building for US $ 1 billion , but his bid was rejected . As of 2008 [ update ] , the Palace of the Parliament is valued at €3 billion ( $ 3.4 billion ) , making it also the most expensive administrative building in the world . The cost of heating and electric use and lighting alone exceeds $ 6 million per year , comparable to the total cost for powering a medium-sized city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Fabulosos_Cadillacs", "text": "Los Fabulosos Cadillacs is an Argentine ska band from Buenos Aires ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1957", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1957 took place in Davos , Switzerland . It marked the first time the event was held under the auspices of the International Luge Federation ( FIL ) which was formed earlier that year . Also , it was the first time the championships had been held after being cancelled the previous year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_FAI_Cup", "text": "The 2016 FAI Senior Challenge Cup , also known as the 2016 FAI Irish Daily Mail Senior Cup for sponsorship reasons , was the 96th season of the national Football competition of the Republic of Ireland . The winners of the competition earned a spot in the First Qualifying Round of the 2017-18 UEFA Europa League . A total of 40 teams competed in the 2016 competition , which commenced in April 2016 . The teams entered from the 2016 League of Ireland Premier Division and First Division received byes into the Second Round stage . Four non-league teams also received byes to the Second Round . The remaining 12 teams entered at the First Round stage . These non league teams are composed of the sixteen clubs which reached the Fourth Round of the 2015-16 FAI Intermediate Cup , and the Semi-Finalists of the 2015-16 FAI Junior Cup . Cork City won the cup with a late extra-time goal for a 1-0 win against Dundalk in the final on 6 November ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thohoyandou", "text": "Thohoyandou is a town/City in the Limpopo Province of South Africa . It is the administrative centre of Vhembe District Municipality and Thulamela Local Municipality . It is also known for being the former capital of the bantustan of Venda . Thohoyandou was built at Tshiluvhi which was under Khosi vho Netshiluvhi . Construction started in 1977 with P East and P West residential area/location as R293 town , a shopping centre and Venda Government buildings . The Netshiluvhis were the first occupants of the area as far back as 1400 AD , i.e . after the collapse of Mapungubwe Kingdom . They were forcefully removed from this area between 1960 and 1970 by the apartheid government of the Venda Bantustan under khosi vho Mphephu Ramabulana . The name Tshiluvhi comes from the Venda word luvha which means to pay homages or respect . The former Venda president built his palace and his ministerial resident at Tshiluvhis chiefs kraal as they were already moved by the apartheid government . The following leaders and their subject under Netshiluvhi were forcefully removed from their areas . Some of the Netshiluvhi are known by different names : Malima , Khorommbi , Mathomu , Magidi , and Mudau ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Invertible_matrix", "text": "In linear algebra , an n-by-n square matrix A is called invertible ( also nonsingular or nondegenerate ) if there exists an n-by-n square matrix B such that"}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Randolph_of_Roanoke", "text": "John Randolph ( June 2 , 1773 - May 24 , 1833 ) , known as John Randolph of Roanoke , [ note 1 ] was a planter and a Congressman from Virginia , serving in the House of Representatives at various times between 1799 and 1833 , and the Senate from 1825 to 1827 . He was also Minister to Russia under Andrew Jackson in 1830 . After serving as President Thomas Jefferson 's spokesman in the House , he broke with the president in 1805 as a result of what he saw as the dilution of traditional Jeffersonian principles as well as perceived mistreatment during the impeachment of Samuel Chase , in which Randolph served as chief prosecutor . Following this split , Randolph proclaimed himself the leader of the Old Republicans or Tertium Quids , a wing of the Democratic-Republican Party who wanted to restrict the role of the federal government . Specifically , Randolph promoted the Principles of '98 , which said that individual states could judge the constitutionality of central government laws and decrees , and could refuse to enforce laws deemed unconstitutional . A quick-thinking orator with a remarkable wit , he was committed to republicanism and advocated a commercial agrarian society throughout his three decades in Congress . Randolph 's conservative stance , displayed in his arguments against debt and for the rights of the landed gentry , have been attributed to his ties to his family estate and the elitist values of his native Southside Virginia [ citation needed ] . His belief in the importance of a landed gentry led him to oppose the abolition of entail and primogeniture : The old families of Virginia will form connections with low people , and sink into the mass of overseers ' sons and daughters . Randolph vehemently opposed the War of 1812 and the Missouri Compromise of 1820 ; he was active in debates about tariffs , manufacturing , and currency . With mixed feelings about slavery , he was one of the founders of the American Colonization Society in 1816 , to send free blacks to a colony in Africa . At the same time , he believed that slavery was a necessity in Virginia , saying , The question of slavery , as it is called , is to us a question of life and death . You will find no instance in history where two distinct races have occupied the soil except in the relation of master and slave ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nags_Head_Beach_Cottages_Historic_District", "text": "Nags Head Beach Cottages Historic District , also known as the Nags Head Beach Cottage Row Historic District , is a national historic district located at Nags Head , Dare County , North Carolina . The district encompasses 41 contributing buildings dating from the late-19th and early-20th century . The district is characterized by a string of frame wood-shingled cottages and includes notable examples of Late Gothic Revival and Queen Anne style architecture . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_War_II", "text": "World War II ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 ) , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 . The vast majority of the world 's countries - including all the great powers - eventually formed two opposing military alliances : the Allies and the Axis . A state of total war emerged , directly involving more than 100 million people from more than 30 countries . The major participants threw their entire economic , industrial , and scientific capabilities behind the war effort , blurring the distinction between civilian and military resources . World War II was the deadliest conflict in human history , marked by 70 to 85 million fatalities , most of whom were civilians in the Soviet Union and China . It included massacres , the genocide of the Holocaust , strategic bombing , premeditated death from starvation and disease , and the only use of nuclear weapons in war . Japan , which aimed to dominate Asia and the Pacific , was at war with China by 1937 , [ b ] though neither side had declared war on the other . World War II is generally said to have begun on 1 September 1939 , with the invasion of Poland by Germany and subsequent declarations of war on Germany by France and the United Kingdom . From late 1939 to early 1941 , in a series of campaigns and treaties , Germany conquered or controlled much of continental Europe , and formed the Axis alliance with Italy and Japan . Under the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact of August 1939 , Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories of their European neighbours , Poland , Finland , Romania and the Baltic states . Following the onset of campaigns in North Africa and East Africa , and the Fall of France in mid 1940 , the war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the British Empire . War in the Balkans , the aerial Battle of Britain , the Blitz , and the long Battle of the Atlantic followed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992_UK_Championship_(snooker)", "text": "The 1992 UK Championship was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place at the Guild Hall in Preston , England . The event started on 13 November 1992 and the televised stages were shown on BBC between 21 and 29 November 1992 . It was the last UK Final to be staged over two days and to use the best of 31 frames format . The highest break of the televised stages was 136 made by James Wattana and the same of the non-televised stages was 147 made by Peter Ebdon . In a repeat of the previous year 's final Jimmy White won his first and only UK Championship title by defeating defending champion John Parrott 16-9 in a reverse of the result in 1991 , winning back-to-back ranking events after victory in the Grand Prix a month earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ascension_of_Our_Lord_Chapel", "text": "The Ascension of Our Lord Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox chapel in Karluk , Alaska . Now it is under Diocese of Alaska of the Orthodox Church in America It is believed that an original church was built in Karluk in the 1700s . The current church was built in 1888 , with design and building attributed to one Charles Smith Hursh . Its architecture shared some with its contemporary Russian Orthodox church at Belkofski , but has a more fully realized design for a small church , embodying eclectic features of one main stream of R. O. rural church design . Its design was largely copied in the design of the Nativity of Our Lord Chapel in Ouzinkie , Alaska . The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea", "text": "South Korea ( Korean : 한국/韓國 ; RR : Hanguk or literally 남한/南韓 ; RR : Namhan ) , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국/大韓民國 ; RR : Daehan Minguk ) is a country in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea . The name Korea is derived from Goguryeo , which was one of the great powers in East Asia during its time , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula , Manchuria , parts of the Russian Far East and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Its capital , Seoul , is a major global city and half of South Korea 's over 51 million people live in the Seoul Capital Area , the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world . The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period . Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BC . Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century , Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty ( 918-1392 ) and the Joseon dynasty ( 1392-1897 ) . The succeeding Korean Empire was annexed into the Empire of Japan in 1910 . After World War II , Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S.-administered zones , with the latter becoming the Republic of Korea in August 1948 . In 1950 , a North Korean invasion began the Korean War and after its end in 1953 , the country 's economy began to soar , recording the fastest rise in average GDP per capita in the world between 1980 and 1990 . Authoritarian rule ended in 1987 and the country is now the most advanced democracy with the highest level of press freedom in Asia . South Korea is a member of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , the G20 and the Paris Club . South Korea is a highly developed country and the world 's 12th-largest economy by nominal GDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UBS_AG", "text": "UBS Group AG [ nb 1 ] is a Swiss multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in Switzerland . Co-headquartered in the cities of Zürich and Basel , it maintains a presence in all major financial centres as the largest Swiss banking institution in the world . UBS client services are known for their strict bank-client confidentiality and culture of banking secrecy . [ nb 2 ] The bank 's large positions in the Americas , EMEA , and Asia Pacific markets make it a global systemically important financial institution . UBS was founded in 1862 as the Bank in Winterthur alongside the advent of the Swiss banking industry . During the 1890s , the Swiss Bank Corporation ( SBC ) was founded , forming a private banking syndicate that expanded aided by Switzerland 's international neutrality . The Bank of Winterthur merged with Toggenburger Bank in 1912 to form the Union Bank of Switzerland ( UBS ) and grew rapidly after the Banking Law of 1934 codified Swiss banking secrecy . Following decades of market competition between the SBC and UBS , the two merged in 1998 to create a single company known solely as UBS . [ nb 3 ] Through mergers and acquisitions up to the early 2000s , UBS together with Credit Suisse held more than 50% of all deposits in Switzerland . After UBS managed heavy losses during the 2008 financial crisis with an asset relief recovery program , it was hit with the 2011 rogue trader scandal resulting in a US $ 2 billion trading loss . In 2012 the bank reoriented itself around wealth management and limited its sell side operations . In the years since , the company 's capital strength , security protocols , and reputation for discretion has yielded a substantial market share in banking and high level of brand loyalty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Misty_Morn", "text": "Misty Morn ( 1952-1971 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse . She was by the stakes-winning sire Princequillo , who had been smuggled from Europe during World War II and who also sired the dam of Secretariat , Somethingroyal . Bred and owned by Gladys Mills Phipps ' Wheatley Stable , at age three Misty Morn broke the Jamaica Racetrack track record en route to winning the 1955 Gallant Fox Handicap . Her first stakes win came versus unrestricted three-year-olds in the Providence Stakes at Narragansett Park . The filly ended up the year as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly and American Champion Older Female Horse after additional wins in the Molly Pitcher , Monmouth Oaks and Diana Handicap . Retired to breeding at Claiborne Farm in Paris , Kentucky , Misty Morn was the 1963 Broodmare of the Year . Two of her foals earned American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt honors : Bold Lad in 1964 and Successor in 1966 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1968_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1968 Summer Olympics ( Spanish : Juegos Olímpicos de Verano de 1968 ) , officially known as the Games of the XIX Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event held in Mexico City , Mexico , from October 12 to the 27th . These were the first Olympic Games to be staged in Latin America and the first to be staged in a Spanish-speaking country . They were the first Games to use an all-weather ( smooth ) track for track and field events instead of the traditional cinder track . The 1968 Games were the third to be held in the last quarter of the year , after the 1956 Games in Melbourne and the 1964 Games in Tokyo . The Mexican Student Movement of 1968 happened concurrently and the Olympic Games were correlated to the government 's repression . The United States won the most gold and overall medals for the last time until 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Hilal_(Kadougli)", "text": "Al-Hilal Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الهلال الرياضي ) also known as Hilal Kadougli is a football club from Kadougli , Sudan . They play in the top level of Sudanese professional football , the Sudan Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Porto", "text": "Futebol Clube do Porto , MHIH , OM ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ futɨˈβɔl ˈkluβ ( ɨ ) ðu ˈpoɾtu ] ) , commonly known as FC Porto or simply Porto , is a Portuguese professional sports club based in Porto . It is best known for the professional football team playing in the Primeira Liga , the top flight of Portuguese football , Founded on 28 September 1893 , Porto is one of the Big Three ( Portuguese : Os Três Grandes ) teams in Portugal - together with Lisbon-based rivals Benfica and Sporting CP - that have appeared in every season of the Primeira Liga since its establishment in 1934 . They are nicknamed Dragões ( Dragons ) , for the mythical creature atop the club 's crest , and Azuis e brancos ( Blue-and-whites ) , for the shirt colours . The club supporters are called Portistas . Since 2003 , Porto have played their home matches at the Estádio do Dragão , which replaced the previous 103-year-old ground , the Estádio das Antas . Porto is the second most decorated team in Portugal , with 76 major trophies , of which 69 were achieved in domestic competitions . These comprise 28 Primeira Liga titles ( five of which were won consecutively between 1994-95 and 1998-99 , a Portuguese football record ) , 16 Taça de Portugal , 4 Campeonato de Portugal , and a record 21 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira . Porto is the second team in Portuguese league history to have won two titles without any defeat , namely in the 2010-11 and 2012-13 seasons . In the former , Porto achieved the largest-ever difference of points between champion and runner-up in a three-points-per-win system ( 21 points ) , on their way to a second quadruple . In international competitions , Porto is the most decorated Portuguese team , with seven trophies . They won the European Cup/UEFA Champions League in 1987 and 2004 , the UEFA Cup/Europa League in 2003 and 2011 , the UEFA Super Cup in 1987 , and the Intercontinental Cup in 1987 and 2004 . In addition , they were runners-up in the 1983-84 European Cup Winners ' Cup and in the 2003 , 2004 and 2011 editions of the UEFA Super Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Héctor_Garza", "text": "Héctor Solano Segura ( June 12 , 1969 - May 26 , 2013 ) was a Mexican professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Héctor Garza . During his career he worked for various major Mexican professional wrestling promotions such as Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , Perros del Mal Producciones and , at the time of death , AAA . Garza also worked for several major promotions such as World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) in the United States . Solano was a second-generation wrestler , son of Humberto Garza . His own son , known as El Sultán , also became a professional wrestler after Garza 's death . The extended Garza family includes Garza Jr. and Humberto Carrillo ( formerly known as Último Ninja ) . In 2017 Garza Jr. adopted a ring persona similar to that of Solano , paying homage to his uncle 's rudo ( bad guy ) persona and wrestling style . At the time of his death , Garza was in the middle of his second reign with the Mexican National Heavyweight Championship . He had also won the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship , the CMLL World Tag Team Championship three times , the CMLL World Trios Championship five times in CMLL and the IWC World Heavyweight Championship , the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship and the Mexican National Tag Team Championship . He was posthumously inducted in the AAA Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ponta_Pelada_Airport", "text": "Ponta Pelada Airport ( IATA : PLL , ICAO : SBMN ) was the main airport of Manaus , Brazil until 1976 . Between 1970 and 1976 , the facilities were shared with Manaus Air Force Base of the Brazilian Air Force . On March 31 , 1976 , all civilian operations were transferred to the newer Eduardo Gomes International Airport . During this transition , Ponta Pelada Airport was renamed Manaus Air Force Base handling military operations exclusively under the control of the Brazilian Air Force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marvin_Benard", "text": "Marvin Larry Benard ( born January 20 , 1970 ) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who batted and threw left-handed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_County_Captains", "text": "The Lake County Captains are a minor league baseball team in Eastlake , Ohio , a suburb of Cleveland . The team , a Class A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians , plays in the Midwest League . The Captains joined the Midwest League following the 2009 season in a shuffle caused by the Columbus Catfish 's move to Bowling Green , Kentucky for the 2009 season . The move alleviated travel costs and time , as it was the South Atlantic League 's northernmost team . The nearest team ( the West Virginia Power in Charleston ) is a 256-mile ( 412 km ) drive from Eastlake . Prior to the 2003 season , the club was based in Columbus , Georgia and known as the Columbus RedStixx . The Captains play their home games in Classic Park , which has a capacity of 6,157 and opened in 2003 as Eastlake Stadium . The current stadium name is the result of a naming rights arrangement ; the sponsor is Classic Automotive Group , a major area chain of auto dealerships . Classic Park hosted the South Atlantic League All-Star Game on June 20 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carl_Braun_(basketball)", "text": "Carl August Braun Jr. ( September 25 , 1927 - February 10 , 2010 ) was an American professional basketball and baseball player and professional basketball coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malaysia", "text": "Malaysia ( /məˈleɪziə , -ʒə/ ( listen ) mə-LAY-zee-ə , -⁠zhə ; Malay : [ məlejsiə ] ) is a country in Southeast Asia . The federal constitutional monarchy consists of 13 states and three federal territories , separated by the South China Sea into two similarly sized regions , Peninsular Malaysia and East Malaysia ( Malaysian Borneo ) . Peninsular Malaysia shares a land and maritime border with Thailand and maritime borders with Singapore , Vietnam , and Indonesia . East Malaysia shares land and maritime borders with Brunei and Indonesia and a maritime border with the Philippines and Vietnam . Kuala Lumpur is the national capital and largest city while Putrajaya is the seat of the federal government . With a population of over 30 million , Malaysia is the world 's 44th most populous country . The southernmost point of continental Eurasia , Tanjung Piai , is in Malaysia . In the tropics , Malaysia is one of 17 megadiverse countries , home to large numbers of endemic species . Malaysia has its origins in the Malay kingdoms which , from the 18th century , became subject to the British Empire , along with the British Straits Settlements protectorate . Peninsular Malaysia was unified as the Malayan Union in 1946 . Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948 and achieved independence on 31 August 1957 . Malaya united with North Borneo , Sarawak , and Singapore on 16 September 1963 to become Malaysia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Thomas_Clark", "text": "William Thomas Clark ( June 29 , 1831 - October 12 , 1905 ) was an American soldier and politician , serving as a general in the Union army during the American Civil War and as a postbellum U.S . Congressman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Namco_Bandai_Games", "text": "Bandai Namco Entertainment , Inc. [ a ] is a Japanese multinational video game developer and publisher , headquartered in Minato-ku , Tokyo . Its international branches , Bandai Namco Entertainment America and Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe , are respectively headquartered in Santa Clara , California and Lyon , France . It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bandai Namco Holdings . Bandai Namco Entertainment was formed on March 31 , 2006 , following a corporate merge between Namco and Bandai on September 29 of the previous year . Originally known as Namco Bandai Games , they merged both Bandai Games and Namco Networks in January to create a North America division , Namco Bandai Games America . Namco Bandai Games absorbed Banpresto 's video game division in 2008 , and dissolving Bandai Networks in 2009 . Development operations were spun-off into a new company in 2012 , Namco Bandai Studios , to help create faster development time and tighter cohesion between development teams . The company was renamed to Bandai Namco Games in 2014 and Bandai Namco Entertainment , their current name , in 2015 . Bandai Namco Entertainment produces several multi-million-selling video game franchises , including Pac-Man , Galaxian , Gundam , Tales , Tekken , Soulcalibur , Ace Combat and Taiko no Tatsujin , and is the third largest video game publisher in Japan by revenue and the seventh in the world . The company also owns the licenses to several Japanese media franchises such as Dragon Ball , One Piece and Naruto . It is the core development area of the Bandai Namco Group 's Content Strategic Business Unit ( Content SBU ) , and the main video game branch of Bandai Namco Holdings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olivera_Jevtić", "text": "Olivera Jevtić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Оливера Јевтић , born 24 July 1977 ) is a Serbian long-distance runner . She has represented her country five times at the Olympics in 2000 , 2004 , 2008 , 2012 and 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Mario_Bros.", "text": "Super Mario Bros. [ b ] is a platform game developed and published by Nintendo . The successor to the 1983 arcade game , Mario Bros. , it was released in Japan in 1985 for the Famicom , and in North America and Europe for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) in 1985 and 1987 respectively . Players control Mario , or his brother Luigi in the multiplayer mode , as they travel the Mushroom Kingdom to rescue Princess Toadstool from Bowser . They must traverse side-scrolling stages while avoiding hazards such as enemies and pits with the aid of power-ups such as the Super Mushroom , Fire Flower , and Starman . The game was designed by Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka as a grand culmination of the Famicom team 's three years of game mechanics and programming . The design of the first level , World 1-1 , serves as a tutorial for first-time video gamers on the basic mechanics of platform gameplay . The aggressively size-optimized profile was intended as a farewell to the Famicom 's cartridge medium in favor of the forthcoming Famicom Disk System , whose floppy disks temporarily became the dominant distribution medium for a few years . Super Mario Bros. is frequently cited as one of the greatest video games of all time , with praise on its precise controls . It is one of the bestselling games of all time , with more than 40 million physical copies . It is credited alongside the NES as one of the key factors in reviving the video game industry after the 1983 crash , and helped popularize the side-scrolling platform game genre . Koji Kondo 's soundtrack is one of the earliest and most popular in video games , making music into a centerpiece of game design . The game inspired an expansive franchise including a long-running game series , an animated television series , and a feature film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solar_sail", "text": "Solar sails ( also called light sails or photon sails ) are a method of spacecraft propulsion using radiation pressure exerted by sunlight on large mirrors . Based on the physics , a number of spaceflight missions to test solar propulsion and navigation have been proposed since the 1980s . A useful analogy to solar sailing may be a sailing boat ; the light exerting a force on the mirrors is akin to a sail being blown by the wind . High-energy laser beams could be used as an alternative light source to exert much greater force than would be possible using sunlight , a concept known as beam sailing . Solar sail craft offer the possibility of low-cost operations combined with long operating lifetimes . Since they have few moving parts and use no propellant , they can potentially be used numerous times for delivery of payloads . Solar sails use a phenomenon that has a proven , measured effect on aerodynamics . Solar pressure affects all spacecraft , whether in interplanetary space or in orbit around a planet or small body . A typical spacecraft going to Mars , for example , will be displaced thousands of kilometers by solar pressure , so the effects must be accounted for in trajectory planning , which has been done since the time of the earliest interplanetary spacecraft of the 1960s . Solar pressure also affects the orientation of a spacecraft , a factor that must be included in spacecraft design . The total force exerted on an 800 by 800 meter solar sail , for example , is about 5 newtons ( 1.1 lbf ) at Earth 's distance from the Sun , making it a low-thrust propulsion system , similar to spacecraft propelled by electric engines , but as it uses no propellant , that force is exerted almost constantly and the collective effect over time is great enough to be considered a potential manner of propelling spacecraft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Bell_Temple", "text": "The Big Bell Temple , or Da Zhong Temple ( simplified Chinese : 大钟寺 ; traditional Chinese : 大鐘寺 ; pinyin : Dàzhōng Sì ) , originally known as Jue Sheng Temple ( simplified Chinese : 觉生寺 ; traditional Chinese : 覺生寺 ; pinyin : Juéshēng Sì ) , is a Buddhist temple located on North 3rd Road in Beijing , China . The Big Bell Temple was built in 1733 during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor of the Qing dynasty ( 1644-1911 ) . The temple 's name came after the famous Yongle Big Bell that is housed inside the temple , which was cast during the reign of the Yongle Emperor ( 1403-1424 ) of the Ming dynasty"}
{"title": "/wiki/Werner_Lueg", "text": "Werner Lueg ( 16 September 1931 - 13 July 2014 ) was a West German middle distance runner who equalised Lennart Strand 's and Gunder Hägg 's 1500 m world record in 3:43.0 min in Berlin in 1952 . Along with Otto Peltzer he is the only German to have held the 1500 m world record . He also won a bronze medal over 1500 m at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki . The Olympic final was won by Josy Barthel . Lueg was born in Brackwede , near Bielefeld ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zhu_Jianhua", "text": "Zhu Jianhua ( simplified Chinese : 朱建华 ; traditional Chinese : 朱建華 ; pinyin : Zhū Jiànhuá ; born 29 May 1963 ) is a retired Chinese high jumper . His personal best of 2.39 metres is a former world record for the event . In Helsinki 1983 , Zhu became China 's first man to win a medal in the IAAF World Championships . In the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , he became the first male from the People 's Republic of China to win an athletics medal in the history of the Olympic Games ( Yang Chuan-kwang won a silver medal representing the Republic of China in the 1960 Rome Olympics ) . He is a two-time gold medallist at both the Asian Games and the Asian Athletics Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shri_420", "text": "Shree 420 ( Hindi : श्री ४२० ; translation : Sri 420 , also transliterated as Shri 420 ) is a 1955 Hindi film , directed and produced by Raj Kapoor , written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas , and starring Raj Kapoor and Nargis . The number 420 refers to Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code , which prescribes the punishment for the offence of cheating ; hence , Mr. 420 is a derogatory term for a cheat . The film centers on Raj , a poor but educated orphan who comes to Bombay with dreams of success . Kapoor 's character is influenced by Charlie Chaplin 's little tramp , much like Kapoor 's character in his 1951 Awaara . The music was composed by the team of Shankar Jaikishan , and the lyrics were penned by Shailendra and Hasrat Jaipuri . Shree 420 was the highest-grossing Indian film of 1955 , the highest grossing Indian film of all time at the time of its release and the song Mera Joota Hai Japani ( My Shoes are Japanese ) , sung by Mukesh , became popular and a patriotic symbol of the newly independent India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds", "text": "The Cincinnati Reds are an American professional baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . They were a charter member of the American Association in 1882 and joined the NL in 1890 . The Reds played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993 , before joining the Central division in 1994 . They have won five World Series championships , nine NL pennants , one AA pennant , and 10 division titles . The team plays its home games at Great American Ball Park , which opened in 2003 replacing Riverfront Stadium . Bob Castellini has been chief executive officer since 2006 . From 1882 to 2019 , the Reds ' overall win-loss record is 10,599-10,393 ( a 0.505 winning percentage ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Falkland_Islands_pound", "text": "The Pound is the currency of the Falkland Islands , a British Overseas Territory in the South Atlantic Ocean . The symbol is the pound sign , £ , or alternatively FK£ , to distinguish it from other pound-denominated currencies . The ISO 4217 currency code is FKP . The Falkland Islands pound has always been pegged to the pound sterling at par and banknotes of both currencies are used interchangeably on the islands ( although only notes issued by banks in the United Kingdom are generally accepted in Britain itself ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parademons", "text": "Parademons are a fictional group of extraterrestrials appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . They are monstrous shock troops of Apokolips used by Darkseid to maintain order on the planet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KHQ-TV", "text": "KHQ-TV , virtual channel 6 ( UHF digital channel 15 ) , is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Spokane , Washington , United States and also serving Coeur d'Alene , Idaho . The station is the flagship and namesake of the KHQ Television Group , a subsidiary of the locally based Cowles Company , which also owns The Spokesman-Review newspaper . KHQ-TV 's studios are located on West Sprague Avenue in downtown Spokane , and its transmitter is located on Krell Hill southeast of the city . The station also operates a 24-hour sports and weather channel called SWX Right Now on digital subchannel 6.2 . On cable and satellite , KHQ-TV is available in high definition on Comcast Xfinity channel 106 in the Spokane area , Charter Spectrum channel 1203 in the Coeur d'Alene area and the Palouse , and channel 6 ( in both standard and high definition ) on Dish Network and DirecTV . The station is also carried on cable systems in Calgary and Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , both of which are double the size of KHQ 's American coverage area . One result of this is that stations in Calgary and Edmonton air American shows on Pacific Time , even though Calgary and Edmonton are both on Mountain Time . It is one of five local Spokane area television stations seen in Canada on the Shaw Direct satellite service . It can also been seen on local cable systems in eastern British Columbia . KHQ-TV also handles master control and some internal operations for sister stations and fellow NBC affiliates KNDO and KNDU in the Yakima-Tri-Cities market ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coleridge_(New_Zealand_electorate)", "text": "Coleridge is a former parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand . The electorate existed from the 1866 election to 1887 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1998_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 1998 Winter Olympics , officially the XVIII Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XVIIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) ( Japanese : 第十八回オリンピック冬季競技大会 , Dai Jūhachi-kai Orinpikku Tōkikyōgi Taikai ) , and commonly known as Nagano 1998 , was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7 to 22 February 1998 that were centered in Nagano , Japan . The Games also took place in the nearby mountain communities of Hakuba , Karuizawa , Nozawa Onsen , and Yamanouuchi . The city of Nagano had previously been a candidate to host the 1940 Winter Olympics ( which were later cancelled ) , as well as the 1972 Winter Olympics , but each time Nagano was eliminated at the national level by Sapporo . The games hosted 2,176 athletes from 72 nations competing in 7 sports and 68 events . The number of athletes and participating nations were a record at the time . The Games saw the introduction of women 's ice hockey , curling and snowboarding . National Hockey League players were allowed to participate in the men 's ice hockey for the first time . Five countries , Azerbaijan , Kenya , Macedonia , Uruguay , and Venezuela made their debut at the Winter Olympics . The athlete who won the most medals at these games was the Russian cross-country skier Larisa Lazutina who won five medals , including three gold . The Norwegian cross-country skier Bjørn Dæhlie won four medals , including three gold , which took his total Olympic medal total to 12 , including eight gold , which is a record for Winter Olympics . In ice hockey , professionals from the North American National Hockey League participated for the first time . Despite their participation , the Czech men 's ice hockey team won the gold medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston", "text": "Boston ( UK : /ˈbɒstən/ , US : /ˈbɔːstən/ ) is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States , and the 21st most populous city in the United States . The city proper covers 49 square miles ( 127 km2 ) with an estimated population of 694,583 in 2018 , also making it the most populous city in New England . Boston is the seat of Suffolk County as well , although the county government was disbanded on July 1 , 1999 . The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston , a metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) home to a census-estimated 4.8 million people in 2016 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country . As a combined statistical area ( CSA ) , this wider commuting region is home to some 8.2 million people , making it the sixth most populous in the United States . Boston is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States , founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from the English town of the same name . It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution , such as the Boston Massacre , the Boston Tea Party , the Battle of Bunker Hill , and the Siege of Boston . Upon gaining U.S. independence from Great Britain , it continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture . The city has expanded beyond the original peninsula through land reclamation and municipal annexation . Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing more than 20 million visitors per year . Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public park ( Boston Common , 1634 ) , first public or state school ( Boston Latin School , 1635 ) and first subway system ( Tremont Street Subway , 1897 ) . Today , Boston is a thriving center of scientific research as well as port of entry for commerce and international immigration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Veterans_Affairs", "text": "The United States Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) is a federal Cabinet-level agency that provides near-comprehensive healthcare services to eligible military veterans at VA medical centers and outpatient clinics located throughout the country ; several non-healthcare benefits including disability compensation , vocational rehabilitation , education assistance , home loans , and life insurance ; and provides burial and memorial benefits to eligible veterans and family members at 135 national cemeteries . While veterans benefits have been provided since the American Revolutionary War , an exclusively veteran-focused federal agency , the Veterans Administration , was not established until 1930 , and became the cabinet-level Department of Veterans Affairs in 1989 . The VA employs 377,805 people at hundreds of Veterans Affairs medical facilities , clinics , benefits offices , and cemeteries . In Fiscal Year 2016 ( 1 Oct 2015 - 30 September 2016 ) , net program costs for the department were $ 273 billion , which includes VBA Actuarial Cost of $ 106.5 billion for compensation benefits . The long-term actuarial accrued liability ( total estimated future payments for veterans and their family members ) is $ 2.491 trillion for compensation benefits ; $ 59.6 billion for education benefits ; and $ 4.6 billion for burial benefits . The agency is led by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs , who - being a cabinet member - is appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate . In May 2014 , it was revealed that veterans experienced extended delays in getting care at the Veterans Health Administration , and an investigation found that VA personnel falsified scheduling data to make it seem as if they had met scheduling targets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felipe_Massa", "text": "Felipe Massa ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ fiˈlipi ˈmasɐ ] , born 25 April 1981 ) is a Brazilian Formula E and former Formula One racing driver . He competed in 15 seasons of Formula One between 2002 and 2017 , where he scored 11 Grand Prix victories , 41 podiums and finished as championship runner-up in 2008 . Massa started his career in go-karting from the age of eight continuing in national and regional championships for seven years . He moved into Formula Chevrolet and claimed the championship . He moved in Italian Formula Renault in 2000 and won the title along with the European championship . Massa went into Euro Formula 3000 taking the championship in 2001 . Massa started his Formula One career with Sauber before joining Scuderia Ferrari as a test driver for 2003 . He returned to Sauber for 2004 and 2005 before rejoining Ferrari where he won two races in 2006 including his home Grand Prix becoming the first Brazilian since Ayrton Senna to win the Brazilian Grand Prix . Massa won three races in 2007 , finishing 4th in the Drivers ' Championship . He finished second in the 2008 Drivers ' World Championship after a long title battle with Lewis Hamilton , winning six races to Hamilton 's five . At the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix , Massa was injured by a suspension spring off the Brawn GP car of Rubens Barrichello . Massa was forced to miss the rest of the season but returned in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whittlesey", "text": "Whittlesey is an English town 6 miles ( 10 km ) east of Peterborough in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire . Its population of 16,058 at the 2011 Census includes the neighbouring villages of Coates , Eastrea , Pondersbridge and Turves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portugal", "text": "Portugal ( Portuguese : [ puɾtuˈɣal ] ) , officially the Portuguese Republic ( Portuguese : República Portuguesa [ ʁɛˈpuβlikɐ puɾtuˈɣezɐ ] ) , [ note 5 ] is a country located mostly on the Iberian Peninsula , in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost sovereign state of mainland Europe , being bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain . Its territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments . Portugal is the oldest nation state on the Iberian Peninsula and one of the oldest in Europe and the world , its territory having been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The pre-Celtic people , Iberians , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigoths and Suebi Germanic peoples . After the Muslim conquests of the Iberian Peninsula , most of the territory was part of Al-Andalus until their expulsion . Portugal as a country was established during the early Christian Reconquista . Founded in 868 , the County of Portugal gained prominence after the Battle of São Mamede in 1128 . The Kingdom of Portugal was later proclaimed following the Battle of Ourique in 1139 , and independence from León was recognised by the Treaty of Zamora in 1143 . On 12 December 2017 , the Portuguese Navy commemorated the 700th anniversary of its official creation by King Denis of Portugal . Tracing its origins back to the 12th century , it is the oldest continuously serving navy in the world . In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_European_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The 1994 Humo European Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 11 and 17 December 1994 at the Schijnpoort Arena in Antwerp , Belgium . Defending champion Stephen Hendry won the tournament , defeating John Parrott 9-7 in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2010", "text": "The 2010 Pro Tour season was the fifteenth season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . It began on 13 February 2010 with Grand Prix Oakland , and ended on 12 December 2010 with the conclusion of the 2010 World Championship in Chiba , Japan . The season consisted of eighteen Grand Prixs , and four Pro Tours , located in San Diego , San Juan , Amsterdam , and Chiba . Gabriel Nassif , Brian Kibler , and Bram Snepvangers were inducted into the Hall of Fame at the World Championship in Chiba . Although the season formally ended with the conclusion of the World Championship , the final title of season was not awarded until three months later . Guillaume Matignon and Brad Nelson tied for Player of the Year . The title was decided by a single match between the two at the 2011 Pro Tour in Paris , which Nelson won by four games to two ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_H._Hackley_House", "text": "The Charles H. Hackley House is a house located at 484 West Webster Avenue in Muskegon , Michigan , USA . It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 , and is now part of the Hackley and Hume Historic Sites , and is open to the public ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Heidsieck_(Champagne)", "text": "Charles Heidsieck was born in 1822 into an eminent Reims family whose wine-making traditions date back to Florens-Louis Heidsieck ( see Heidsieck & Co ) . In 1851 , at age 29 , he founded a wine house ( Maison ) bearing his own name . He began to sell his champagne abroad , starting in Belgium and in England , and in 1852 he travelled to the United States , becoming the first merchant to market his own champagne there . He was a larger than life dandy and became something of a social sensation , one New York newspaper describing him as Champagne Charlie . He visited on three further occasions until the American Civil War disrupted trade . He returned to New York in an unsuccessful effort to recover debts owed by his agents and on visiting the south he became trapped by the conflict . In July 1862 , Charles Heidsieck was arrested as a spy while travelling to New Orleans trying to flee back to France . He was sent to the infamous Fort Jackson in Louisiana . After many pleas , and the intercession of President Lincoln himself , Charles was released in November 1862 , but he returned to France sick and bankrupt . His business was subsequently saved because a debt was repaid in deeds to land in Coronado where , shortly afterwards , there was a silver boom which turned the obscure village of Denver into valuable estate . Charles Heidsieck focused on selecting , blending and ageing wines to produce higher quality champagnes , buying grapes from individual growers . In 1867 he purchased several old chalk quarries , called crayères which dated from the Gallo-Roman era , in order to create optimal conditions for wine maturation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midfielder_(association_football)", "text": "A midfielder is an association football position . Midfielders are generally positioned on the field between their team 's defenders and forwards . Some midfielders play a disciplined defensive role , breaking up attacks , and are otherwise known as defensive midfielders . Others blur the boundaries , being more mobile and efficient in passing : they are commonly referred to as deep-lying midfielders , play-makers , box-to-box , or holding midfielders . The number of midfielders on a team and their assigned roles depends on the team 's formation ; the collective group of these players on the field is sometimes referred to as the midfield . Most managers assign at least one midfielder to disrupt the opposing team 's attacks , while others may be tasked with creating goals , or have equal responsibilities between attack and defence . Midfielders are the players who typically travel the greatest distance during a match . Because midfielders arguably have the most possession during a game they are among the fittest players on the pitch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Hur_(miniseries)", "text": "Ben Hur is a TV miniseries that first aired in 2010 . Based on Lew Wallace 's 1880 novel , Ben-Hur : A Tale of the Christ , the series was produced by Alchemy Television Group in association with Drimtim Entertainment and Muse Entertainment in Montreal . It aired on Canada 's CBC network on April 4 , 2010 , and aired later in 2010 on ABC in the United States . Ben-Hur was directed by Steve Shill , and stars Kristin Kreuk , Ray Winstone , Art Malik , Hugh Bonneville and Joseph Morgan as Judah Ben-Hur . The film was written by Alan Sharp ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dubrovnik", "text": "Dubrovnik ( Croatian : [ dǔbroːʋniːk ] ( listen ) ; historically Latin : Ragusa ) is a city on the Adriatic Sea in southern Croatia . It is one of the most prominent tourist destinations in the Mediterranean Sea , a seaport and the centre of Dubrovnik-Neretva County . Its total population is 42,615 ( census 2011 ) . In 1979 , the city of Dubrovnik joined the UNESCO list of World Heritage sites . The prosperity of the city was historically based on maritime trade ; as the capital of the maritime Republic of Ragusa , it achieved a high level of development , particularly during the 15th and 16th centuries , as it became notable for its wealth and skilled diplomacy . In 1991 , after the break-up of Yugoslavia , Dubrovnik was besieged by Serbian and Montenegrin soldiers of the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) for seven months and suffered significant damage from shelling . After repair and restoration works in the 1990s and early 2000s , Dubrovnik re-emerged as one of the top tourist destinations in the Mediterranean ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017–18_Iranian_Futsal_Super_League", "text": "The 2017-18 Iranian Futsal Super League are the 19th season of the Iran Pro League and the 14th under the name Futsal Super League . Giti Pasand Isfahan are the defending champions . The season will feature 12 teams from the 2016-17 Super League and two new teams promoted from the 2016-17 1st Division : Atoliyeh Tehran Qom and Moghavemat Qarchak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Córdoba_Airport", "text": "Córdoba Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Córdoba ) ( IATA : ODB , ICAO : LEBA ) is an airport located 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from the central business district of the city of Córdoba , Spain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Devin_Brown", "text": "Devin LaVell Brown ( born December 30 , 1978 ) is an American former professional basketball shooting guard who last played for the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dino_Rađa", "text": "Dino Rađa ( Anglicized : Dino Radja , Croatian pronunciation : [ ˌdǐːno ˈrâd͜ʑa ] ) ( born 24 April 1967 ) , is a Croatian former professional basketball player . He was a member of the Jugoplastika team of the late 1980s and early 1990s , which he helped to win two FIBA European Champions Cup championships ( 1989 and 1990 ) . He spent three and a half seasons with the Boston Celtics , being one of the European pioneers in the NBA . Rađa was named one of FIBA 's 50 Greatest Players in 1991 , and one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors in 2008 . He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame , as a member of the 2018 class ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Independent_States", "text": "The Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) ( Russian : Содружество Независимых Государств , Sodružestvo Nezavisimykh Gosudarstv , initialism : СНГ , SNG ) is a regional intergovernmental organization of nine ( originally ten ) member , plus two founding non-member , post-Soviet republics in Eurasia . It was formed following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 . It covers an area of 20,368,759 km² ( 8,097,484 sq mi ) and has an estimated population of 239,796,010 . The CIS encourages cooperation in economic , political and military affairs and has certain powers relating to the coordination of trade , finance , lawmaking , and security . It has also promoted cooperation on cross-border crime prevention . The CIS has its origins in the Russian Empire when it was proclaimed in 1721 . After the October Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic became the leading republic in the Soviet Union ( USSR ) upon its creation with the 1922 Treaty and Declaration of the Creation of the USSR along with Byelorussian SSR and Ukrainian SSR . When the USSR began to fall in 1991 , the founding republics signed the Belavezha Accords on 8 December 1991 , declaring that the Soviet Union would cease to exist and proclaimed the CIS in its place . A few days later the Alma-Ata Protocol was signed , which declared that the Soviet Union was dissolved and that the Russian Federation was to be its successor state . The Baltic states ( Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania ) , which regard their membership in the Soviet Union as an illegal occupation , chose not to participate . Georgia withdrew its membership in 2008 . Ukraine ended its participation in CIS statutory bodies on 19 May 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Johnny_Bravo_episodes", "text": "Johnny Bravo is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for the Cartoon Network . The series initially began as a trio of shorts that aired as part of World Premiere Toons ( later renamed What a Cartoon ! ) from 1995 to 1997 . The shorts were later incorporated into the series ' first season as the show 's first episode , which premiered on July 7 , 1997 . The series officially premiered on July 14 , 1997 , and ended on August 27 , 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mid-Eastern_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference ( MEAC ) is a collegiate athletic conference whose full members are historically black colleges and universities ( HBCUs ) in the Southeastern and the Mid-Atlantic United States . It participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I , and in football , in the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . Currently , the MEAC has automatic qualifying bids for NCAA postseason play in baseball ( since 1994 ) , men 's basketball ( since 1981 ) , women 's basketball ( since 1982 ) , football ( 1996-2015 ) , softball ( since 1995 ) , men and women 's tennis ( since 1998 ) , and volleyball ( since 1994 ) . Bowling was officially sanctioned as a MEAC governed sport in 1999 . Before that season , the MEAC was the first conference to secure NCAA sanctioning for women 's bowling by adopting the club sport prior to the 1996-97 school year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isolde_Kostner", "text": "Isolde Kostner ( born 20 March 1975 ) is an Italian former Alpine skier who won two bronze medals at the 1994 Winter Olympics and a silver medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics . She was the Italian flag bearer at the opening ceremony of the 2002 Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petr_Schastlivy", "text": "Pyotr Petr Vasilievich Schastlivy ( born April 18 , 1979 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player , who is currently a free agent having last played for HSC Csíkszereda . He played a total of 129 games in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Ottawa Senators and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , as well as several minor league professional teams . He is married to the Latvian long jumper Ineta Radēviča ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampa-St._Petersburg-Clearwater,_FL_MSA", "text": "The Tampa Bay area is a major populated area surrounding Tampa Bay on the west coast of Florida in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1982–83_NHL_season", "text": "The 1982-83 NHL season was the 66th season of the National Hockey League . The New York Islanders won their fourth Stanley Cup in a row with their second consecutive finals sweep by beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to none . No team in any major professional North American sport has won four consecutive playoff championships since ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kagawa_Prefecture", "text": "Kagawa Prefecture ( 香川県 , Kagawa-ken ) is the smallest prefecture of Japan ( by area ) . It is located on Shikoku island and the capital is Takamatsu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Paulo_(state)", "text": "São Paulo ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w̃ ˈpawlu ] ( listen ) ) is one of the 26 states of the Federative Republic of Brazil and is named after Saint Paul of Tarsus . As the richest Brazilian state and a major industrial complex , often dubbed the locomotive of Brazil , the state is responsible for 33.9% of the Brazilian GDP . São Paulo also has the second highest Human Development Index ( HDI ) and GDP per capita , the fourth lowest infant mortality rate , the third highest life expectancy , and the third lowest rate of illiteracy among the federative units of Brazil , being by far , the safest state in the country . The homicide rate is 3.8 per 100 thousand as of 2018 , almost 1/4 of the Brazilian rate . São Paulo alone is richer than Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay and Bolivia combined . The economy of São Paulo State is the most developed in Brazil . With more than 46 million inhabitants in 2019 , São Paulo is the most populous Brazilian state , the most populous national subdivision in the Americas , and the third most populous political unit of South America , surpassed only by the rest of the Brazilian Federation and Colombia . The local population is one of the most diverse in the country and descended mostly from Italians , who began immigrating to the country in the late 19th century ; of the Portuguese , who colonized Brazil and installed the first European settlements in the region ; indigenous peoples , many distinct ethnic groups ; Africans , who were brought from Africa as slaves in the colonial era and migrants from other regions of the country . In addition , Arabs , Germans , Spanish , Japanese , Chinese , and Greeks also are present in the ethnic composition of the local population . The area that today corresponds to the state territory was already inhabited by indigenous peoples from approximately 12,000 BC . In the early 16th century , the coast of the region was visited by Portuguese and Spanish explorers and navigators . In 1532 Martim Afonso de Sousa would establish the first Portuguese permanent settlement in the Americas - the village of São Vicente , in the Baixada Santista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rathkenny_GAA", "text": "Rathkenny GFC is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the small village of Rathkenny , in County Meath , Ireland . The club takes part in Meath GAA competitions . The club have won 5 Meath Senior Football Championship titles . Rathkenny are currently competing at senior level , and have been since 2007 . The club was founded in 1886 , making it one of the oldest clubs in Meath ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_One_(Indian_TV_channel)", "text": "Star One was an Indian pay television network based in Mumbai . It was launched on 1 November 2004 and it was owned by Star TV and distributed worldwide by Fox International Channels . In November 2006 , Star One was launched in the UK on Sky . Star One was rebranded as Life OK on 18 December 2011 . Its British feed continued broadcasting in the UK and Ireland until 28 May 2012 , when it was also rebranded as Star Life OK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baweja_Movies", "text": "Baweja Movies Pvt Ltd , is a company which was formed by Director Harry Baweja along with his wife producer Pammi Baweja ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Irina_Lobacheva", "text": "Irina Viktorovna Lobacheva ( Russian : Ирина Викторовна Лобачёва ; born 18 February 1973 ) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer . With partner and former husband Ilia Averbukh , she is the 2002 Olympic silver medalist , the 2002 World champion and the 2003 European champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nassau,_Bahamas", "text": "Nassau ( /ˈnæsɔː/ ) is the capital and largest city of The Bahamas . With a population of 274,400 as of 2016 , or just over 70% of the entire population of the Bahamas ( ≈391,000 ) , Nassau is commonly defined as a primate city , dwarfing all other towns in the country . It is the centre of commerce , education , law , administration and media of the country . Lynden Pindling International Airport , the major airport for the Bahamas , is located about 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) west of Nassau city centre , and has daily flights to major cities in Canada , the Caribbean , the United Kingdom and the United States . The city is located on the island of New Providence , which functions much like a business district . Nassau is the site of the House of Assembly and various judicial departments and was considered historically to be a stronghold of pirates . The city was named in honour of William III of England , Prince of Orange-Nassau . Nassau 's modern growth began in the late eighteenth century , with the influx of thousands of Loyalists and their slaves to the Bahamas following the American War of Independence . Many of them settled in Nassau ( then and still the commerce capital of the Bahamas ) and eventually came to outnumber the original inhabitants . As the population of Nassau grew , so did its populated areas . Today the city dominates the entire island and its satellite , Paradise Island . However , until the post-Second World War era , the outer suburbs scarcely existed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Vitus_von_Quosdanovich", "text": "Peter Vitus Freiherr von Quosdanovich ( Croatian : Petar Vid Gvozdanović ; 12 June 1738 - 13 August 1802 ) was a Croatian nobleman and general of the Habsburg Monarchy . He achieved the rank of Feldmarschall-Lieutenant and was awarded the Commander 's Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa . He played a major role in several battles against the French Army of Italy led by Napoleon during the French Revolutionary Wars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elvis_Scoria", "text": "Elvis Scoria ( born 5 July 1971 ) is a Croatian former football player and manager . He is currently assistant coach to Dragan Talajić at Henan Jianye which plays in the Chinese Super League . Scoria played for HNK Rijeka , Dinamo Zagreb ( then called Croatia Zagreb ) , NK Istra , NK Zagreb and for Spanish club UE Lleida . As a player Scoria appeared in two Cup finals in 1994 with HNK Rijeka and in 1997 with NK Zagreb losing both the finals . Scoria has also appeared in three Cup finals as a manager in 2003 with NK Uljanik , 2005 with HNK Rijeka and in 2007 with NK Slaven Belupo . He also managed HNK Rijeka in the 2005 Croatian Super Cup where they lost 1:0 in extra time from a goal by Niko Kranjčar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Campeonísimo", "text": "Estadio Campeonísimo is a multi-use stadium in Piura , Peru . It is currently used by football team Atlético Torino . The stadium holds 8,000 people . The stadium also holds Copa Peru matches for some of the local teams in Talara . Coordinates : 4°34′40″S 81°15′58″W / 4.5777°S 81.2660°W / -4.5777 ; -81.2660"}
{"title": "/wiki/Compagnie_du_Ponant", "text": "Ponant ( officially , Compagnie du Ponant ( CDP ) ; Ponant Company ) is a French cruise ship operator . It was founded in April 1988 by Philippe Videau , Jean-Emmanuel Sauvé , and other officers of the French Merchant Navy and launched the first French cruise ship . The company operates five ships , all of which operate under the French flag ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ålesund", "text": "Ålesund ( Norwegian pronunciation : [ ˈôːləsʉn ] ( listen ) ) is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal County , Norway . It is part of the traditional district of Sunnmøre and the centre of the Ålesund Region . The town of Ålesund is the administrative centre of Ålesund Municipality , as well as the principle shipping town of the Sunnmøre district . The town is a sea port and is noted for its concentration of Art Nouveau architecture . Although sometimes internationally spelled by its older name Aalesund , this spelling is obsolete in Norwegian . However , the local football club Aalesunds FK still carries that spelling , having been founded before the official change . The 99-square-kilometre ( 38 sq mi ) municipality is the 382nd largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway . Ålesund is the 17th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 47,199 . The municipality 's population density is 506.6 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 1,312/sq mi ) and its population has increased by 14% over the last decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bangkok", "text": "Bangkok [ a ] is the capital and most populous city of Thailand . It is known in Thai as Krung Thep Maha Nakhon [ b ] or simply Krung Thep . [ c ] The city occupies 1,568.7 square kilometres ( 605.7 sq mi ) in the Chao Phraya River delta in central Thailand and has a population of over eight million , 12.6 percent of the country 's population . Over fourteen million people ( 22.2 percent ) lived within the surrounding Bangkok Metropolitan Region at the 2010 census , making Bangkok the nation 's primate city , dwarfing Thailand 's other urban centres in both size and importance to the national economy . Bangkok traces its roots to a small trading post during the Ayutthaya Kingdom in the 15th century , which eventually grew and became the site of two capital cities : Thonburi in 1768 and Rattanakosin in 1782 . Bangkok was at the heart of the modernization of Siam , later renamed Thailand , during the late-19th century , as the country faced pressures from the West . The city was at the centre of Thailand 's political struggles throughout the 20th century , as the country abolished absolute monarchy , adopted constitutional rule , and underwent numerous coups and several uprisings . The city grew rapidly during the 1960s through the 1980s and now exerts a significant impact on Thailand 's politics , economy , education , media and modern society . [ citation needed ] The Asian investment boom in the 1980s and 1990s led many multinational corporations to locate their regional headquarters in Bangkok . The city is now a regional force in finance and business . It is an international hub for transport and health care , and has emerged as a centre for the arts , fashion , and entertainment . The city is known for its street life and cultural landmarks , as well as its red-light districts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Côte_Saint-Luc", "text": "Côte-Saint-Luc ( French pronunciation : ​ [ kot sɛ̃ lyk ] ) , also spelled Côte Saint-Luc , is an on-island suburb of Montreal in Quebec , Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019-20_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The 2019-20 NFL playoffs , the playoff tournament for the 2019 season , began on January 4 , 2020 , and concluded with the Kansas City Chiefs becoming champions by defeating the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LIV on February 2 at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida . For the first time since 2010-11 , the New England Patriots did not appear in the AFC Championship Game , and for the first time since 2015-16 , they did not play in the Super Bowl , as they were eliminated in the Wild Card round by the Tennessee Titans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hector_Babenco", "text": "Héctor Eduardo Babenco ( February 7 , 1946 - July 13 , 2016 ) was an Argentine-Brazilian film director , screenwriter , producer and actor who worked in worked in several countries including Brazil , Argentina , and the United States . He was one of the first Brazilian filmmakers to gain international critical acclaim , through his films which often dealt with social outcasts on the fringes of society . His best-known works include Pixote ( 1980 ) , Kiss of the Spider Woman ( 1985 ) , Ironweed ( 1987 ) , At Play in the Fields of the Lord ( 1990 ) and Carandiru ( 2003 ) . Barbenco 's films brought him several accolades . He was nominated three times for the Palme d'Or of the Cannes Film Festival , and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for Kiss of the Spider Woman . He won the Grande Prêmio do Cinema Brasileiro twice , and the Prêmio ACIE de Cinema once ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qix", "text": "Qix ( クイックス , Kuikkusu ) ( pronounced kicks ) is an arcade game developed by Taito America Corporation and released in October 1981 . The objective of Qix is to fence off , or claim , a supermajority of the playfield . At the start of each level , the playing field is a large , empty rectangle , containing the Qix - a stick-like entity that performs graceful but unpredictable motions within the confines of the rectangle . Qix was ported to the contemporary Atari 5200 ( 1982 ) , Atari 8-bit family ( 1983 ) , and Commodore 64 ( 1983 ) , then was brought to a wide variety of systems in the late 1980s and early 1990s : MS-DOS ( 1989 ) , Amiga ( 1989 ) , another version for the C64 ( 1989 ) , Apple IIgs ( 1990 ) , Game Boy ( 1990 ) , Nintendo Entertainment System ( 1991 ) , and Atari Lynx ( 1991 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Dominion_Monarchs_and_Lady_Monarchs", "text": "The Old Dominion Monarchs and Lady Monarchs are composed of 19 teams representing Old Dominion University in intercollegiate athletics , including men 's and women 's basketball , golf , soccer , sailing , swimming & diving , and tennis . Men 's sports include baseball , football , and wrestling . Women 's sports include field hockey , lacrosse , rowing , and volleyball . The Monarchs compete in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) and are members of Conference USA ( C-USA ) as their primary conference affiliation . The football team played one season as an independent as part of the transition to FBS and began competing as a full football-playing member of C-USA in 2014 . Old Dominion 's field hockey team competes in the Big East Conference . The field hockey program had previously announced that it would join the original Big East for the 2013-14 school year . However , following the split of the original Big East , the two successor conferences , the new Big East and the American Athletic Conference , agreed that The American would not sponsor field hockey , and the new Big East would take in all of The American 's programs in those sports as associate members . The women 's lacrosse team spent the 2013-14 academic year as an independent before joining the Atlantic Sun Conference as an associate member effective July 1 , 2014 . In 2017 it was announced that Old Dominion Women 's Lacrosse would compete in the Big East Conference beginning in 2019 . In 2014 the women 's rowing team became an associate member of the Big 12 Conference , which effectively took over sponsorship of that sport from C-USA . Later , the University announced that the rowing team would change it 's conference affiliation and compete in the American Athletic Conference beginning in the 2018-19 school year Following the move to Conference USA , the men 's swimming and diving team competed for two years as an independent , as C-USA does not sponsor the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PDRM_FA", "text": "Royal Malaysia Police Football Association or simply known as Royal Police is an association football club associated with the entity of the Royal Malaysia Police , who play in the Malaysia Premier League , the second division of Malaysian football . The team is based in Kuala Lumpur . Domestically , Royal Police has won the Malaysia Premier League , the second tier of Malaysian football in 2006-07 and 2014 . They also won the People of Maldives Invitational Cup in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hawthorne_Race_Course", "text": "Hawthorne Race Course is a racetrack for horse racing in Stickney/Cicero , Illinois , near Chicago . The oldest continually run family-owned racetrack in North America , in 2009 the Horseplayers Association of North America introduced a rating system for 65 Thoroughbred racetracks in North America . Of the top ten , Hawthorne was ranked No . 8 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1979 Stanley Cup playoffs , the playoff tournament of the National Hockey League , ( NHL ) began on April 10 , after the conclusion of the 1978-79 NHL season . The playoffs concluded on May 21 , with the three-time defending champion Montreal Canadiens defeating the New York Rangers 4-1 to win the Final series four games to one for the Stanley Cup . Three Original Six teams made the semifinals , which would not happen again until the 2014 Conference Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerry_O'Brien_(athlete)", "text": "Kerry Dennis O'Brien ( born 17 April 1946 ) is a retired Australian runner . Competing in the steeplechase he won a silver medal at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games and finished fourth at the 1968 Summer Olympics . He held the world record in this event between 1970 and 1972 . At the 1970 Commonwealth Games , O'Brien fell at the penultimate water-jump , while leading , and failed to finish the race . He also fell during the 1972 Olympics . He retired in 1973 having won nine Australian titles in the steeplechase , 5000 m and cross-country running ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oldham,_South_Dakota", "text": "Oldham is a city in Kingsbury County , South Dakota , United States . The population was 133 at the 2010 census . Some say the city was named for Oldham Carrot , a local landowner , while others believe the name is a transfer from Oldham , England , the native home of a first settler ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1946–47_NHL_season", "text": "The 1946-47 NHL season was the 30th season of the National Hockey League . The Toronto Maple Leafs defeated the Montreal Canadiens in the 1947 Stanley Cup Final to win their sixth Stanley Cup championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defender_(Association_football)", "text": "In the sport of association football , a defender is an outfield player whose primary roles is to stop attacks during the game and prevent the opposing team from scoring goals . Centre backs are usually are in pairs , with 2 full-backs to their left and right , but can come in threes with no full backs There are four types of defenders : centre-back , sweeper , full-back , and wing-back . The centre-back and full-back positions are essential in most modern formations . The sweeper and wing-back roles are more specialized for certain formations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tadatoshi_Akiba", "text": "Tadatoshi Akiba ( 秋葉 忠利 , Akiba Tadatoshi , born November 3 , 1942 in Arakawa , Tokyo ) is a Japanese mathematician and politician and served as the mayor of the city of Hiroshima , Japan from 1999 to 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buyende_District", "text": "Buyende District is a district in Eastern Uganda . It is named after Buyende , the 'chief town ' in the district and the location of the district headquarters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Wilson_(Texas_politician)", "text": "Charles Nesbitt Wilson ( June 1 , 1933 - February 10 , 2010 ) was a United States naval officer and former 12-term Democratic United States Representative from Texas 's 2nd congressional district . Wilson is best known for leading Congress into supporting Operation Cyclone , the largest-ever Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) covert operation , which during the Carter and Reagan administration supplied military equipment to the Afghan Mujahideen during the Soviet-Afghan War . His behind-the-scenes campaign was the subject of the non-fiction book Charlie Wilson 's War : The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History by George Crile III and the subsequent film Charlie Wilson 's War , starring Tom Hanks as Wilson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2000–01_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2000-01 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 8 , 2000 , progressed through the regular season and conference tournaments , and concluded with the 2001 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament Championship Game on April 2 , 2001 at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis , Minnesota . The Duke Blue Devils won their third NCAA national championship with an 82-72 victory over the Arizona Wildcats ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monuments_of_Japan", "text": "Monuments ( 記念物 , kinenbutsu ) is a collective term used by the Japanese government 's Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties to denote Cultural Properties of Japan [ note 1 ] as historic locations such as shell mounds , ancient tombs , sites of palaces , sites of forts or castles , monumental dwelling houses and other sites of high historical or scientific value ; gardens , bridges , gorges , mountains , and other places of great scenic beauty ; and natural features such as animals , plants , and geological or mineral formations of high scientific value ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kyunki_Saas_Bhi_Kabhi_Bahu_Thi", "text": "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi ( English : Because a mother-in-law was once a daughter-in-law , too ) is an Indian soap opera that premiered on July 3 , 2000 on Star Plus . The entire series is available on Hotstar . The show was co-produced by Shobha Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor under their banner Balaji Telefilms . The show revolved around an ideal daughter-in-law Tulsi Virani , the daughter of a pandit married to the grandson of rich business tycoon Govardhan Virani . The role of the protagonist Tulsi Virani was played by Smriti Irani ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Red_Stars", "text": "The Chicago Red Stars is a women 's professional soccer club based in Chicago , Illinois , who compete in the National Women 's Soccer League and play their home games in SeatGeek Stadium . The team was a founding member of Women 's Professional Soccer , and played in the league in 2009 and 2010 . After leaving the WPS in December 2010 , due to financial issues , the team reorganized and joined the Women 's Premier Soccer League for the 2011 season . In 2012 , the team co-founded and competed in Women 's Premier Soccer League Elite , the single year this league existed . In the fall of 2012 the Red Stars with the Boston Breakers and US Soccer , attracted 6 other teams and founded the National Women 's Soccer League . Since 2013 the team has been competing in the National Women 's Soccer League . From 2015-2019 the Chicago Red Stars have made the playoffs of the NWSL and are the first and only team to do so for five consecutive years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bonnie_Tyler", "text": "Bonnie Tyler ( born Gaynor Hopkins ; 8 June 1951 ) is a Welsh singer , known for her distinctive husky voice . Tyler came to prominence with the release of her 1977 album The World Starts Tonight and its singles Lost in France and More Than a Lover . Her 1978 single It 's a Heartache reached number four on the UK Singles Chart , and number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 . In the 1980s , Tyler ventured into rock music with songwriter and producer Jim Steinman . He wrote Tyler 's biggest hit Total Eclipse of the Heart , the lead single from her 1983 UK chart topping album Faster Than the Speed of Night . Steinman also wrote Tyler 's other major 1980s hit Holding Out for a Hero . She had success in mainland Europe during the 1990s with Dieter Bohlen , who wrote and produced her hit Bitterblue . In 2003 , Tyler re-recorded Total Eclipse of the Heart with singer Kareen Antonn . Their bilingual duet topped the French charts . Rocks and Honey was released in 2013 and features the single Believe in Me which she performed representing the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö , Sweden . Her latest album Between the Earth and the Stars was released on 15 March 2019 . Both It 's a Heartache and Total Eclipse of the Heart are among the best-selling singles of all time , with sales in excess of six million each ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baldur's_Gate_II:_Shadows_of_Amn", "text": "Baldur 's Gate II : Shadows of Amn is a role-playing video game developed by BioWare and published by Interplay Entertainment . It is the sequel to Baldur 's Gate ( 1998 ) and was released for Microsoft Windows in September 2000 . Like Baldur 's Gate , the game takes place in the Forgotten Realms - a fantasy campaign setting - and is based on the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition rules . Powered by BioWare 's Infinity Engine , Baldur 's Gate II uses an isometric perspective and pausable real-time gameplay . The player controls a party of up to six characters , one of whom is the player-created protagonist , while the others are certain characters recruited from the game world . Set in the fictional Forgotten Realms , much of Baldur 's Gate II takes place in and around Athkatla , a city in the country of Amn . Opening shortly after the events of Baldur 's Gate , the game continues the story of the protagonist , Gorion 's Ward , whose unique heritage has now gained him or her the attention of Jon Irenicus , a powerful and sinister mage . The storyline revolves around the machinations of Irenicus and the player 's encounters with him . Development began in January 1999 . BioWare set out to improve upon the first Baldur 's Gate in every way possible . From a list of constructive criticism - compiled from the suggestions of fans , reviews , and internal suggestions - a list of features to be added to the game was distilled : some of these were 800 x 600 resolution , 3D support , and character kits . In Baldur 's Gate , the game 's engine and content were being developed at the same time ; whereas in Baldur 's Gate II , the engine was running from the start ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archer_(season_2)", "text": "The second season of the animated television series , Archer originally aired in the United States on the cable network FX . This season started on January 27 , 2011 , with Swiss Miss and ended with Double Trouble on April 21 , 2011 , with a total of thirteen episodes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lakeside_International_Raceway", "text": "Lakeside Park , formerly known as Lakeside International Raceway is a motor racing circuit located in Kurwongbah , Moreton Bay Region , Queensland , Australia . It is 30 km ( 18.6 mi ) north of Brisbane , and lies adjacent to Lake Kurwongbah . The circuit is known as the spiritual home of Queensland motorsport and was built by volunteers and borrowed machinery in the 1960s . The 2.41 km ( 1.50 mi ) circuit opened in 1961 and was closed in mid-2001 . The circuit reopened on 5 April 2008 , with a race meeting held the following day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_NFL_season", "text": "The 2017 NFL season was the 98th season in the history of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The season began on September 7 , 2017 , with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots 42-27 in the NFL Kickoff Game . The season concluded with Super Bowl LII , where the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Philadelphia Eagles faced the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion New England Patriots . The Philadelphia Eagles defeated the New England Patriots 41-33 to win their first Super Bowl title , and fourth NFL championship , in franchise history . For the second consecutive year , a team relocated to the Los Angeles metropolitan area , as the former San Diego Chargers announced their intent to do so in January 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clemson–Georgia_football_rivalry", "text": "The Clemson-Georgia football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Clemson Tigers and Georgia Bulldogs . It was for many years a spirited border rivalry between the two schools that are separated by a mere 70 miles . They met annually from 1897 to 1916 , and again from 1962 to 1987 ( aside from 1966 and 1972 ) . The majority of meetings in over the first half century took place in Athens and Augusta , Georgia until 1967 , not long after Clemson College expanded to University status , when the series shifted to become a more traditional , annual home-away series . Georgia leads the series 42-18-4 , with 42 games played in Georgia , and 22 games played in South Carolina . Since 1987 , the two schools have played intermittently ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jakarta", "text": "Jakarta ( /dʒəˈkɑːrtə/ ; Indonesian pronunciation : [ dʒaˈkarta ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Special Capital Region of Jakarta ( Indonesian : Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta ) , is the capital and largest city of Indonesia . Situated on the northwest coast of the world 's most populous island of Java , it is the centre of economy , culture and politics of Indonesia with a population of more than ten million as of 2014 [ update ] . Although Jakarta only covers 699.5 square kilometres ( 270.1 sq mi ) , the smallest among any Indonesian provinces , its metropolitan area covers 6,392 square kilometres ( 2,468 sq mi ) ; it is the world 's second most populous urban area after Tokyo , with a population of about 30 million as of 2010 [ update ] . Jakarta 's business opportunities , as well as its potential to offer a higher standard of living , have attracted migrants from across the Indonesian archipelago , making it a melting pot of numerous cultures . Jakarta is nicknamed the Big Durian , the thorny strongly-odored fruit native to the region , as the city is seen as the Indonesian equivalent of New York ( Big Apple ) . Established in the fourth century as Sunda Kelapa , the city became an important trading port for the Sunda Kingdom . It was the de facto capital of the Dutch East Indies when it was known as Batavia . Jakarta is officially a province with special capital region status , though it is commonly referred to as a city . Its provincial government consists of five administrative cities and one administrative regency . Jakarta is an alpha world city and is the seat of the ASEAN secretariat , making it an important city for international diplomacy . Financial institutions such as the Bank of Indonesia , Indonesia Stock Exchange , and corporate headquarters of numerous Indonesian companies and multinational corporations are located in the city . Jakarta has grown more rapidly than Kuala Lumpur , Bangkok and Beijing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kinder_Morgan", "text": "Kinder Morgan , Inc. is one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America . The company specializes in owning and controlling oil and gas pipelines and terminals . Kinder Morgan owns an interest in or operates approximately 85,000 miles ( 137 000 km ) of pipelines and 152 terminals . The company 's pipelines transports natural gas , refined petroleum products , crude oil , carbon dioxide and more . Kinder Morgan also stores or handles a variety of products and materials at their terminals such as gasoline , jet fuel , ethanol , coal , petroleum coke and steel . The company has approximately 72,000 miles ( 115 900 km ) of natural gas pipelines and moves about 38 percent of the natural gas consumed in the United States . Kinder Morgan is also the largest independent terminal operator and the largest independent transporter of petroleum products in North America . The company 's CO2 division provides carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) for enhanced oil recovery projects in North America . The company is headquartered in Houston , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perseman_Manokwari", "text": "Perseman Manokwari is an Indonesian football club based in Manokwari . They play in the Liga 3 . Their home stadium is Sanggeng Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Smiling_Buddha", "text": "Smiling Buddha [ a ] ( MEA designation : Pokhran-I ) was the assigned code name of India 's first successful nuclear bomb test on 18 May 1974 . The bomb was detonated on the army base Pokhran Test Range ( PTR ) , in Rajasthan , by the Indian Army under the supervision of several key Indian generals . Pokhran-I was also the first confirmed nuclear weapons test by a nation outside the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council . Officially , the Indian Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) characterised this test as a peaceful nuclear explosion . A series of nuclear tests was carried out in 1998 under the name Pokhran-II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint_Joseph's_College_of_Maine", "text": "Saint Joseph 's College of Maine is a private Catholic liberal arts college in Standish , Maine . It is the only Catholic college in Maine . Saint Joseph 's was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1912 as an institution for women . The college , run by a lay and religious Board of Trustees , was located on the convent grounds in nearby Portland until 1956 when it moved to its lakeside location in Standish . In 1970 , Saint Joseph 's became coeducational and six years later began a distance education program for working adults . Saint Joseph 's College Online offers its online programs to 2,400 students in 50 states and nine countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tanzania", "text": "Tanzania ( /ˌtænzəˈniːə/ , [ note 2 ] Swahili : [ tanzaˈni.a ] ) , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania ) , is a country in East Africa within the African Great Lakes region . It borders Uganda to the north ; Kenya to the northeast ; Comoro Islands and the Indian Ocean to the east ; Mozambique and Malawi to the south ; Zambia to the southwest ; and Rwanda , Burundi , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west . Mount Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , is in northeastern Tanzania . Many important hominid fossils have been found in Tanzania , such as 6-million-year-old Pliocene hominid fossils . The genus Australopithecus ranged all over Africa 4 to 2 million years ago ; and the oldest remains of the genus Homo are found near Lake Olduvai . Following the rise of Homo erectus 1.8 million years ago , humanity spread all over the Old World , and later in the New World and Australia under the species Homo sapiens . Homo sapiens also overtook Africa and absorbed the older archaic species and subspecies of humanity . One of the oldest known ethnic groups still existing , the Hadzabe , appears to have originated in Tanzania , and their oral history recalls ancestors who were tall and were the first to use fire , medicine , and lived in caves , much like Homo erectus or Homo heidelbergensis who lived in the same region before them . Later in the Stone and Bronze Age , prehistoric migrations into Tanzania included Southern Cushitic speakers who moved south from present-day Ethiopia ; Eastern Cushitic people who moved into Tanzania from north of Lake Turkana about 2,000 and 4,000 years ago ; and the Southern Nilotes , including the Datoog , who originated from the present-day South Sudan-Ethiopia border region between 2,900 and 2,400 years ago . : page 18 These movements took place at about the same time as the settlement of the Mashariki Bantu from West Africa in the Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika areas . They subsequently migrated across the rest of Tanzania between 2,300 and 1,700 years ago . German rule began in mainland Tanzania during the late 19th century when Germany formed German East Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_tackle", "text": "A defensive tackle ( DT ) is typically the largest and strongest of the defensive players in American football . The defensive tackle typically lines up opposite one of the offensive guards . Depending on a team 's individual defensive scheme , a defensive tackle may be called upon to fill several different roles . These roles may include merely holding the point of attack by refusing to be moved or penetrating a certain gap between offensive linemen to break up a play in the opponent 's backfield . If a defensive tackle reads a pass play , his primary responsibility is to pursue the quarterback , or simply knock the pass down at the line if it is within arm 's reach . Other responsibilities of the defensive tackle may be to pursue the screen pass or drop into coverage in a zone blitz scheme . In a traditional 4-3 defense , there is no nose tackle . Instead there is a left and right defensive tackle . Some teams , especially in the National Football League ( NFL ) , do have a nose tackle in this scheme , but most of them do not ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Herky_the_Hawk", "text": "Herky the Hawk is the athletics mascot of the University of Iowa Hawkeyes . Herky is a student dressed in black and gold , including wings made out of fabric , with a headpiece shaped like a hawk 's head . Herky was first drawn as a cartoon in 1948 , and was first portrayed at a football game in 1959 . Periodically , Herky 's wardrobe and overall design have been updated . There are currently two different styles of Herky costumes . The version used at football games and related events features Herky wearing a Hawkeye football helmet . The version used at basketball games and other events features Herky with different facial features and no helmet . Other important figures to the University of Iowa are the tiger hawk symbol , a logo designed during Hayden Fry 's tenure as coach of the Iowa football team , and the Golden Girl and Drum Major , which perform with the University of Iowa marching band and during football games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/One_Tower_(Moscow)", "text": "One Tower is a skyscraper under construction in Moscow , Russia . Its height upon completion in 2024 will be 405 meters with 101 floors . With this height it will be the tallest building in Moscow , second tallest building in Europe and Russia after Lakhta Center in Saint-Petersburg , Russia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1976_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine Skiing at the 1976 Winter Olympics consisted of six alpine skiing events . Similar to the 1964 games , the men 's downhill was held on Patscherkofel ( above Igls ) , the other five events at Axamer Lizum . The events began on 5 February and ended on 13 February 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Klostergårdens_IP", "text": "Klostergårdens IP is an association football stadium in Lund , Sweden and the home stadium of Lunds BK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illinois", "text": "Illinois ( /ˌɪləˈnɔɪ/ ( listen ) IL-ə-NOY ) is a state in the Midwestern and Great Lakes Regions of the United States . It has the fifth largest gross domestic product ( GDP ) , the sixth largest population , and the 25th largest land area of all U.S. states . Illinois has been noted as a microcosm of the entire United States . With Chicago in northeastern Illinois , small industrial cities and immense agricultural productivity in the north and center of the state , and natural resources such as coal , timber , and petroleum in the south , Illinois has a diverse economic base , and is a major transportation hub . Chicagoland , Chicago 's metropolitan area , encompasses over 65% of the state 's population . The Port of Chicago connects the state to international ports via two main routes : from the Great Lakes , via the Saint Lawrence Seaway , to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River , via the Illinois Waterway to the Illinois River . The Mississippi River , the Ohio River , and the Wabash River form parts of the boundaries of Illinois . For decades , Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world 's busiest airports . Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and , through the 1980s , in politics . The capital of Illinois is Springfield , which is located in the central part of the state . Although today Illinois 's largest population center is in its northeast , the state 's European population grew first in the west as the French settled lands near the Mississippi River , when the region was known as Illinois Country and was part of New France . Following the American Revolutionary War , American settlers began arriving from Kentucky in the 1780s via the Ohio River , and the population grew from south to north ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Twickenham", "text": "Twickenham is an affluent suburban town in south-west London , England . It lies on the River Thames and is 10 miles ( 16 km ) west-southwest of Charing Cross , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south-east of Hounslow , and 2.6 miles ( 4.2 km ) north-west of Kingston upon Thames . Historically part of Middlesex , it has formed part of the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames since 1965 . The population of the town , including its localities St Margarets and Whitton , was 62,148 as of 2011 . Twickenham has an extensive town centre and is famous for being the home of rugby union in England , with hundreds of thousands of spectators visiting Twickenham Stadium , the world 's largest rugby stadium , each year . The historic riverside area is famous for its network of 18th-century buildings and pleasure grounds , many of which survive intact . This area has three grand period mansions with public access : York House , Marble Hill and Strawberry Hill House . Another has been lost , that belonging to 18th-century aphoristic poet Alexander Pope . Among these is the Neo-Gothic prototype home of Horace Walpole which has given its name to a whole district , Strawberry Hill , and is linked with the oldest Roman Catholic university in the country , St Mary 's University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pia_Toscano", "text": "Pia Toscano ( born October 14 , 1988 ) is an American singer . Toscano placed ninth on the tenth season of American Idol . She was considered a frontrunner in the competition , and her elimination shocked judges Randy Jackson , Jennifer Lopez , and Steven Tyler , all of whom were visibly and vocally upset . Some viewers and media outlets described Toscano 's departure as one of the most shocking eliminations in American Idol history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victoria_Borzenkova", "text": "Viktoria Vitalyevna Borzenkova ( Russian : Виктория Витальевна Борзенкова ; born 25 December 1981 ) is a Russian former pair skater . With Andrei Chuvilaev , she won the 2001 and 2003 Winter Universiade and 2004 Bofrost Cup on Ice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russell_Davies", "text": "Robert Russell Davies ( born 5 April 1946 ) is a British journalist and broadcaster . Davies was born in Barmouth , North Wales . He attended Manchester Grammar School , according to his own statement on a November 2010 Brain of Britain programme . Also according to the programme , his grandfather was a mole-catcher . During his time at MGS ( 1957-64 ) he acted in dramatic society productions and was appointed school vice-captain . He gained a scholarship to St John 's College , Cambridge , and was awarded a first class degree in Modern and Mediaeval Languages in 1967 , but soon abandoned his post-graduate studies in German literature when the opportunity arose to tour with the Cambridge Footlights revue . During his time in Cambridge he contributed topical cartoons to the news pages of Varsity , the undergraduate newspaper , under the pseudonym Dai . As a journalist , Davies worked as a film and television critic for The Observer and The Sunday Times , features writer and sports columnist for The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph , a caricaturist for The Times Literary Supplement and was a deputy editor of Punch . He edited Kenneth Williams 's diaries for publication , despite being the target of Williams 's acid pen in those same diaries . He regularly appeared on television in the 1980s , presenting Saturday Review for BBC2 . In 1988 Davies was the presenter of a 12-part BBC radio series Radio Fun chronicling the history of comedy on the radio from the thirties to the present day . Since 2007 the series has been repeated most years on BBC Radio 4 Extra ( formerly Radio 7 ) , most recently ending in January 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chenies", "text": "Chenies is a village and civil parish in the Chiltern district , the easternmost part of south Buckinghamshire , England , on the border with Hertfordshire east of Chesham and Chalfont St Peter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HK_Sabinov", "text": "HK Sabinov is an ice hockey team playing in the Slovak 2.Liga , and formed in 1948 . They play in the city of Sabinov , Slovakia at Zimný štadión Sabinov ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giuseppe_Versaldi", "text": "Giuseppe Versaldi ( born 30 July 1943 ) is the Cardinal Prefect of the Congregation for Catholic Education , since his appointment , by Pope Francis on 31 March 2015 . Previously , Versaldi served as President of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See since 21 September 2011 . Versaldi had served before that as Bishop of Alessandria . Pope Benedict XVI elevated him to the rank of cardinal on 18 February 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nyon", "text": "Nyon [ njɔ̃ ] is a municipality in Nyon District in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland . It is located some 25 kilometers north east of Geneva 's city centre , and since the 1970s it has become part of the Geneva metropolitan area . It lies on the shores of Lake Geneva and is the seat of Nyon District . The town has ( as of December 2018 [ update ] ) a population of 21,198 and is famous in the sporting world for being the headquarters of the Union of European Football Associations ( UEFA ) and the European Club Association ( ECA ) . It is connected to the rest of Switzerland by way of the Route Suisse , the A1 Motorway and the railways of the Arc Lémanique ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nelson_Évora", "text": "Nelson Évora GCIH ( born 20 April 1984 ) is an Ivory Coast-born Portuguese track and field athlete who specializes in the triple jump . Évora is the current outdoor European triple jump champion , and a former Olympic and world champion . Évora competes at national level for Portugal and at club level for Sporting CP . He represented Cape Verde until 2002 , when he got Portuguese citizenship in June that year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunny_Side_Up_(1929_film)", "text": "Sunny Side Up is a 1929 American pre-Code Fox Movietone musical film starring Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell , with original songs , story , and dialogue by B. G. DeSylva , Lew Brown and Ray Henderson . The romantic comedy/musical premiered on October 3 , 1929 , at the Gaiety Theatre in New York City . The film was directed by David Butler , had ( now-lost ) Multicolor sequences , and a running time of 121 minutes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Lee_Ball", "text": "William Lee Ball ( January 2 , 1781 - February 29 , 1824 ) was a nineteenth-century politician from Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pforzheim", "text": "Pforzheim ( German pronunciation : [ ˈpfɔʁtshaɪm ] ( listen ) ) is a city of over 120,000 inhabitants in the federal state of Baden-Württemberg , in the southwest of Germany . It is known for its jewelry and watch-making industry , and as such has gained the nickname Goldstadt ( Golden City ) . With an area of 97.8 km2 ( 38 sq mi ) , it is situated between the cities of Stuttgart and Karlsruhe at the confluence of three rivers ( Enz , Nagold and Würm ) . It marks the frontier between Baden and Württemberg , being located on Baden territory . From 1535 to 1565 , it was the home to the Margraves of Baden-Pforzheim . The City of Pforzheim does not belong to any administrative district ( Kreis ) , although it hosts the administrative offices of the Enz district that surrounds the town . During World War II , Pforzheim was bombed by the Allies a number of times . The largest raid , and one of the most devastating area bombardments of World War II , was carried out by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) on the evening of 23 February 1945 . Nearly one third of the town 's population , 17,600 people , were killed in the air raid , and about 83% of the town 's buildings were destroyed . The Allies believed that precision instruments were being produced here for use in the German war effort and that the town was a transport centre for the movement of German troops . The story of the bombardment is dramatically recounted in the history by Giles Milton , titled Wolfram : The Boy Who Went To War ( 2011 ) . In the twenty years following the end of the war , Pforzheim was gradually rebuilt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Namhae_County", "text": "Namhae County ( Namhae-gun ) is a county in South Gyeongsang Province , South Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grange_Hill_tube_station", "text": "Grange Hill is a London Underground station on the Central line which lies in the parish of Chigwell in the Epping Forest district of Essex . The boundary with the London Borough of Redbridge is immediately to the east of the station buildings . The station is between Hainault and Chigwell stations . The station has been in Travelcard Zone 4 since 2 January 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MS_National_Geographic_Explorer", "text": "National Geographic Explorer is a small passenger vessel in the Lindblad Expeditions fleet . She can accommodate 148 guests . The ship is equipped with extra hull plating to withstand higher ice breaking tolerances . The ship has educational and entertainment facilities , including a chart room , library , observation lounge , a fleet of 36 kayaks , a remote operated vehicle capable of diving to 1000 feet depth , a fleet of 14 zodiacs , lounge and fitness center . The ship frequently follows routes in the Antarctic , Arctic , Norway , Greenland , and Canadian Highlands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ximena_Sariñana", "text": "Ximena Sariñana Rivera ( Spanish : [ xiˈmena sariˈɲana ] ; born October 29 , 1985 ) is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actress . In 2009 , she received critical acclaim and a Grammy nomination for her debut album , Mediocre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Red_Sox", "text": "The Boston Red Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Boston , Massachusetts . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) East division . The team have won nine World Series championships , tied for the third-most of any MLB team , and they have played in 13 . Their most recent World Series appearance and win was in 2018 . In addition , they won the 1904 American League pennant , but were not able to defend their 1903 World Series championship when the New York Giants refused to participate in the 1904 World Series . Founded in 1901 as one of the American League 's eight charter franchises , the Red Sox ' home ballpark has been Fenway Park since 1912 . The Red Sox name was chosen by the team owner , John I. Taylor , circa 1908 , following the lead of previous teams that had been known as the Boston Red Stockings , including the forerunner of the Atlanta Braves . The Red Sox were a dominant team in the new league , defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first World Series in 1903 and winning four more championships by 1918 . However , they then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history , dubbed the Curse of the Bambino after its alleged inception due to the Red Sox ' sale of Babe Ruth to the rival New York Yankees two years after their world championship in 1918 , an 86-year wait before the team 's sixth World Championship in 2004 . The team 's history during that period was punctuated with some of the most memorable moments in World Series history , including Enos Slaughter 's mad dash in 1946 , the Impossible Dream of 1967 , Carlton Fisk 's home run in 1975 , and Bill Buckner 's error in 1986 . Following their victory in the 2018 World Series , they became the first team to win four World Series trophies in the 21st century , with championships in 2004 , 2007 , 2013 and 2018 . The team 's history has also been marked by the team 's intense rivalry with the New York Yankees , arguably the fiercest and most historic in North American professional sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_New_York_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss New York Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of New York in the Miss Teen USA pageant . It is directed by D & D Productions . New York is in the top 10 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . The first Miss Teen USA competition was won by a Miss New York Teen USA . That winner was Ruth Zakarian , who went on to be an actress . Two New York teens have also placed 1st runner-up in the Miss Teen USA pageant . [ citation needed ] Five New York teens have also competed at Miss USA , including Zakarian who competed as Miss Teen USA in the Miss USA competition ( a short-lived tradition gave four Miss Teen USA titleholders this opportunity in the early 1980s ) . Two won the Miss New York USA crown , and one won the Miss Vermont USA title . [ citation needed ] In 1998 , Kimberly Pressler , Miss New York Teen USA 1994 , won the Miss New York USA 1999 title and went on to win the Miss USA 1999 pageant held in February the following year . Pressler later competed at Miss Universe 1999 and was the first Miss USA to miss the cut at Miss Universe since 1976 . [ citation needed ] New York is also one of only five states to have won the Miss Congeniality award at least two times . [ citation needed ] Maya Dominguez of Yonkers was crowned Miss New York Teen USA 2020 on January 19 , 2020 at The Performing Arts Center in Purchase College in Harrison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosworth", "text": "Cosworth is a British automotive engineering company founded in London in 1958 ; 62 years ago ( 1958 ) , specialising in high-performance internal combustion engines , powertrain , and electronics ; for automobile racing ( motorsport ) and mainstream automotive industries . Cosworth is based in Northampton , England , with American facilities in Indianapolis , Shelby Charter Township , Michigan and Mooresville , North Carolina . Cosworth has collected 176 wins in Formula One ( F1 ) as engine supplier , ranking third with most wins , behind Ferrari and Mercedes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maihar", "text": "Maihar is a town with municipality in Satna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh . Maihar is known for the temple of the revered mother goddess Sharda situated on Trikuta hill ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northeast_Conference", "text": "The Northeast Conference ( NEC ) is a collegiate athletic conference whose schools are members of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Teams in the NEC compete in Division I for all sports except football , which competes in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) , formerly Division I-AA . Participating schools are located principally in the Northeastern United States . The conference was named the ECAC Metro Conference when it was established in 1981 . The original eleven member schools were Fairleigh Dickinson University , the Brooklyn campus of Long Island University ( whose athletic program has now merged with that of LIU 's Post campus into a single athletic program ) , Loyola College in Maryland ( left in 1989 ) , Marist College ( left in 1997 ) , Robert Morris University , St. Francis College ( NY ) , Saint Francis College ( PA ) , Siena College ( left in 1984 ) , Towson State University ( left in 1982 ) , the University of Baltimore ( left in 1983 ) and Wagner College . The conference 's name was changed to its present form on August 1 , 1988 . Other names considered were Big North , Great North , North Shore , Northern , Northeastern , Eastern and Eastern Private Intercollegiate . The Northeast Conference has expanded eight times since 1981 . The expansions and additions from the original charter members were in 1985 ( Monmouth University , which left in 2013 ) , 1989 ( Mount St. Mary 's University ) , 1992 ( Rider University , which left in 1997 ) , 1997 ( Central Connecticut State University ) , 1998 ( Quinnipiac University and the University of Maryland , Baltimore County which respectively left in 2013 and 2003 ) , 1999 ( Sacred Heart University ) , 2008 ( Bryant University ) , and 2019 ( Merrimack College ) . The Northeast Conference 's rank was largest at 12 in 2008 with the addition of Bryant University ; it dropped to 10 in 2013 with the departure of Monmouth and Quinnipiac for the MAAC , and returned to 11 with the 2019 addition of Merrimack . The most recent changes were announced in 2018 and took effect with the 2019-20 school year . First , on September 10 , the NEC announced it would add Merrimack ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Virginia", "text": "West Virginia ( /vərˈdʒɪniə/ ( listen ) ) is a state located in the Appalachian region of the Southern United States , and is also considered to be a part of the Mid-Atlantic Southeast Region . It is bordered by Pennsylvania to the north , Maryland to the east and northeast , Virginia to the southeast , Kentucky to the southwest , and Ohio to the northwest . West Virginia is the 41st largest state by area , and is ranked 38th in population . The capital and largest city is Charleston . West Virginia became a state following the Wheeling Conventions of 1861 , at the start of the American Civil War . Delegates from the Unionist counties of northwestern Virginia decided to break away from Virginia , which also included secessionist counties in the new state . West Virginia was admitted to the Union on June 20 , 1863 , and was a key border state during the war . It was the only state to form by separating from a Confederate state , the first to separate from any state since Maine separated from Massachusetts , and was one of two states admitted to the Union during the American Civil War ( the other being Nevada ) . While a portion of its residents held slaves , most of the residents were yeoman farmers , and the delegates provided for gradual abolition of slavery in the new state Constitution . The Census Bureau and the Association of American Geographers classify West Virginia as part of the Southern United States . However , the Bureau of Labor Statistics classifies the state as a part of the Mid-Atlantic region . The northern panhandle extends adjacent to Pennsylvania and Ohio , with the West Virginia cities of Wheeling and Weirton just across the border from the Pittsburgh metropolitan area , while Bluefield is less than 70 miles ( 110 km ) from North Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wool_Cap", "text": "The Wool Cap is a 2004 American cable television film , an updated and Americanized version of the 1962 film Gigot starring Jackie Gleason , who wrote the original story . In this adaptation written by William H. Macy and Steven Schachter , Charlie Gigot is the mute and alcoholic superintendent of a dilapidated New York City apartment building . He becomes the unwilling parent figure for Lou , a young girl temporarily left in his care by a woman who fails to return for her . The two and Gigot 's pet monkey struggle to make it through the winter in his ramshackle basement apartment while he tries to find someone willing to take her in . The film , a co-production of Viacom Productions and 20th Century Fox Television , was shot in Atlanta , Georgia and Montréal , Québec , Canada . Directed by Schachter , it starred Macy as Charlie and Keke Palmer as Lou , with Don Rickles , Ned Beatty , Cherise Boothe , Julito McCullum , and Catherine O'Hara in supporting roles . The film premiered on November 21 , 2004 on TNT . It has been released on videotape and DVD . Fox owns the international ancillary rights , while North American ancillary rights are now in the hands of CBS Television Studios . Paramount Pictures handles video distribution for the CBS library , though this particular program was released on DVD before the Viacom/CBS split ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Papaya_salad", "text": "Green papaya salad is a spicy salad made from shredded unripe papaya . Originating from ethnic Lao people , it is also eaten throughout Southeast Asia . Locally known in Cambodia as bok l'hong ( Khmer : បុកល្ហុង , pronounced [ ɓok lhoŋ ] ) , in Laos as tam som ( Lao : ຕໍາສົ້ມ ) , or the more specific name tam maak hoong ( Lao : ຕໍາໝາກຫຸ່ງ , pronounced [ tàm.ma᷆ːk.hūŋ ] ) , in Thailand as som tam ( Thai : ส้มตำ , pronounced [ sôm tām ] ) , and in Vietnam as gỏi đu đủ . Som tam , the Thai variation , was listed at number 46 on World 's 50 most delicious foods compiled by CNN Go in 2011 and 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gawaahi", "text": "Gawaahi ( English : Testimony ) is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Anant Balani . It was his directorial debut . The film stars Zeenat Aman , Ashutosh Gowariker , Shekhar Kapur , and Ranjeeta Kaur . It was based on the play Night of January 16th , a courtroom drama by Ayn Rand . As a female lead , it was Zeenat Aman 's last movie [ circular reference ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Belle_Vue_Harel", "text": "Belle Vue Harel is a village in Mauritius that is located in the Rivière du Rempart District on the northern part of the island . It is located next to Amaury and Barlow villages . It is part of the larger Plaine des Papayes area which as of 2011 had 7,607 inhabitants . The village is the site of the Stade Anjalay , which is a prominent football venue for the nation , with the national football team and two top division teams ( Pamplemousses SC , AS Rivière du Rempart ) being resident . Athletics is also accommodated at the stadium and the 1992 African Championships in Athletics was held in the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Krissy_Wendell", "text": "Kristin Elizabeth Krissy Wendell-Pohl ( born September 12 , 1981 , known as Krissy Wendell until 2007 ) is an American women 's ice hockey player . During the 2004-05 season , Wendell set an NCAA record for most short-handed goals in one season , with seven . At the conclusion of her college career , she held the record for most career short-handed goals , with 16 . Both marks have since been equaled by Meghan Agosta . Wendell is currently in the Top 10 for all-time NCAA scoring , with 237 career points ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Purple_People_Eater_(film)", "text": "Purple People Eater is a 1988 American science-fiction comedy film based on Sheb Wooley 's 1958 novelty song of the same name , written and directed by Linda Shayne , and stars Neil Patrick Harris , Ned Beatty , Shelley Winters , Dustin Diamond , Peggy Lipton , and Thora Birch in her film debut . Chubby Checker and Little Richard made musical guest appearances . The film was released on December 16 , 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CHIM-FM", "text": "CHIM-FM is a Canadian radio station , which previously broadcast Christian music at 102.3 FM in Timmins , Ontario . The station currently broadcasts at 1710 ( AM ) . The station began testing its signal at 102.3 MHz on December 24 , 1995 , and officially signed on April 7 , 1996 . The station has expanded through a network of rebroadcast transmitters in Northern Ontario . CHIM-FM also has a rebroadcaster in Red Deer , Alberta , CHIM-FM-5 , which originates some of its own programming . Its call letters were pronounced , on air , as See Him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAAF_Base_Richmond", "text": "RAAF Base Richmond ( IATA : XRH , ICAO : YSRI ) is a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) military air base located within the City of Hawkesbury , approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) North-West of the Sydney Central Business District in New South Wales , Australia . Situated between the towns of Windsor and Richmond , the base is the oldest base in New South Wales and the second oldest in Australia . : ii-iii The base is home to the transport headquarters RAAF Air Lift Group , and its major operational formations , Nos . 84 and 86 Wings . The main aircraft type operated at the base is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules . Richmond is a regular venue for air shows and has at times been mooted as a site for Sydney 's proposed second international airport . Sited on a piece of land originally known as Ham Common , Richmond became an RAAF base in 1925 . Its inaugural commander was Flight Lieutenant ( later Squadron Leader ) Frank Lukis , who also led the base 's first flying unit , No . 3 Squadron . Many other squadrons were formed at Richmond in the ensuing years , as well as a separate Station Headquarters and No . 2 Aircraft Depot in 1936 . The base expanded further during World War II , with more squadrons and other units being established there , including No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sturt_Football_Club", "text": "The Sturt Football Club , nicknamed The Double Blues , is a semi-professional Australian rules football club based in the suburb of Unley , South Australia , which plays in the South Australian National Football League . Founded in 1901 by the Sturt Cricket Club , the club initially struggled to make the finals , however , in 1915 they won their first Premiership . After several decades of substantial finals appearances and a few premiership wins , Sturt entered a period of success , winning seven premierships from 1966 to 1976 under coach Jack Oatey . Sturt has a total of 15 premierships , eleven Magarey Medallists and two Night Premierships . Sturt wear Oxford and Cambridge Blue reflecting the street names on which their home ground is based . Sturt play their home games at the 15,000 capacity Unley Oval and their club song is named It 's a grand old flag ."}
{"title": "/wiki/How_the_Toys_Saved_Christmas", "text": "La freccia azzurra ( English : The Blue Arrow , known as How the Toys Saved Christmas in the U.S. ) is a 1996 Italian animated film directed by Enzo D'Alò , based on a tale by Gianni Rodari . In the original version , the story took place during the Epiphany Eve , because in the Folklore of Italy the Befana is a good witch that gives presents and candies to the children during the night between 5 and 6 January ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reims", "text": "Reims ( /riːmz/ REEMZ , also US : /ræ̃s/ , French : [ ʁɛ̃s ] ( listen ) ; also spelled Rheims in English ; Dutch : Riemen ) is the most populous city in the Marne department , in the Grand Est region of France . Its population in 2013 was of 182,592 in the city proper ( commune ) and 317,611 in the metropolitan area ( aire urbaine ) . The city lies 129 km ( 80 mi ) east-northeast of Paris . Its primary river , the Vesle , is a tributary of the Aisne . Founded by the Gauls , Reims became a major city during the period of the Roman Empire . Reims later played a prominent ceremonial role in French monarchical history as the traditional site of the coronation of the kings of France . The royal anointing was performed at the Cathedral of Reims , which housed the Holy Ampulla of chrism allegedly brought by a white dove at the baptism of Frankish king Clovis I in 496 . For this reason , Reims is often referred to in French as la cité des sacres ( the Coronation City ) . The Cathedral , the Palace of Tau and the former Abbey of Saint-Remi have been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Great_Impostor", "text": "The Great Impostor is a 1961 movie based on the true story of an impostor named Ferdinand Waldo Demara . The film is loosely based on Robert Crichton 's 1959 biography of the same name , it stars Tony Curtis in the title role , and was directed by Robert Mulligan . The film only loosely follows Demara 's real-life exploits , and is much lighter in tone than the book on which it is based ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qui_est_l'exemple?", "text": "Qui est l'exemple ? is a 2001 song recorded by French artists Rohff & Kayliah . It was the third single from his debut album , La Vie avant la mort , and was released in late 2001 in a CD maxi , then in February 2002 in a CD single . It achieved huge success in Belgium ( Wallonia ) , Switzerland and particularly in France where it topped the chart . To date , it is the singer 's biggest hit and can be considered as his signature song . The refrain of the song is sung by Kayliah and contains a sampling of 1981 hit single Your love of the band Lime , but plays lower . As of August 2014 , it was the 56th best-selling single of the 21st century in France , with 379,000 units sold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petticoat_Junction", "text": "Petticoat Junction is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 1963 to April 1970 . The series takes place at the Shady Rest Hotel , which is run by Kate Bradley , her three daughters Billie Jo , Bobbie Jo , and Betty Jo , and her uncle Joe Carson . The series is one of three interrelated shows about rural characters produced by Paul Henning . Petticoat Junction was created upon the success of Henning 's previous rural/urban-themed sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies ( 1962-1971 ) . The success of Petticoat Junction led to a spin-off , Green Acres ( 1965-1971 ) . Petticoat Junction was produced by Wayfilms ( a joint venture of Filmways Television and Pen-Ten Productions ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vakhid_Masudov", "text": "Vakhid Masudov ( Kazakh : Вахид Юнусұлы Масудов , Vahıd Iýnýsuly Masýdov ) is a Kazakh football coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portland_Sea_Dogs", "text": "The Portland Sea Dogs are a Minor League Baseball team based in Portland , Maine , that currently plays in the Eastern League . Established in 1994 , the Sea Dogs are the Double-A affiliate of the Boston Red Sox . The Sea Dogs became part of the Red Sox system for the 2003 season ; previously they were affiliated with the Florida Marlins . The change in affiliation brought success in the 2005 and 2006 seasons as the Sea Dogs went to the Eastern League championship series both years . They won their first-ever title on September 17 , 2006 , defeating the Akron Aeros , 8-5 , in a rematch of the series from the previous year . It was the first Double-A championship for a Red Sox farm team since 1983 when they were based in New Britain , Connecticut . Currently , all games are carried on a network of radio stations with Mike Antonellis providing the play-by-play , with the flagship WPEI and select TV games on NESN with Eric Frede play-by-play and former Red Sox relief pitcher Ken Ryan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1993–94_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1993 season began on January 8 , 1994 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Dallas Cowboys defeating the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVIII , 30-13 , on January 30 , at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta , Georgia . Since the 1993 regular season was conducted over 18 weeks ( two byes per team ) , the traditional bye week between the conference championship games and Super Bowl was removed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barry_Holloway", "text": "Sir Barry Blyth Holloway , KBE ( 26 September 1934 - 16 January 2013 ) was an Australian-born Papua New Guinean politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sundsvall", "text": "Sundsvall ( Swedish : [ ˈsɵ̂nː ( d ) sval ] ( listen ) ) is a city and the seat of Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County , Sweden . It has a population of 51,354 as of 2010 ; more than 95,000 live in the municipal area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Game_Informer", "text": "Game Informer ( GI ) is an American monthly video game magazine featuring articles , news , strategy , and reviews of video games and associated consoles . It debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six-page magazine . The publication is owned and published by GameStop Corp. , the parent company of the video game retailer of the same name , who bought FuncoLand in 2000 . Due to this , a large amount of promotion is done in-store , which has contributed to the success of the magazine ; it is now the 4th most popular magazine by copies circulated . Game Informer has since become an important part of GameStop 's customer loyalty program , PowerUp Rewards , which offers subscribers access to special content on the official website ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church_(Swanton,_Vermont)", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 25 Grand Avenue in the village of Swanton , Vermont . Built in 1895 , it is an architecturally distinctive example of Queen Anne architecture executed in brick . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hang_Jebat_Stadium", "text": "The Hang Jebat Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Hang Jebat ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Krubong/Paya Rumput , Malacca , Malaysia named after a Malacca Sultanate Laksamana , Hang Jebat . The stadium is the home for Melaka United and is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium has a capacity of 40,000 people . In 2010 , the stadium hosted the Sukma Games and the Malaysia Para Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Mickle", "text": "Charles Julius Mickle ( July 22 , 1849 in Stratford , Canada West , now Ontario - November 10 , 1919 in Minnedosa , Manitoba ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada . He was a provincial cabinet minister for three years and on two occasions served as the leader of the Liberal Party in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba . Mickle trained as a lawyer and was admitted to the Ontario bar in 1872 . He practiced law in Ontario for ten years before moving to Manitoba . He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature for the constituency of Birtle in the 1888 provincial election , as a supporter of Liberal Premier Thomas Greenway . He was re-elected in the 1892 campaign and won by acclamation in 1896 . In 1889 , he married Mary A. Ross . In November 1896 , Mickle entered Greenway 's cabinet as Provincial Secretary . He held this position until the resignation of the Greenway ministry in January 1900 . The Liberals had narrowly lost the election of 1899 , although Mickle was re-elected in Birtle . Mickle was also one of only nine Liberals to be re-elected in the party 's electoral debacle of 1903 . The party won only nine seats , but Mickle scored a surprisingly easy victory ( 584 votes to 293 ) over Conservative John Leich ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ilya_Bryzgalov", "text": "Ilya Nikolayevich Bryzgalov ( /brɪsˈɡɑːlɒf/ ; Russian : Илья Николаевич Брызгалов ; born 22 June 1980 ) is a Russian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Anaheim Ducks , Phoenix Coyotes , Philadelphia Flyers , Edmonton Oilers and Minnesota Wild . He was drafted by Anaheim in the second round of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft , 44th overall . In 2006-07 , Bryzgalov won the Stanley Cup with the Anaheim Ducks . Internationally , he has earned a bronze medal with Russia at the 2002 Winter Olympics , and a silver medal at the 2000 World Junior Championships . Bryzgalov also competed in the 2004 World Cup of Hockey and is a three-time Olympian . As the starting goaltender , he helped Russia win back-to-back gold medals at the 2009 World Ice Hockey Championships , making them ranked number one in the world . He was also runner-up for the Vezina Trophy and a top-five finalist for the Hart Memorial Trophy in the 2009-10 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beetham", "text": "Beetham is a village and civil parish in Cumbria , England , situated on the border with Lancashire . It is part of the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Speight", "text": "William James Speight ( 1843 - 24 April 1919 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Auckland , New Zealand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Koch", "text": "Charles de Ganahl Koch ( /koʊk/ ; born November 1 , 1935 ) is an American businessman , political donor and philanthropist . As of March 2019 , he was ranked as the 11th-richest person in the world , with an estimated net worth of $ 50.5 billion . Koch has been co-owner , chairman , and chief executive officer of Koch Industries since 1967 , while his late brother David Koch served as executive vice president . Charles and David each owned 42% of the conglomerate . The brothers inherited the business from their father , Fred C. Koch , then expanded the business . Originally involved exclusively in oil refining and chemicals , Koch Industries now includes process and pollution control equipment and technologies , polymers and fibers , minerals , fertilizers , commodity trading and services , forest and consumer products , and ranching . The businesses produce a wide variety of well-known brands , such as Stainmaster carpet , the Lycra brand of spandex fiber , Quilted Northern tissue , and Dixie Cup . Koch Industries is the second-largest privately held company by revenue in the United States according to a 2010 Forbes survey . In February 2014 , Koch was ranked 9th richest person in the world by Hurun Report with an estimated net worth of $ 36 billion . Previously , in October 2012 , he was ranked the 6th richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of $ 34 billion - according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index - and was ranked 18th on Forbes World 's Billionaires list of 2011 ( and 4th on the Forbes 400 ) , with an estimated net worth of $ 25 billion , deriving from his 42% stake in Koch Industries . Koch has published three books detailing his business philosophy , The Science of Success , Market Based Management , and Good Profit . Koch supports a number of free market-oriented educational organizations , including the Institute for Humane Studies , the Ayn Rand Institute , [ citation needed ] and the Mercatus Center at George Mason University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Necronomicon", "text": "The Necronomicon , also referred to as the Book of the Dead , or under a purported original Arabic title of Kitab al-Azif , is a fictional grimoire ( textbook of magic ) appearing in stories by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft and his followers . It was first mentioned in Lovecraft 's 1924 short story The Hound , written in 1922 , though its purported author , the Mad Arab Abdul Alhazred , had been quoted a year earlier in Lovecraft 's The Nameless City . Among other things , the work contains an account of the Old Ones , their history , and the means for summoning them . Other authors such as August Derleth and Clark Ashton Smith also cited it in their works ; Lovecraft approved , believing such common allusions built up a background of evil verisimilitude . Many readers have believed it to be a real work , with booksellers and librarians receiving many requests for it ; pranksters have listed it in rare book catalogues , and a student smuggled a card for it into the Yale University Library 's card catalog . Capitalizing on the notoriety of the fictional volume , real-life publishers have printed many books entitled Necronomicon since Lovecraft 's death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Celtics", "text": "The Boston Celtics ( /ˈsɛltɪks/ SEL-tiks ) are an American professional basketball team based in Boston . The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division . Founded in 1946 as one of the league 's original eight teams , the Celtics play their home games at TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League ( NHL ) 's Boston Bruins . The Celtics are regarded as the most successful basketball team in NBA history ; the franchise has won the most championships in the NBA with 17 ( accounting for 23.9 percent of all NBA championships since the league 's founding ) , and currently hold the record for the most recorded wins of any NBA team . The Celtics have a notable rivalry with the Los Angeles Lakers , who have won 16 NBA championships , second behind the Celtics . The rivalry was heavily highlighted throughout the 1960s and 1980s . The franchise has played the Lakers a record 12 times in the NBA Finals ( including their most recent appearances in 2008 and 2010 ) , of which the Celtics have won nine . Four Celtics players ( Bob Cousy , Bill Russell , Dave Cowens and Larry Bird ) have won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award for an NBA record total of 10 MVP awards . Both the nickname Celtics and their mascot Lucky the Leprechaun are a nod to Boston 's historically large Irish population . The Celtics ' rise to dominance began in the late 1950s , after acquiring center Bill Russell in a draft day trade in 1956 , who would become the cornerstone of the Celtics dynasty . Led by Russell and superstar point guard Bob Cousy , the Celtics won their first NBA championship in 1957 . Russell , along with a talented supporting cast of future Hall of Famers including John Havlicek , Tom Heinsohn , K. C. Jones , Sam Jones , Satch Sanders , and Bill Sharman , would usher the Celtics into the greatest period in franchise history , winning eight consecutive NBA championships throughout the 1960s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stanko_Mršić", "text": "Stanko Mršić ( born 12 September 1955 ) is a Croatian football manager and former professional player . Mršić began his managerial career at HNK Cibalia in 1993 , and since then he also coached other Prva HNL clubs , among them NK Zadar , NK Varteks , HNK Šibenik , NK Osijek and NK Međimurje . He holds the record for most managed matches in Prva HNL history with over 300 games . On 12 March 2019 , he was named the new manager of back then still Bosnian Premier League club GOŠK Gabela . After GOŠK got relegated to the First League of FBiH , Mršić decided to leave the club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jason_Williams_(Radford_basketball)", "text": "Jason Williams ( born April 15 , 1979 ) , is an American former basketball player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Julius_Hess", "text": "Julius Hess ( January 26 , 1876 - November 2 , 1955 ) was an American physician who is often considered the father of American neonatology . In 1922 , he published the first textbook focused on the care of prematurity and birth defects in infants . That same year , Hess and nurse Evelyn Lundeen created the first premature infant station in the United States , recognizing the importance of nursing care and temperature management in the care of preterm babies . Hess also made early contributions to the transport of such infants to specialty centers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Farmer's_Market_(album)", "text": "Farmer 's Market is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer , featuring performances recorded in 1956 and released on the New Jazz label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_Heritage_Sites_in_Japan", "text": "Japan accepted the UNESCO World Heritage Convention on 30 June 1992 . As of July 2019 , twenty-three properties have been inscribed on the World Heritage List : nineteen cultural sites and four natural sites . A further eight sites and one site extension have been submitted for future inscription and are currently on the Tentative List as of 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Calder_Marshall", "text": "William Calder Marshall RA ( 18 March 1813 - 16 June 1894 ) was a Scottish sculptor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wydad_Casablanca", "text": "Wydad Athletic Club ( Arabic : نادي الوداد الرياضي , Arabic pronunciation : [ naːdiː‿l.wydaːd arːiyːadˤiː ] ) , Berber languages : ⵡⵢⴷⴰⴷ ⴰⵜⵀⵍⴻⵜⵉⵛ ⵛⵍⵓⴱ ) commonly known as WAC or Wydad Casablanca , also called Wydad of Nation or The Lions Of Africa is a Moroccan sports club based in Casablanca City , Morocco . Wydad AC is one of the best and most successful football team in Africa , and which is the most titled team in the history of Moroccan football League . Wydad has won a record of 20 Moroccan league titles . In addition Wydad has won 9 Moroccan Cups and 8 Moroccan Super Cup . In continental competitions the club has won 2 CAF Champions League , 1 CAF Cup Winners , 1 CAF Super Cup , 1 Afro-Asian Club Championship , 1 Arab Club Champions Cup , 1 Arab Super Cup , 3 North African Championship , 3 North African Super Cup , 1 North African Cup , 1 Mohammed V Trophy . Anina"}
{"title": "/wiki/Gary_E._Stevenson", "text": "Gary Evan Stevenson ( born August 6 , 1955 ) is an American religious leader and former businessman who is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) . He served previously as the church 's Presiding Bishop and was the fourteenth man to serve in that position . He has been a general authority of the church since 2008 . Stevenson was appointed to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in October 2015 . Currently , he is the twelfth most senior apostle in the church ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Standard_Liège", "text": "Royal Standard de Liège , commonly referred to as Standard Liège ( French : [ stɑ̃daʁ ljɛʒ ] ; Dutch : Standard Luik [ ˈstɑndɑrt ˈlœyk ] ; German : Standard Lüttich [ ˈstandaɐ̯t ˈlʏtɪç , ˈʃtan- ] ) , is a Belgian football club from the city of Liège . They are one of the most successful clubs in Belgium , having won the Belgian league on ten occasions , most recently in 2007-08 and 2008-09 . They have been in the top flight without interruption since 1921 , longer than any other Belgian side . They have also won eight Belgian Cups , and in 1981-82 they reached the final of the European Cup Winners ' Cup , which they lost 2-1 against Barcelona . Standard players are nicknamed les Rouches [ le ʁuʃ ] because of their red jerseys . The French word for red , rouge , when pronounced with a Liège accent , sounds like rouche ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perkins_Engineering", "text": "Perkins Engineering was a team contesting the Australian V8 Supercar Championship Series , operating as an active racing team between 1986 and 2008 . From 2009 onwards , the involvement of Perkins Engineering in the championship was wound back into a supply relationship with the newly formed Kelly Racing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helsinki_Seagulls", "text": "Helsinki Seagulls is a professional basketball team , based in Helsinki , Finland . The club is playing in the Korisliiga , the highest tier of basketball in Finland , since 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Korea", "text": "North Korea ( Korean : 조선 ; MR : Chosŏn or literally 북조선 ; MR : Pukchosŏn ) , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK or DPR Korea ; Korean : 조선민주주의인민공화국 , Chosŏn Minjujuŭi Inmin Konghwaguk ) , is a country in East Asia constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula , with Pyongyang as its capital and the largest city in the country . To the north and northwest , the country is bordered by China and by Russia along the Amnok ( known as the Yalu in Chinese ) and Tumen rivers , and to the south , it is bordered by South Korea , with the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) separating the two . Nevertheless , North Korea , like its southern counterpart , claims to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula and adjacent islands . In 1910 , Korea was annexed by Imperial Japan . At the Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 , Korea was divided into two zones , with the north occupied by the Soviet Union and the south occupied by the United States . Negotiations on reunification failed , and in 1948 , separate governments were formed : the socialist Democratic People 's Republic of Korea in the north , and the capitalist Republic of Korea in the south . An invasion initiated by North Korea led to the Korean War ( 1950-1953 ) . The Korean Armistice Agreement brought about a ceasefire , but no peace treaty was signed . North Korea officially describes itself as a self-reliant socialist state , and formally holds elections , though they have been described by outside observers as sham elections . Outside observers also generally view North Korea as a Stalinist dictatorship , particularly noting the elaborate cult of personality around the Kim dynasty . The Workers ' Party of Korea ( WPK ) , led by a member of the ruling family , holds absolute power in the state and leads the Democratic Front for the Reunification of the Fatherland of which all political officers are required to be members . Juche , an ideology of national self-reliance , was introduced into the constitution in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Batman_(TV_series)", "text": "The Batman is an American animated television series produced by Warner Bros . Animation based on the DC Comics superhero , Batman . The series first aired on Kids ' WB on September 11 , 2004 , then Cartoon Network on April 2nd , 2005 . The show would become exclusive to the former Network for its third , fourth , and fifth seasons in early 2006 . The Batman won six Daytime Emmy Awards over the course of its run . Many elements from previous Batman storylines were borrowed and adapted , such as those from the comic books , film series and the animated shows like Batman : The Animated Series from DC Animated Universe , but it remains within its own distinct continuity . Jackie Chan Adventures artist , Jeff Matsuda , provided the character designs and also directed the series ' finale . He altered the appearances of many of the comic books ' super villains for the show - such as the Joker , the Penguin , and the Riddler . Also noteworthy is that The Batman is one of the few Batman television shows not to feature Two-Face . It was succeeded by Batman : The Brave and the Bold . All five seasons are available to watch on DVD . In 2005 , there was a direct-to-DVD movie titled , The Batman vs. Dracula , which was largely based on the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hayabusa2", "text": "Hayabusa2 ( Japanese : はやぶさ2 , Peregrine falcon-2 ) is an asteroid sample-return mission operated by the Japanese space agency , JAXA . It follows on from the Hayabusa mission which returned asteroid samples in 2010 . Hayabusa2 was launched on 3 December 2014 and rendezvoused with near-Earth asteroid 162173 Ryugu on 27 June 2018 . It surveyed the asteroid for a year and a half and took samples . It left the asteroid in November 2019 and is expected to return to Earth in late 2020 . Hayabusa2 carries multiple science payloads for remote sensing , sampling , and four small rovers that investigated the asteroid surface to inform the environmental and geological context of the samples collected ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria_at_the_1952_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Austria competed at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo , Norway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ojibwe", "text": "The Ojibwe , Ojibwa , Chippewa , or Saulteaux are an Anishinaabe people of Canada and the northern Midwestern United States . They are one of the most numerous indigenous peoples north of the Rio Grande . In Canada , they are the second-largest First Nations population , surpassed only by the Cree . In the United States , they have the fifth-largest population among Native American peoples , surpassed in number only by the Navajo , Cherokee , Choctaw and Sioux . The Ojibwe people traditionally speak the Ojibwe language , a branch of the Algonquian language family . They are part of the Council of Three Fires and the Anishinaabeg , which include the Algonquin , Nipissing , Oji-Cree , Odawa and the Potawatomi . Historically , through the Saulteaux branch , they were a part of the Iron Confederacy , joining the Cree , Assiniboine , and Metis . The majority of the Ojibwe people live in the United States . There are 77,940 mainline Ojibwe ; 76,760 Saulteaux ; and 8,770 Mississauga , organized in 125 bands . They live from western Quebec to eastern British Columbia . As of 2010 [ update ] , Ojibwe in the U.S. census population is 170,742 . The Ojibwe are known for their birch bark canoes , birch bark scrolls , mining and trade in copper , as well as their cultivation of wild rice and maple syrup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sean_Rice", "text": "Sean Rice ( born July 20 , 1972 ) is a Canadian pair skater who also competed in the fours discipline . With Jodeyne Higgins , he is a two-time ( 1993 , 1995 ) Canadian pairs bronze medallist and four-time ( 1993-1996 ) Canadian fours champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Teodoro_Cuñado", "text": "Teodoro Cuñado ( born 13 February 1970 ) is a Spanish long-distance runner . He competed in the men 's 10,000 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pressure_Point_(1962_film)", "text": "Pressure Point is a 1962 psychological drama film about a prison psychiatrist who is called upon to treat a Nazi sympathizer during World War II . It stars Sidney Poitier and Bobby Darin . The film was based on the short story Destiny 's Tot by Robert Lindner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holy_Trinity_Catholic_Church_(Shreveport,_Louisiana)", "text": "Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Shreveport , Louisiana was built in 1896 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 . The church also became a contributing property of Shreveport Commercial Historic District when its boundaries were increased on April 29 , 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hackney_Downs_School", "text": "Hackney Downs School was an 11-16 boys , community comprehensive secondary school in Lower Clapton , Greater London , England . It was established in 1876 and closed in 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gary_Hart", "text": "Gary Warren Hart ( born Gary Warren Hartpence ; November 28 , 1936 ) is an American politician , diplomat , and lawyer . He was the front-runner for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination until he dropped out over allegations of an extramarital affair . He represented Colorado in the United States Senate from 1975 to 1987 . Born in Ottawa , Kansas , he pursued a legal career in Denver , Colorado , after graduating from Yale Law School . He managed Senator George McGovern 's successful campaign for the 1972 Democratic presidential nomination and McGovern 's unsuccessful general election campaign against President Richard Nixon . Hart defeated incumbent Republican Senator Peter Dominick in Colorado 's 1974 Senate election . In the Senate , he served on the Church Committee and led the Senate investigation regarding the Three Mile Island accident . After narrowly winning re-election in 1980 , he sponsored the Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984 , becoming known as an Atari Democrat . Hart sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1984 , narrowly losing the race to former Vice President Walter Mondale . Hart declined to seek re-election to the Senate in 1986 and sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 . He was widely viewed as the front-runner until reports surfaced of an extramarital affair , and Hart withdrew from the race in May 1987 . He re-entered the race in December 1987 but withdrew from the race again after faring poorly in the early primaries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson_Generals", "text": "The Jackson Generals are a Minor League Baseball team of the Southern League and the Double-A affiliate of the Arizona Diamondbacks . The team is located in Jackson , Tennessee , and plays their home games at The Ballpark at Jackson . Opened in 1998 , the park currently holds 6,000 people . From their inaugural season until 2010 , the Generals were known as the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx . The new moniker is in reference to the minor league of the same name which played in Jackson during the first half of the 20th century . Jackson has won four Southern League championships . Their first came in 2000 as the Double-A affiliate of the Chicago Cubs . They won a second time in 2016 while a farm club of the Seattle Mariners . Their two most-recent titles were won in 2018 and 2019 with the Arizona Diamondbacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Distinguished_Service_Order", "text": "The Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) is a military decoration of the United Kingdom , and formerly of other parts of the Commonwealth , awarded for meritorious or distinguished service by officers of the armed forces during wartime , typically in actual combat . Since 1993 all ranks have been eligible ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona_Roller_Derby", "text": "Arizona Roller Derby is Arizona 's first all female roller derby league . It was founded in 2003 making it one of the oldest resurgence roller derby leagues in America . Arizona Roller Derby , abbreviated as AZRD , is one of the founding members of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association . AZRD is based in Phoenix , Arizona and holds their games at Ability 360 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KBPA", "text": "KBPA ( 103.5 MHz , 103.5 Bob FM ) is a radio station licensed to San Marcos , Texas and serving the Greater Austin metropolitan area . Owned by Sinclair Telecable and operated under the name Waterloo Media , it broadcasts an adult hits format . KBPA 's transmitter is located off Jack C. Hays Trail in Buda , Texas . Its studios and offices are located along Interstate 35 in North Austin . KBPA broadcasts in HD Radio ; its second subchannel broadcasts a rhythmic contemporary format as Mega 103-5 HD2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rum-running", "text": "Rum-running , or bootlegging , is the illegal business of transporting ( smuggling ) alcoholic beverages where such transportation is forbidden by law . Smuggling usually takes place to circumvent taxation or prohibition laws within a particular jurisdiction . The term rum-running is more commonly applied to smuggling over water ; bootlegging is applied to smuggling over land . It is believed that the term bootlegging originated during the American Civil War , when soldiers would sneak liquor into army camps by concealing pint bottles within their boots or beneath their trouser legs . Also , according to the PBS documentary Prohibition , the term bootlegging was popularized when thousands of city dwellers sold liquor from flasks they kept in their boot legs all across major cities and rural areas . The term rum-running most likely originated at the start of Prohibition in the United States ( 1920-1933 ) , when ships from Bimini in the western Bahamas transported cheap Caribbean rum to Florida speakeasies . But rum 's cheapness made it a low-profit item for the rum-runners , and they soon moved on to smuggling Canadian whisky , French champagne , and English gin to major cities like New York City , Boston , and Chicago , where prices ran high . It was said [ by whom ? ] that some ships carried $ 200,000 in contraband in a single run ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mario_Mola", "text": "Mario Mola ( born 23 February 1990 in Palma de Mallorca ) , is a Spanish professional triathlete . He is the 2016 , 2017 and 2018 ITU World Triathlon Series World Champion . He has placed 19th at the London Olympic Games 2012 and 8th at the Rio Olympic Games 2016 . In addition to his World Triathlon Series wins , he has placed second and third in 2014 and 2015 ITU World Triathlon Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Play_Dead_(song)", "text": "Play Dead is a song by Icelandic singer Björk , and was released as the only single from the soundtrack of the 1993 crime drama The Young Americans . The song was not included in the first edition of Debut but was later included as a bonus track , and the album was re-issued October 11 , 1993 . The song was written by Jah Wobble , Björk featuring David Arnold , and was produced by Cannon , Arnold , receiving additional production and mixing by Tim Simenon . The song , inspired by the main character of the film , was released in October 1993 . A mainly trip hop-influenced track , the song charted in the top-20 in the United Kingdom , Ireland , the Netherlands , Poland , Denmark , Iceland , Norway and Sweden . An accompanying music video was released , featuring images from the film . Play Dead was included in Björk 's 2002 greatest hits album Greatest Hits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_Tech_Yellow_Jackets_football", "text": "The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football . The Yellow Jackets team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . Georgia Tech has fielded a football team since 1892 and , as of 2017 , has an all-time record of 735-502-43 ( a .591 winning percentage ) . The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta , which has a capacity of 55,000 . One of the most successful college football programs over a long history , the Yellow Jackets have won four national championships across four different decades ( 1917 , 1928 , 1952 , 1990 ) as well as sixteen conference titles . Among the team 's former coaches are John Heisman , for whom the Heisman Trophy is named , and Bobby Dodd , for whom the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award and the school 's stadium are named . Heisman led the team to the most lopsided game in football history , 222-0 , and both Heisman and Dodd led Tech 's football team to national championships . Dodd also led the Jackets on their longest winning streak - 8 straight games - against the University of Georgia in Tech 's most time-endured rivalry , called Clean , Old-Fashioned Hate . For his part , Heisman led Georgia Tech to an undefeated 12-0-1 record in the Georgia Tech-Clemson football rivalry and what made it sting even more was that Heisman had previously coached Clemson . A number of successful collegiate and professional football players have also played for Tech . The program has 48 first-team All-Americans and over 150 alumni who have played in the NFL . Among the most lauded and most notable players the school has produced are Maxie Baughan , Calvin Johnson , Demaryius Thomas , Keith Brooking , Joe Hamilton , Joe Guyon , Pat Swilling and Billy Shaw ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Williams_(animator)", "text": "Richard Edmund Dick Williams ( March 19 , 1933 - August 16 , 2019 ) was a Canadian-British animator , voice actor , director , and writer , best known for serving as animation director on Who Framed Roger Rabbit ( 1988 ) , for which he won two Academy Awards , and for his unfinished feature film The Thief and the Cobbler ( 1993 ) . He was also a film title sequence designer and animator . Other works in this field include the title sequences for What 's New Pussycat ? ( 1965 ) and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum ( 1966 ) and title and linking sequences in The Charge of the Light Brigade and the intros of the eponymous cartoon feline for two of the later Pink Panther films . In 2002 he published The Animator 's Survival Kit , an authoritative manual of animation methods and techniques , which has since been turned into a 16-DVD box set as well as an iOS app . From 2008 he worked as artist in residence at Aardman Animation in Bristol , and in 2015 he received both Oscar and BAFTA nominations in the best animated short category for his short film Prologue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arlington,_Virginia", "text": "Arlington County is a county in the Commonwealth of Virginia , often referred to simply as Arlington or Arlington , Virginia . The county is situated in Northern Virginia on the southwestern bank of the Potomac River directly across from the District of Columbia , of which it was once a part . The county is coterminous with the U.S. Census Bureau 's census-designated place of Arlington . Arlington is considered to be the second-largest principal city of the Washington metropolitan area . In 2018 , the county 's population was estimated at 237,521 , making Arlington the sixth-largest county in Virginia by population ; if it were incorporated as a city , would be the fourth-most populous city in the state . With a land area of 26 square miles ( 67 km2 ) , Arlington is the geographically smallest self-governing county in the U.S. , and by reason of state law regarding population density , it has no incorporated towns within its borders . It is the 5th highest-income county in the U.S. by median family income . Due to the county 's proximity to downtown Washington , D.C. , Arlington is home to the Pentagon , Reagan National Airport , and Arlington National Cemetery . In academia , the county contains George Mason University 's Antonin Scalia Law School , the administrative offices buildings and graduate programs for the Schar School of Policy and Government and School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution , as well as satellite campuses of the University of Virginia and Virginia Tech . It will soon house the co-headquarters of Amazon.com , Inc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reno,_Nevada", "text": "Reno ( /ˈriːnoʊ/ REE-noh ) is a city in the northwest section of the U.S. state of Nevada , approximately 22 miles ( 35 km ) from Lake Tahoe , known as The Biggest Little City in the World . Known for its casino & tourism industry , Reno is the county seat and largest city of Washoe County and sits in a high desert river valley at the foot of the Sierra Nevada and its downtown area ( along with Sparks ) occupies a valley informally known as the Truckee Meadows , which due to large-scale investments from Seattle & Bay Area companies such as Amazon , Tesla , Panasonic , Microsoft , Apple and Google has become a new major technology hub in the United States . The city is named after Union Major General Jesse L. Reno , who was killed in action during the American Civil War at the Battle of South Mountain on Fox 's Gap . Reno is part of the Reno-Sparks metropolitan area , 2nd most populous in Nevada after Las Vegas-Henderson , both of which are part of the Las Vegas Valley . Greater Reno , which consists of Washoe , Storey , and Lyon counties plus Carson City ( the capital of Nevada ) , is the second largest metropolitan area in Nevada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enryaku-ji", "text": "Enryaku-ji ( 延暦寺 , Enryaku-ji ) is a Tendai monastery located on Mount Hiei in Ōtsu , overlooking Kyoto . It was founded in 788 during the early Heian period ( 794-1185 ) . The temple complex was established by Saichō ( 767-822 ) , also known as Dengyō Daishi , who introduced the Tendai sect of Mahayana Buddhism to Japan from China . Enryaku-ji is the headquarters of the Tendai sect and one of the most significant monasteries in Japanese history . As such , it is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto ( Kyoto , Uji and Otsu Cities ) . The founders of Jōdo-shū , Sōtō Zen , and Nichiren Buddhism all spent time at the monastery . Enryaku-ji is also the center for the practice of kaihōgyō ( aka the marathon monks ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joyce_Chepkirui", "text": "Joyce Chepkirui ( born 20 August 1988 ) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in road running events . She established herself as a half marathon runner , winning races in Granollers , Bogotá and Gothenburg . She set a best of 1:06:19 hours to win the 2014 Prague Half Marathon . She also competes in 10K road races and her personal best of 30:38 minutes makes her fifth fastest woman ever . Chepkirui began competing in cross country running in 2012 and won the Kenyan and African titles . She also competes on the track over 1500 metres and was the silver medallist at the 2011 All-Africa Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Million_Hare", "text": "The Million Hare is a 1963 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck . It was directed by Robert McKimson and written by David Detiege . Clips from The Million Hare were used , with color commentary by John Madden and Pat Summerall , as part of the fourth quarter of the 2001 Cartoon Network special The Big Game XXIX : Bugs vs. Daffy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piratini", "text": "Piratini is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul with a population of some 19,000 . It is the former capital of the short-lived Riograndense Republic which was proclaimed on September 11 , 1836 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Making_Your_Mind_Up", "text": "Making Your Mind Up is a song by the British pop group Bucks Fizz . It was the winner of the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest and was composed by Andy Hill and John Danter . Released in March 1981 , it was Bucks Fizz 's debut single , the group having been formed just two months earlier . Following its win in the contest , the song reached No.1 in the UK and several other countries , eventually selling in excess of four million copies . It launched the career of the group , who went on to become one of the biggest selling acts of the 1980s and featured on their debut , self-titled album . The song sounds similar to the 1949 Dance Song The Hucklebuck From 2004 to 2007 the BBC used the name Making Your Mind Up for their Eurovision selection show in honour of the song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirivong_Sok_Sen_Chey", "text": "Kirivong Sok Sen Chey , is a football ( soccer ) club based Takeo Province , Cambodia . After withdrawal from the 2016 Cambodian League season , the team competed in the 2016 Cambodian Second League . The team won promotion and rejoined the 2017 Cambodian League , but did not experience much success and was relegated again . After a one year hiatus , it was announced by the FFC that the team was invited to compete in 2019 Cambodian League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Davy_Crockett", "text": "David Crockett ( August 17 , 1786 - March 6 , 1836 ) was an American folk hero , frontiersman , soldier , and politician . He is commonly referred to in popular culture by the epithet King of the Wild Frontier . He represented Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the Texas Revolution . Crockett grew up in East Tennessee , where he gained a reputation for hunting and storytelling . He was made a colonel in the militia of Lawrence County , Tennessee and was elected to the Tennessee state legislature in 1821 . In 1827 , he was elected to the U.S. Congress where he vehemently opposed many of the policies of President Andrew Jackson , especially the Indian Removal Act . Crockett 's opposition to Jackson 's policies led to his defeat in the 1831 elections . He was re-elected in 1833 , then narrowly lost in 1835 , prompting his angry departure to Texas ( then the Mexican state of Tejas ) shortly thereafter . In early 1836 , he took part in the Texas Revolution and was likely executed at the Battle of the Alamo after being captured by ( and possibly surrendering to ) the Mexican Army . Crockett became famous during his lifetime for larger-than-life exploits popularized by stage plays and almanacs . After his death , he continued to be credited with acts of mythical proportion . These led in the 20th century to television and movie portrayals , and he became one of the best-known American folk heroes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mostofa_Sarwar_Farooki", "text": "Mostofa Sarwar Farooki is a Bangladeshi film director , producer and screenwriter . His films Third Person Singular Number , Television , No Bed Of Roses were critically acclaimed across the world and received numerous international and national awards . He founded filmmakers ' movement called Chabial . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Between_Yesterday_and_Tomorrow_(film)", "text": "Between Yesterday and Tomorrow ( German : Zwischen gestern und morgen ) is a 1947 German drama film directed by Harald Braun and starring Hildegard Knef , Winnie Markus and Sybille Schmitz . In post-war Germany a group of former guests return to a luxurious Munich hotel where they are haunted by memories of their past interaction with Nelly Dreifuss , a Jewish woman who had died during the Nazi era . It was part of both the cycle of rubble films and subgenre of hotel films . As with many other German rubble films , it examines issues of collective guilt and future rebuilding . It was shot at the Bavaria Studios in Munich . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Robert Herlth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thatcham", "text": "Thatcham is an historic market town in the county of Berkshire , England , centred 3 miles ( 5 km ) east of Newbury , 14 miles ( 24 km ) west of Reading and 54 miles ( 87 km ) west of London . Its population grew rapidly in the second half of the 20th century : from 5,000 in 1951 and 7,500 in 1961 to 22,824 in 2001 . During World War II , Thatcham housed one of the biggest Prisoner of War camps in the South , known as camp 1001 . Thatcham straddles the River Kennet , the Kennet and Avon Canal , the A4 and the course of a Roman road . It is served by Thatcham railway station on the line between Reading and Newbury . Local employment is chiefly in light industrial premises , sales and distribution , retail and public sectors ; see also West Berkshire , its district . Although there are many primary schools in the area , the only secondary school in Thatcham is the Kennet School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sanford,_Colorado", "text": "Sanford is a Statutory Town in Conejos County , Colorado , United States . The population was 879 at the 2010 census . A post office called Sanford has been in operation since 1888 . The town was named after Silas Sanford Smith , a Mormon pioneer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xavier_University", "text": "Xavier University ( /ˈzeɪvjər/ ZAY-vyər ) is a Jesuit university in Cincinnati and Norwood , Ohio . It is the sixth-oldest Catholic and fourth-oldest Jesuit university in the United States . Xavier has an undergraduate enrollment of 4,485 students and graduate enrollment of 2,165 . It is primarily an undergraduate , liberal arts institution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Borussia-Park", "text": "Borussia-Park ( German pronunciation : [ boˈʁʊsi̯aːˌpaʁk ] ; stylised as BORUSSIA-PARK ) is a football stadium in Mönchengladbach , North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany which serves as the home stadium of Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach . It replaced the smaller Bökelbergstadion , which no longer satisfied modern safety standards and international requirements , in July 2004 . Borussia-Park has a capacity of 54,057 , of which 16,145 are standing places in the terraces due to popular demand . For international games , the terraces are converted into temporary seating which reduces stadium 's seating capacity to 46,249 . [ citation needed ] The new stadium features amenities such as VIP lounges , fanshop and sports bar , and cost 85 million euro to construct . Despite its large capacity and relative youth , the stadium missed out on holding matches during the 2006 World Cup , which Germany hosted . It was the largest capacity Bundesliga stadium not to host World Cup matches , although it did host matches in the 2011 Women 's World Cup . It faced the same destiny when there was selected venues for Germany 's first bid as united nation for the UEFA flagship event as EURO 2024 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tomasz_Kupisz", "text": "Tomasz Kupisz ( ; born 2 January 1990 ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Bari ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gedo", "text": "Gedo ( Somali : Gedo , Arabic : جيذو , Italian : Ghedo or Ghedu ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) , formerly part of the historic Upper Juba Region in southern Somalia . Its regional capital is Garbahaarreey . Gedo is a region created in 1970s and is bordered by the Ogaden in Ethiopia , the North Eastern Province in Kenya , and the Somali regions of Bakool , Bay , Jubbada Dhexe ( Middle Juba ) , and Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) further down east . The southern parts of Gedo , west of the Jubba River , used to be part of the old British Trans-Juba region during half of the seventy years of colonial era in Africa from 1890 to 1960 . The British and Italians fought over twice in this area of Horn of Africa . The first democratically elected governor of the administrative region occurred in a grassroots effort with Hussein Farey 's admission into office in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Eagles", "text": "The American Eagles are the athletics teams that represent the American University in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I competition . American is a member of the Patriot League in all sports except wrestling , where it is a member of the Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association . Many of the teams have gone on to win championships over the years , particularly their field hockey , volleyball , and wrestling teams . The team colors are red and blue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barcelona–El_Prat_Airport", "text": "Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport ( IATA : BCN , ICAO : LEBL ) ( Catalan : Aeroport Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat , Spanish : Aeropuerto Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat ) , previously named Barcelona-El Prat and also known as El Prat Airport , is an international airport located 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) southwest of the centre of Barcelona , lying in the municipalities of El Prat de Llobregat , Viladecans , and Sant Boi , in Catalonia , Spain , Europe . It has been named after a former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia , Josep Tarradellas , since 27 February 2019 . It is the second largest and busiest airport in Spain , and the sixth busiest in Europe . In 2019 , Barcelona Airport handled a record 52,686,314 million passengers , up 5.0% from 2018 . It is a hub for Level and Vueling , and a focus city for Air Europa , Iberia , EasyJet , Norwegian and Ryanair . The Barcelona-Madrid air shuttle service , known as the Puente Aéreo ( in Spanish ) , or Pont Aeri ( in Catalan ) literally Air Bridge , was the world 's busiest route until 2008 , with the highest number of flight operations ( 971 per week ) in 2007 . The schedule has been reduced since February 2008 , when a Madrid-Barcelona high-speed rail line was opened , covering the distance in 2 hours 30 minutes , and quickly became popular ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016–17_Purdue_Boilermakers_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2016-17 Purdue Boilermakers men 's basketball team represented Purdue University in the 2016-17 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . Their head coach was Matt Painter , in his 12th season with the Boilers . The team played their home games in Mackey Arena in West Lafayette , Indiana and were members of the Big Ten Conference . With their win over Indiana on February 28 , 2017 , Purdue clinched their first Big Ten Championship since 2009 , 22nd overall . With Wisconsin 's loss on March 2 , Purdue clinched an outright championship , their 23rd championship , the most in Big Ten history . They finished the season 27-8 , 14-4 in to win the Big Ten regular season championship . In the Big Ten Tournament , they lost in the quarterfinals to Michigan . They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament as the No . 4 seed in the Midwest Region where they beat Vermont and Iowa State to advance to the Sweet Sixteen . In their first trip to the Sweet Sixteen since 2010 , they lost to No . 1-seeded and No . 3-ranked Kansas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pike's_Stockade", "text": "Pike 's Stockade , located near Sanford , Colorado , on the Conejos River , about 45 miles southwest of Fort Garland , was built in 1807 . Here , the American flag was raised on Spanish soil by Zebulon Pike . The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961 . The stockade was reconstructed from notes in Pike 's journal and is maintained by the History Colorado ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roman_Chmelo", "text": "Roman Chmelo ( born 9 September 1980 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for 3 . Liga team KFC Kalná nad Hronom . He mainly plays as midfielder . He played for Arema in Indonesia and FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda which is one of the biggest team in the Slovakian League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Evansville,_Indiana", "text": "Evansville is a city in , and the county seat of , Vanderburgh County , Indiana . The population was 117,429 at the 2010 census , making it the state 's third-most populous city after Indianapolis and Fort Wayne , the largest city in Southern Indiana , and the 232nd-most populous city in the United States . It is the commercial , medical , and cultural hub of Southwestern Indiana and the Illinois-Indiana-Kentucky tri-state area , home to over 911,000 people . The 38th parallel crosses the north side of the city and is marked on Interstate 69 . Situated on an oxbow in the Ohio River , the city is often referred to as the Crescent Valley or River City . As a testament to the Ohio 's grandeur , early French explorers named it La Belle Rivière ( The Beautiful River ) . The area has been inhabited by various indigenous cultures for millennia , dating back at least 10,000 years . Angel Mounds was a permanent settlement of the Mississippian culture from 1000 AD to around 1400 AD . The European-American city was founded in 1812 . Three NYSE companies ( Accuride , Berry Global , and OneMain Financial ) are headquartered in Evansville , along with the global operations center for NYSE company Mead Johnson . Three other companies traded on the NASDAQ ( Escalade , Old National Bank , and Shoe Carnival ) are also headquartered in Evansville . The city is home to public and private enterprise in many areas , as Evansville serves as the region 's economic hub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Mullen", "text": "Martin Mullen ( August 22 , 1852 - October 27 , 1915 ) was an American professional baseball player for the Cleveland Forest Citys . He played in one game on August 17 , 1872 and was hitless in four at-bats , scoring one run . He played in right field for the game . His one appearance in the professional leagues was due to an accident . Rynie Wolters , the regular outfielder for the Forest Citys , swallowed his chaw of tobacco and could not play so Mullen , a local amateur player made his professional debut ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Le_Chien-ying", "text": "Lei Chien-ying ( Chinese : 雷千瑩 ; pinyin : Lei Qianying , born 17 April 1990 ) is a Taiwanese female archer . At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the women 's team event and women 's individual event . She also represented Chinese Taipei at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro winning a bronze medal in the women 's team event , with Tan Ya-Ting and Lin Shih-Chia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Copenhagen_Municipality", "text": "Copenhagen Municipality ( Danish : Københavns Kommune ) , also known in English as the Municipality of Copenhagen , located in the Capital Region of Denmark , is the largest of the four municipalities that constitute the City of Copenhagen ( Byen København ) , the other three being Dragør , Frederiksberg , and Tårnby . The Municipality of Copenhagen constitutes the historical city center and the majority of its landmarks . It is the most populous in the country with a population of 633,021 inhabitants ( as of October 2019 [ update ] ) , and covers 86.4 square kilometres ( 33.4 sq mi ) in area , . Copenhagen Municipality is located at the Zealand and Amager islands and totally surrounds Frederiksberg Municipality on all sides . The strait of Øresund lies to the east . The city of Copenhagen has grown far beyond the municipal boundaries from 1901 , when Frederiksberg Municipality was made an enclave within Copenhagen Municipality . The municipal seat of government is the Copenhagen City Hall ( Danish : Københavns Rådhus ) . The Lord Mayor of Copenhagen is Frank Jensen , since 2010 . The relationship between Copenhagen Municipality and the wider city of Copenhagen is one of an administrative unit within a significantly larger city , cf . the City of London or the City of Brussels . In the Middle Ages , Copenhagen was defined as the area enclosed within the city walls . The city centre lies in the area originally defined by the old ramparts , which are still referred to as the Fortification Ring ( Fæstningsringen ) and kept as a partial green band around it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Suburban_Songbook", "text": "Suburban Songbook is the second studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Kevin Mitchell , under the pseudonym Bob Evans , vocalist and guitarist for Perth band Jebediah . It was produced by Brad Jones ( Josh Rouse , Yo La Tengo , Sheryl Crow , Jill Sobule ) at the 'Alex the Great Studios ' in Nashville , Tennessee . At the 2006 ARIA Awards , Suburban Songbook won the Best Adult Contemporary Album and was nominated for a J Award by Triple J . Bob Evans was also nominated for an Australian Music Prize for the album . It debuted at # 15 on the ARIA album charts . In October 2010 , it was listed in the book , 100 Best Australian Albums . It was also re-released in a deluxe format featuring promotional clips and exclusive footage and audio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zdravko_Radulović", "text": "Zdravko Radulović ( born December 12 , 1966 ) is a Croatian former professional basketball player , who is now a coach . Radulović was born in Nikšić , SR Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia . At a height of 1.91 m ( 6 ' 3 ) tall , he played at the shooting guard position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan", "text": "Japan ( Japanese : 日本 , Nippon [ ɲippoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) or Nihon [ ɲihoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) ) is an island country located in East Asia . It is bordered by the Sea of Japan to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east , and spans more than 3,000 kilometers ( 1,900 mi ) along the coast of the continent from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Philippine Sea in the south . Part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , Japan encompasses a stratovolcanic archipelago of about 6,852 islands , with five main islands ( Hokkaido , Honshu , Kyushu , Shikoku , and Okinawa ) comprising 97% of the country 's total area of 377,975 square kilometers ( 145,937 sq mi ) . Japan is officially divided into 47 prefectures and traditionally into eight regions . Approximately two-thirds of the country 's terrain is mountainous and heavily forested , and less than one-eighth of land is suitable for agriculture . Consequently , Japan is among the most densely populated and urbanized countries in the world , with over 90% of its population living in urban areas . The largest of these is the metropolitan area centered on the capital city of Tokyo , which is the most populous in the world and home to more than 38 million people . Japan itself is the world 's eleventh most populous country with a population of 126.2 million , of which 97.8% are ethnically Japanese . The kanji ( or Chinese characters ) that make up the name of Japan in the Japanese language mean sun origin ; in the Western world , the country is often known by the sobriquet Land of the Rising Sun . Periods of influence from other regions , primarily China , followed by periods of isolation , particularly from Western Europe , have characterized the history of Japan . While archaeological evidence indicates that Japan was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period , the first written mention of the archipelago appears in Chinese texts from the first century AD . Between the fourth and ninth centuries , the kingdoms of Japan became gradually unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō ( modern Kyoto ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grete_Kirkeberg", "text": "Grete Jorunn Kirkeberg ( born 3 September 1964 ) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in marathon races and cross-country running . She was on the Norwegian team who won the silver medal at the 1994 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships , having finished 22nd in the individual race . Her highest place from the IAAF World Cross Country Championships was a fifteenth place from 1986 . In the team competition there she finished sixth in 1987 . She finished 21st in 10,000 metres at the 1986 European Championships and sixteenth in the marathon at the 1997 World Championships . She became Norwegian champion in 5000 m in 1985 , 1986 and 1992 , in 10,000 m in 1994 and 1996-1998 and in half marathon in 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tula,_Russia", "text": "Tula ( Russian : Тула , IPA : [ ˈtulə ] ) is an industrial city and the administrative center of Tula Oblast , Russia , located 193 kilometers ( 120 mi ) south of Moscow , on the Upa River . Population : 501,169 ( 2010 Census ) ; 481,216 ( 2002 Census ) ; 539,980 ( 1989 Census ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deanshanger", "text": "Deanshanger , pronounced deans-hanger , is a village and civil parish in South Northamptonshire , west-northwest of Milton Keynes . In 2007 it was joined with the civil parish of Wicken to form Deanshanger ward , returning two councillors . The population of the civil parish ( including Puxley ) at the 2011 census was 3,817 . Deanshanger is 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of London , 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Milton Keynes and 52 miles ( 83 km ) southeast of Birmingham ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005_AFC_Cup", "text": "The 2005 AFC Cup was the 2nd edition of the AFC Cup , playing between clubs from nations who are members of the Asian Football Confederation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Night_Watch_(2004_film)", "text": "Night Watch ( Russian : Ночной Дозор , Nochnoy Dozor ) is a 2004 Russian urban fantasy supernatural thriller film written by Timur Bekmambetov and Laeta Kalogridis and directed by Timur Bekmambetov . It is loosely based on the novel The Night Watch by Sergei Lukyanenko , and is followed by a sequel , Day Watch . It was Russia 's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , but was not accepted as a nominee . The film grossed $ 1.5 million in limited theatrical release in the United States , then significantly overperformed in United States home video market ( generated more than $ 9.5 million in home video sales and $ 12 million in home video rentals ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arrowtown", "text": "Arrowtown is a historic gold mining town in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand . Arrowtown is located on the banks of the Arrow River approximately 7.5 km from State Highway 6 . There is also road access directly to Queenstown via the Shotover Gorge and a third route via the picturesque Lake Hayes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hassani_Dotson", "text": "Hassani Dotson ( born August 6 , 1997 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Minnesota United FC of Major League Soccer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013–14_ISU_Speed_Skating_World_Cup_–_World_Cup_6", "text": "The sixth competition weekend of the 2013-14 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in the Thialf arena in Heerenveen , Netherlands , from Friday , 14 March , until Sunday , 16 March 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1993_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1993 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 13-0 , 1993 at Reunion Arena in Dallas , TX . Number 5 seed Texas Tech defeated 3 seed Houston 88-76 to win their 4th championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1993 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karluk,_Alaska", "text": "Karluk ( Kaluq or Kalut in Alutiiq ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Kodiak Borough , Kodiak Island , Alaska , United States . The population was 37 at the 2010 census , up from 27 in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Texas", "text": "Texas was admitted to the United States on December 29 , 1845 and elects its U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 2 . The state 's current senators are Republicans John Cornyn ( serving since 2002 ) and Ted Cruz ( serving since 2013 ) . A total of 27 Democrats , 7 Republicans , and 1 Liberal Republican have served or are serving as U.S. senators from Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Silver_Surfer", "text": "The Silver Surfer is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The character also appears in a number of movies , television , and video game adaptations . The character was created by Jack Kirby and first appeared in the comic book Fantastic Four # 48 , published in 1966 . The Silver Surfer is a humanoid alien with metallic skin who can travel through space with the aid of his surfboard-like craft . Originally a young astronomer named Norrin Radd on the planet Zenn-La , he saved his homeworld from the planet devourer , Galactus , by serving as his herald . Imbued in return with a tiny portion of Galactus 's Power Cosmic , Radd acquired vast power , a new body and a surfboard-like craft on which he could travel faster than light . Now known as the Silver Surfer , Radd roamed the cosmos searching for planets for Galactus to consume . When his travels took him to Earth , he met the Fantastic Four , who helped him rediscover his nobility of spirit . Betraying Galactus , the Surfer saved Earth but was exiled there as punishment . In 2011 , IGN ranked Silver Surfer 41st in its Top 100 Comic Heroes list . He was portrayed by Doug Jones and voiced by Laurence Fishburne in the 2007 film Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aries_(astrology)", "text": "Aries ( ♈ ) /ˈɛəriːz/ ( Latin for ram ) is the first astrological sign in the zodiac , spanning the first 30 degrees of celestial longitude ( 0°≤ λ < 30° ) , and originates from the constellation of the same name . Under the tropical zodiac , the Sun transits this sign from approximately March 20 to April 21 each year . This time duration is exactly the first month of the Solar Hijri calendar ( Hamal/Farvardin/Wray ) . According to the tropical system of astrology , the Sun enters the sign of Aries when it reaches the March equinox , which occurs on average on March 21 ( by design ) . Because the Earth takes approximately 365.24 days to go around the Sun , the precise time of the equinox is not the same each year , and generally will occur about six hours later from one year to the next until reset by a leap year . February 29 of a leap year causes that year 's vernal equinox to fall about eighteen hours earlier - according to the calendar - compared with the previous year . From 1800 to 2050 inclusive the vernal equinox date has ( or will ) range ( d ) from March 19 at 22:34 UT1 in 2048 to March 21 at 19:15 UT1 in 1903 . Under the sidereal zodiac , the sun currently [ when ? ] transits Aries from April 15 to 14 May ( approximately ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Dickson_(Canadian_politician)", "text": "Edward Dickson ( 1854-1903 ) was a merchant and political figure in Manitoba . He represented Lansdowne from 1888 to 1896 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal . The son of Thomas Dickson , a resident of Russell Township , Canada West , he worked in the lumber trade in Ontario before coming west to Winnipeg in 1881 as a bookkeeper for the Canadian Pacific Railway . Dickson operated a supply store in Oak Lake . He also served as a justice of the peace , as county clerk and as the first reeve for the Rural Municipality of Sifton . In 1890 , he married Emma May Horsman . Dickson developed a formula for smokeless gunpowder , forming the Robin Hood Powder Company in 1900 . He went on to establish the Robin Hood Arms Factory , which was later bought by Remington , in Swanton , Vermont . Dickson died in Swanton in 1903 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanriot_H.232", "text": "Hanriot H.230 was a French twin-engined advanced trainer . The construction of the aircraft was initiated in 1936 by Hanriot 's chief designer Montlaur . The aircraft was produced by the nationalized factory SNCAC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newton_Purcell", "text": "Newton Purcell is a village in the civil parish of Newton Purcell with Shelswell in Oxfordshire , 4 1⁄2 miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Brackley in neighbouring Northamptonshire . The 2001 Census recorded a parish population of 103 . The parish population from the 2011 Census is not available ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhya_Pradesh", "text": "Madhya Pradesh ( MP ; /ˌmʌdjə prəˈdɛʃ/ , Hindi : [ ˈmədʱjə pɾəˈdeːʃ ] ( listen ) ; meaning Central Province ) is a state in central India . Its capital is Bhopal , and the largest city is Indore , with Jabalpur , Gwalior , and Ujjain being the other major cities . Madhya Pradesh is the second largest Indian state by area and the fifth largest state by population with over 75 million residents . It borders the states of Uttar Pradesh to the northeast , Chhattisgarh to the southeast , Maharashtra to the south , Gujarat to the west , and Rajasthan to the northwest . Before 2000 , when Chhattisgarh was a part of Madhya Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh was the largest state in India and the distance between the two furthest points inside the state , Singoli and Konta , was 1500 km . The area covered by the present-day Madhya Pradesh includes the area of the ancient Avanti Mahajanapada , whose capital Ujjain ( also known as Avantika ) arose as a major city during the second wave of Indian urbanisation in the sixth century BCE . Subsequently , the region was ruled by the major dynasties of India . By the early 18th century , the region was divided into several small kingdoms which were captured by the British and incorporated into Central Provinces and Berar and the Central India Agency . After India 's independence , Madhya Pradesh state was created with Nagpur as its capital : this state included the southern parts of the present-day Madhya Pradesh and northeastern portion of today 's Maharashtra . In 1956 , this state was reorganised and its parts were combined with the states of Madhya Bharat , Vindhya Pradesh and Bhopal to form the new Madhya Pradesh state , the Marathi-speaking Vidarbha region was removed and merged with the then Bombay State . This state was the largest in India by area until 2000 , when its southeastern Chhattisgarh region was made as a separate state . The economy of Madhya Pradesh is the tenth-largest state economy in India with ₹8.09 lakh crore ( US $ 110 billion ) in gross domestic product and a per capita GDP of ₹90,000 ( US $ 1,300 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lexington_Legends", "text": "The Lexington Legends are a Minor League Baseball team in the South Atlantic League ( SAL ) , and the Class A affiliate of the Kansas City Royals . The team is located in Lexington , Kentucky , and plays their home games at Whitaker Bank Ballpark , located in a commercial area on the northeast side of the city just inside New Circle Road . The team 's mascot is Big L , a mustachioed baseball player and his best friend is Pee Wee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sak_Sutsakhan", "text": "General Sak Sutsakhan ( 8 February 1928 - 29 April 1994 ) was a Cambodian politician and soldier who had a long career in the country 's politics . He was the last Head of State of the Khmer Republic , the regime overthrown by the Khmer Rouge in 1975 . Sak Sutsakhan formed a pro-US force known as the Khmer Sâ ( White Khmer ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Larsson_(footballer_born_1984)", "text": "Peter Larsson ( born 30 April 1984 in Halmstad ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Halmstads BK as a centre back ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Braunschweig", "text": "Braunschweig ( German pronunciation : [ ˈbʁaʊnʃvaɪk ] ( listen ) ; Low German : Brunswiek [ ˈbrɔˑnsviːk ] ) , also called Brunswick ( /ˈbrʌnzwɪk/ ) in English , is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany , north of the Harz mountains at the farthest navigable point of the Oker River which connects it to the North Sea via the Aller and Weser Rivers . In 2016 , it had a population of 250,704 . A powerful and influential centre of commerce in medieval Germany , Braunschweig was a member of the Hanseatic League from the 13th until the 17th century . It was the capital city of three successive states : the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel ( 1269-1432 , 1754-1807 , and 1813-1814 ) , the Duchy of Brunswick ( 1814-1918 ) , and the Free State of Brunswick ( 1918-1946 ) . Today , Braunschweig is the second-largest city in Lower Saxony and a major centre of scientific research and development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlie_Hebdo_shooting", "text": "On 7 January 2015 at about 11:30am CET local time , two brothers , Saïd and Chérif Kouachi , forced their way into the offices of the French satirical weekly newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris . Armed with rifles and other weapons , they killed 12 people and injured 11 others . The gunmen identified themselves as belonging to the Islamic terrorist group Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which took responsibility for the attack . Several related attacks followed in the Île-de-France region on 7-9 January 2015 , including the Hypercacher kosher supermarket siege where a terrorist held 19 hostages , of whom he murdered 4 Jewish people . France raised its Vigipirate terror alert and deployed soldiers in Île-de-France and Picardy . A major manhunt led to the discovery of the suspects , who exchanged fire with police . The brothers took hostages at a signage company in Dammartin-en-Goële on 9 January and were shot dead when they emerged from the building firing . On 11 January , about two million people , including more than 40 world leaders , met in Paris for a rally of national unity , and 3.7 million people joined demonstrations across France . The phrase Je suis Charlie became a common slogan of support at the rallies and in social media . The staff of Charlie Hebdo continued with the publication , and the following issue print ran 7.95 million copies in six languages , compared to its typical print run of 60,000 in only French ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guillaume_de_Court", "text": "Guillaume Court ( died 1361 ) was a French Cistercian theologian and Cardinal . He was briefly bishop of Nîmes , and then bishop of Albi , in 1337 , but only for a year , as Pope Benedict XII shortly elevated him to the cardinalate . He was the nephew of Benedict , who as Jacques Fournier had been a bishop of Mirepoix active in hunting heresy in south-west France ; and in any case was a countryman and supporter in these activities . Subsequently he investigated several cases of Franciscan spirituals under suspicion . The major work Liber secretorum eventuum of Joannes de Rupescissa was written to his order . In decisions of an Avignon theological tribune he headed in 1354 , Joannes de Rupescissa was cleared ; John of Castillon and Francis of Arquata were condemned and burned ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Jodi_Jones", "text": "The murder of Jodi Jones , a 14-year-old girl , took place in Easthouses , Scotland on 30 June 2003 . Her 15-year-old boyfriend , Luke Mitchell , came under suspicion , but it was several months before he was arrested . Mitchell was tried for the murder and after Scotland 's longest single-accused trial , Mitchell was convicted in January 2005 . ( Prior to the trial of Malcolm Webster which surpassed Mitchells case as the longest single-accused trial ) . He was sentenced to detention without limit of time with a minimum of 20 years even though there was no DNA evidence . Luke continues to protest his innocence and has insisted he will only walk out of jail a free man . He will not accept liability for early release or parole . Luke and his mother passed a lie ditector test regarding Jones 's death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Game_of_Thrones", "text": "Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss for HBO . It is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire , George R. R. Martin 's series of fantasy novels , the first of which is A Game of Thrones . The show was both produced and filmed in Belfast and elsewhere in the United Kingdom . Filming locations also included Canada , Croatia , Iceland , Malta , Morocco , and Spain . The series premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17 , 2011 , and concluded on May 19 , 2019 , with 73 episodes broadcast over eight seasons . Set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos , Game of Thrones has several plots and a large ensemble cast and follows several story arcs . One arc is about the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms and follows a web of alliances and conflicts among the noble dynasties either vying to claim the throne or fighting for independence from it . Another focuses on the last descendant of the realm 's deposed ruling dynasty , who has been exiled and is plotting a return to the throne , while another story arc follows the Night 's Watch , a brotherhood defending the realm against the fierce peoples and legendary creatures of the North . Game of Thrones attracted a record viewership on HBO and has a broad , active , and international fan base . The series was acclaimed by critics for its acting , complex characters , story , scope , and production values , although its frequent use of nudity and violence ( including sexual violence ) was criticized ; the final season received further criticism for its condensed story and creative decisions , with many considering it a disappointing conclusion . The series received 58 Primetime Emmy Awards , the most by a drama series , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 , 2016 , 2018 , 2019 . Its other awards and nominations include three Hugo Awards for Best Dramatic Presentation ( 2012-2014 ) , a 2011 Peabody Award , and five nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series - Drama ( 2012 and 2015-2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shijiazhuang", "text": "Shijiazhuang ( Chinese : 石家庄 , [ ʂɻ̩̌.tɕjá.ʈʂwáŋ ] ) is the capital and largest city of North China 's Hebei Province . Administratively a prefecture-level city , it is about 266 kilometres ( 165 mi ) southwest of Beijing , and it administers eight districts , two county-level cities , and 12 counties . As of 2015 it had a total population of 10,701,600 with 4,303,700 in the central ( or metro ) area comprising the seven districts and the county of Zhengding largely conurbated with the Shijiazhuang metropolitan area as urbanization continues to proliferate . Shijiazhuang 's total population ranked twelfth in mainland China . Shijiazhuang experienced dramatic growth after the founding of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 . The population of the metropolitan area has more than quadrupled in 30 years [ citation needed ] as a result of industrialization and infrastructural developments . From 2008 to 2011 , Shijiazhuang implemented a three-year plan which concluded with the reorganization of the city resulting in an increase of green areas and new buildings and roads . A train station , airport and a subway system have been opened . Shijiazhuang is situated east of the Taihang Mountains , a mountain range extending over 400 km ( 250 mi ) from north to south with an average elevation of 1,500 to 2,000 m ( 4,900 to 6,600 ft ) , making Shijiazhuang a place for hiking , outdoor trips , and cycling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angels_&_Demons_(film)", "text": "Angels & Demons is a 2009 American mystery thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by Akiva Goldsman and David Koepp , based on Dan Brown 's novel of the same title . It is the sequel to the 2006 film The Da Vinci Code , also directed by Howard , and the second installment in the Robert Langdon film series . However , the novel version was published first and acts as a prequel to The Da Vinci Code novel . Filming took place in Rome , Italy , and the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City , California . Tom Hanks reprises his role as Professor Robert Langdon , while Ayelet Zurer stars as Dr. Vittoria Vetra , a CERN scientist joining Langdon in the quest to recover a missing vial of antimatter from a mysterious Illuminati terrorist . Producer Brian Grazer , composer Hans Zimmer and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman also return , with David Koepp coming on board to help the latter . The film grossed $ 485 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics . A sequel , titled Inferno , was released on October 28 , 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Panama", "text": "Panama ( /ˈpænəmɑː/ ( listen ) PAN-ə-mah , /pænəˈmɑː/ pan-ə-MAH ; Spanish : Panamá IPA : [ panaˈma ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Panama ( Spanish : República de Panamá ) , is a transcontinental country in Central America and South America , bordered by Costa Rica to the west , Colombia to the southeast , the Caribbean Sea to the north , and the Pacific Ocean to the south . The capital and largest city is Panama City , whose metropolitan area is home to nearly half the country 's 4 million people . Panama was inhabited by indigenous tribes before Spanish colonists arrived in the 16th century . It broke away from Spain in 1821 and joined the Republic of Gran Colombia , a union of Nueva Granada , Ecuador , and Venezuela . After Gran Colombia dissolved in 1831 , Panama and Nueva Granada eventually became the Republic of Colombia . With the backing of the United States , Panama seceded from Colombia in 1903 , allowing the construction of the Panama Canal to be completed by the US Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914 . The 1977 Torrijos-Carter Treaties led to the transfer of the Canal from the United States to Panama on December 31 , 1999 . Revenue from canal tolls continues to represent a significant portion of Panama 's GDP , although commerce , banking , and tourism are major and growing sectors . It is regarded as a high-income country . In 2018 Panama ranked 66th in the world in terms of the Human Development Index . In 2018 , Panama was ranked seventh-most competitive economy in Latin America , according to the World Economic Forum 's Global Competitiveness Index . Covering around 40 percent of its land area , Panama 's jungles are home to an abundance of tropical plants and animals - some of them found nowhere else on earth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Order_of_the_British_Empire", "text": "The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is a British order of chivalry , rewarding contributions to the arts and sciences , work with charitable and welfare organisations , and public service outside the civil service . It was established on 4 June 1917 by King George V and comprises five classes across both civil and military divisions , the most senior two of which make the recipient either a knight if male or dame if female . There is also the related British Empire Medal , whose recipients are affiliated with , but not members of the order . Recommendations for appointments to the Order of the British Empire were originally made on the nomination of the United Kingdom , the self-governing Dominions of the Empire ( later Commonwealth ) and the Viceroy of India . Nominations continue today from Commonwealth countries that participate in recommending British ( Imperial ) honours . Most Commonwealth countries ceased recommendations for appointments to the Order of the British Empire when they created their own honours . [ a ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Rubano", "text": "Rubano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Venice and about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northwest of Padua . As of 31 December 2011 , it had a population of 15,669 and an area of 14.6 square kilometres ( 5.6 sq mi ) . The municipality of Rubano contains the frazioni ( subdivisions , mainly villages and hamlets ) Sarmeola , Bosco , and Villaguattera . Rubano borders the following municipalities : Mestrino , Padua , Saccolongo , Selvazzano Dentro , Villafranca Padovana ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Population", "text": "In biology a population is all the organisms of the same group or species , which live in a particular geographical area . The area of a sexual population is the area where inter-breeding is potentially possible between any pair within the area , and where the probability of interbreeding is greater than the probability of cross-breeding with individuals from other areas . In sociology , population refers to a collection of humans and their entire race . Demography is a social science which entails the statistical study of populations . Population , in a more simple term , is the number of people in a city or town , region , country or world ; population is usually determined by a process called census ( a process of collecting , analyzing , compiling and publishing data ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Afghan_War_documents_leak", "text": "The Afghan War documents leak , also called the Afghan War Diary , is the disclosure of a collection of internal U.S. military logs of the War in Afghanistan , which were published by WikiLeaks on 25 July 2010 . The logs consist of over 91,000 Afghan War documents , covering the period between January 2004 and December 2009 . Most of the documents are classified secret . As of 28 July 2010 , only 75,000 of the documents have been released to the public , a move which WikiLeaks says is part of a harm minimization process demanded by [ the ] source . Prior to releasing the initial 75,000 documents , WikiLeaks made the logs available to The Guardian , The New York Times and Der Spiegel in its German and English online edition , which published reports in line with an agreement made earlier the same day , 25 July 2010 . The leak , which is considered to be one of the largest in U.S. military history , revealed information on the deaths of civilians , increased Taliban attacks , and involvement by Pakistan and Iran in the insurgency . WikiLeaks says it does not know the source of the leaked data . The three outlets which had received the documents in advance , The New York Times , The Guardian , and Der Spiegel , have all concluded that they are genuine when compared with independent reports . The New York Times described the leak as a six-year archive of classified military documents [ that ] offers an unvarnished and grim picture of the Afghan war . The Guardian called the material one of the biggest leaks in U.S. military history . a devastating portrait of the failing war in Afghanistan , revealing how coalition forces have killed hundreds of civilians in unreported incidents , Taliban attacks have soared and NATO commanders fear neighbouring Pakistan and Iran are fuelling the insurgency . Der Spiegel wrote that the editors in chief of Spiegel , The New York Times and the Guardian were 'unanimous in their belief that there is a justified public interest in the material ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Totten,_New_York", "text": "Fort Totten is a former active United States Army installation in the New York City borough of Queens . It is located on the Willets Point peninsula on the north shore of Long Island . Fort Totten is at the head of Little Neck Bay , where the East River widens to become Long Island Sound . While the U.S. Army Reserve continues to maintain a presence at the fort , the property is now owned by the City of New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wales", "text": "Wales ( Welsh : Cymru [ ˈkəmri ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It is bordered by England to the east , the Irish Sea to the north and west , and the Bristol Channel to the south . It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of 20,779 km2 ( 8,023 sq mi ) . Wales has over 1,680 miles ( 2,700 km ) of coastline and is largely mountainous with its higher peaks in the north and central areas , including Snowdon ( Yr Wyddfa ) , its highest summit . The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable , maritime climate . Welsh national identity emerged among the Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century , and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations . Llywelyn ap Gruffudd 's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England 's conquest of Wales , though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to Wales in the early 15th century . The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 . Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century . Welsh Liberalism , exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George , was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party . Welsh national feeling grew over the century ; Plaid Cymru was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962 . Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998 , the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Swan-class_sloop", "text": "The Black Swan class and Modified Black Swan class were two classes of sloop of the Royal Navy and Royal Indian Navy . Twelve Black Swans were launched between 1939 and 1943 , including four for the Royal Indian Navy ; twenty-five Modified Black Swans were launched between 1942 and 1945 , including two for the Royal Indian Navy ; several other ships were cancelled ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huetstock", "text": "The Huetstock ( also known as Wild Geissberg ) is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located on the border between Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland . It is located between the valleys of Melchtal and Engelberg , just north of the Rotsandnollen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HK_2016_Trebišov", "text": "HK 2016 Trebišov is an ice hockey team in Trebišov , Slovakia . They play in the Slovak 2.Liga , the third level of ice hockey in the country . The club was re-established as HK 2016 Trebišov in 2016 , after three years . The club was founded as AZD VTJ Trebišov in 1992 . They changed their name to HK Trebišov in 2006 and to current HK 2016 Trebišov in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hanover,_Germany", "text": "Hanover or Hannover ( /ˈhænoʊvər , -nəv-/ ; German : Hannover [ haˈnoːfɐ ] ( listen ) ; Low German : Hannober ) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Lower Saxony . Its 535,061 ( 2017 ) inhabitants make it the thirteenth-largest city in Germany as well as the third-largest city in Northern Germany after Hamburg and Bremen . The city lies at the confluence of the River Leine ( progression : Aller→ Weser→ North Sea ) and its tributary Ihme , in the south of the North German Plain , and is the largest city in the Hannover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg Metropolitan Region . It is the fifth-largest city in the Low German dialect area after Hamburg , Dortmund , Essen and Bremen . Before it became the capital of Lower Saxony in 1946 Hanover was the capital of the Principality of Calenberg ( 1636-1692 ) , the Electorate of Hanover ( 1692-1814 ) , the Kingdom of Hanover ( 1814-1866 ) , the Province of Hanover of the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1868-1918 ) , the Province of Hanover of the Free State of Prussia ( 1918-1946 ) and of the State of Hanover ( 1946 ) . From 1714 to 1837 Hanover was by personal union the family seat of the Hanoverian Kings of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , under their title of the dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( later described as the Elector of Hanover ) . The city is a major crossing point of railway lines and motorways ( Autobahnen ) , connecting European main lines in both the east-west ( Berlin-Ruhr area/Düsseldorf/Cologne ) and north-south ( Hamburg-Frankfurt/Stuttgart/Munich ) directions . Hannover Airport lies north of the city , in Langenhagen , and is Germany 's ninth-busiest airport . The city 's most notable institutes of higher education are the Hannover Medical School with its university hospital ( Klinikum der Medizinischen Hochschule Hannover ) and the Leibniz University Hannover . The Hanover fairground , owing to numerous extensions , especially for the Expo 2000 , is the largest in the world . Hanover hosts annual commercial trade fairs such as the Hanover Fair and up to 2018 the CeBIT . The IAA Commercial Vehicles show takes place every two years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rudolf_Schmid_(luger)", "text": "Rudolf Schmid ( 21 March 1951 in Liezen - 21 October 2014 ) was an Austrian luger who competed during the mid-1970s . Teamed with Franz Schachner together they won the bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 Winter Olympics of Innsbruck . Schmid also won two bronze medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Championships ( 1974 , 1975 ) . He also won two medals at the FIL European Luge Championships with a silver in men 's doubles ( 1970 ) and a bronze in men 's singles ( 1974 ) . On 21 October 2014 Schmid was killed in a cycling accident in Oberwart , Austria at the age of 64 . His brother Manfred won the men 's singles luge gold at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nuclear_power_plant", "text": "A nuclear power plant is a thermal power station in which the heat source is a nuclear reactor . As is typical of thermal power stations , heat is used to generate steam that drives a steam turbine connected to a generator that produces electricity . As of 2014 [ update ] , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported there were 450 nuclear power reactors in operation in 31 countries . Nuclear plants are usually considered to be base load stations since fuel is a small part of the cost of production and because they can not be easily or quickly dispatched . Their operations and maintenance and fuel costs are , along with hydropower stations , at the low end of the spectrum and make them suitable as base-load power suppliers . The cost of spent fuel management , however , is somewhat uncertain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Argonne_National_Laboratory", "text": "Argonne National Laboratory is a science and engineering research national laboratory operated by the University of Chicago Argonne LLC for the United States Department of Energy located in Lemont , Illinois , outside Chicago . It is the largest national laboratory by size and scope in the Midwest . Argonne was initially formed to carry out Enrico Fermi 's work on nuclear reactors as part of the Manhattan Project , and it was designated as the first national laboratory in the United States on July 1 , 1946 . In the post-war era the lab focused primarily on non-weapon related nuclear physics , designing and building the first power-producing nuclear reactors , helping design the reactors used by the USA 's nuclear navy , and a wide variety of similar projects . In 1994 , the lab 's nuclear mission ended , and today it maintains a broad portfolio in basic science research , energy storage and renewable energy , environmental sustainability , supercomputing , and national security . UChicago Argonne , LLC , the operator of the laboratory , brings together the expertise of the University of Chicago ( the sole member of the LLC ) with Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Argonne is a part of the expanding Illinois Technology and Research Corridor . Argonne formerly ran a smaller facility called Argonne National Laboratory-West ( or simply Argonne-West ) in Idaho next to the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory . In 2005 , the two Idaho-based laboratories merged to become the Idaho National Laboratory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiago_Monteiro", "text": "Tiago Vagaroso da Costa Monteiro ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ tiˈaɣu mõˈtɐjɾu ] ; born 24 July 1976 ) is a Portuguese professional racing driver currently competing in the World Touring Car Cup , driving a Honda Civic TCR for KCMG . He competed in Formula One between 2005 and 2006 for the Jordan Grand Prix , Midland and Spyker MF1 teams - all different iterations of the same team as it was bought by new owners during a two-year stint as part of the Formula One paddock . He is the only Portuguese driver to have scored a Formula One podium finish . Monteiro started racing in the World Touring Car Championship in 2007 with Seat Sport , and remained with the Spanish manufacturer until 2012 , when he switched to the new Honda team late in the season . He still remains with the Japanese manufacturer in 2019 , having achieved his best championship finish of third in 2016 , and also helped Honda to win the manufacturers ' championship in 2013 . He was leading the drivers ' championship after 12 races in 2017 , but injuries sustained in a crash in testing forced him to withdraw from the rest of the season . Monteiro is a 12-time World Touring Car race winner and achieved the eighth most wins in the WTCC , until it became the World Touring Car Cup in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liverpool", "text": "Liverpool is a city and metropolitan borough in Merseyside , England . As of 2018 , the population is approximately 494,814 . Liverpool is the ninth-largest English district by population , and the largest in Merseyside and the Liverpool City Region . It lies within the United Kingdom 's sixth-most populous urban area . Liverpool 's metropolitan area is the fifth-largest in the United Kingdom , with a population of 2.24 million . Liverpool is on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary , and historically lay within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the southwest of the county of Lancashire in North West England . It became a borough in 1207 and a city in 1880 . In 1889 , it became a county borough independent of Lancashire . Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution . Along with handling general cargo , freight , and raw materials such as coal and cotton , the city merchants were involved in the Atlantic slave trade . In the 19th century , it was a major port of departure for English and Irish emigrants to North America . Liverpool was home to both the Cunard and White Star Line , and was the port of registry of the ocean liners RMS Titanic , RMS Lusitania , RMS Queen Mary , and RMS Olympic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wide_Receiver", "text": "A wide receiver , also referred to as wideouts or simply receivers , is an offensive position in gridiron football , and is a key player . They get their name because they are split out wide ( near the sidelines ) , farthest away from the rest of the team . Wide receivers are among the fastest players on the field . The wide receiver functions as the pass-catching specialist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Captain_(naval)", "text": "Captain is the name most often given in English-speaking navies to the rank corresponding to command of the largest ships . The rank is equal to the army rank of colonel . Equivalent ranks worldwide include ship-of-the-line captain ( e.g . France , Argentina , Spain ) , captain of sea and war ( e.g . Portugal ) , captain at sea ( e.g . Germany , Netherlands ) and captain of the first rank ( Russia ) . The NATO rank code is OF-5 , although the United States of America uses the code O-6 for the equivalent rank ( as they do for all OF-5 ranks ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Waking_Eyes", "text": "The Waking Eyes is a Canadian rock band from Winnipeg and Steinbach , Manitoba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1984 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , California , United States ( and other venues around the United States ) . This was the second time that Los Angeles had hosted the Games , the first being in 1932 . California was the home state of then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan , who officially opened the Games . The logo for the 1984 Games , branded Stars in Motion , featured red , white and blue stars arranged horizontally and struck through with alternating streaks . The official mascot of the Games was Sam the Olympic Eagle . These were the first Summer Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Juan Antonio Samaranch . The 1984 Games were boycotted by a total of fourteen Eastern Bloc countries , including the Soviet Union and East Germany , in response to the American-led boycott of the previous 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan ; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc nation that opted to attend the Games . Iran and Libya also chose to boycott the Games for unrelated reasons . Despite the field being depleted in certain sports due to the boycott , 140 National Olympic Committees took part , which was a record at the time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , followed by Romania and West Germany . The 1984 Summer Olympics are widely considered to be the most financially successful modern Olympics and served as an example of how to run the model Olympic Games . As a result of low construction costs , coupled with a reliance on private corporate funding , the 1984 Olympic Games generated a profit of more than $ 250 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Birch_Bayh", "text": "Birch Evans Bayh Jr. ( /baɪ/ ; January 22 , 1928 - March 14 , 2019 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as U.S . Senator from Indiana from 1963 to 1981 . He was first elected to office in 1954 , when he won election to the Indiana House of Representatives ; in 1958 , he was elected Speaker , the youngest person to hold that office in the state 's history . In 1962 , he ran for the U.S. Senate , narrowly defeating incumbent Republican Homer E. Capehart . Shortly after entering the Senate , he became Chairman of the Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments , and in that role authored two constitutional amendments : the twenty-fifth - which establishes procedures for an orderly transition of power in the case of the death , disability , or resignation of the President of the United States - and the twenty-sixth , which lowered the voting age to 18 throughout the United States . He is the only non-Founding Father to have authored two constitutional amendments . Bayh also led unsuccessful efforts to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment and eliminate the Electoral College . Bayh authored Title IX of the Higher Education Act of 1965 , which bans gender discrimination in higher education institutions that receive federal funding . He also authored the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act , and co-authored the Bayh-Dole Act , which deals with intellectual property that arises from federal-government-funded research . Bayh voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1968 , as well as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the confirmation of Thurgood Marshall to the U.S. Supreme Court . He led the Senate opposition to the nominations of Clement Haynsworth and G. Harrold Carswell , two of Richard Nixon 's unsuccessful Supreme Court nominees . Bayh intended to seek the Democratic presidential nomination in 1972 , but declined to run after his wife was diagnosed with cancer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Five_Star", "text": "Five Star ( also styled as 5 Star ) are a British pop group , formed in 1983 and comprising siblings Stedman , Lorraine , Denise , Doris and Delroy Pearson . Between 1985 and 1988 , Five Star had four Top 20 albums and 15 Top 40 singles in the UK , including the Top 10 hits System Addict ( 1986 ) , Ca n't Wait Another Minute ( 1986 ) , Find the Time ( 1986 ) , Rain or Shine ( 1986 ) , Stay Out of My Life ( 1987 ) and The Slightest Touch ( 1987 ) . They won the 1987 Brit Award for Best British Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Phillies", "text": "The Philadelphia Phillies are an American professional baseball team based in Philadelphia . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the National League ( NL ) East division . Since 2004 , the team 's home stadium has been Citizens Bank Park , located in South Philadelphia . The Phillies are the oldest , continuous , one-name , one-city franchise in American professional sports . The Phillies have won two World Series championships ( against the Kansas City Royals in 1980 and the Tampa Bay Rays in 2008 ) and seven National League pennants , the first of which came in 1915 . Since the first modern World Series was played in 1903 , the Phillies played 77 consecutive seasons ( and 97 seasons from the club 's establishment ) before they won their first World Series - longer than any of the other 16 teams that made up the major leagues for the first half of the 20th century . They are one of the more successful franchises since the start of the Divisional Era in Major League Baseball . The Phillies have won 11 division titles , including five consecutive division titles from 2007 to 2011 ; these are ranked sixth among all teams and fourth in the National League . The franchise was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 , replacing the team from Worcester , Massachusetts , in the National League . The team has played at several stadiums in the city , beginning with Recreation Park and continuing at Baker Bowl ; Shibe Park , which was later renamed Connie Mack Stadium in honor of the longtime Philadelphia Athletics manager ; Veterans Stadium , and now Citizens Bank Park . The team 's spring training facilities are located in Clearwater , Florida , where its Class-A minor league affiliate Clearwater Threshers plays at Spectrum Field . Other Class-A affiliates are the Lakewood BlueClaws , who play in Lakewood , New Jersey , and the Williamsport Crosscutters , who play in Williamsport , Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Folio-size", "text": "Bookbinding is the process of physically assembling a book of codex format from an ordered stack of paper sheets that are folded together into sections or sometimes left as a stack of individual sheets . The stack is then bound together along one edge by either sewing with thread through the folds or by a layer of flexible adhesive . Alternative methods of binding that are cheaper but less permanent include loose-leaf rings , individual screw posts or binding posts , twin loop spine coils , plastic spiral coils , and plastic spine combs . For protection , the bound stack is either wrapped in a flexible cover or attached to stiff boards . Finally , an attractive cover is adhered to the boards , including identifying information and decoration . Book artists or specialists in book decoration can also greatly enhance a book 's content by creating book-like objects with artistic merit of exceptional quality . Before the computer age , the bookbinding trade involved two divisions . First , there was stationery binding ( known as vellum binding in the trade ) that deals with books intended for handwritten entries such as accounting ledgers , business journals , blank books , and guest log books , along with other general office stationery such as note books , manifold books , day books , diaries , portfolios , etc . Computers have now replaced the pen and paper based accounting that constituted most of the stationery binding industry . Second was letterpress binding which deals with making books intended for reading , including library binding , fine binding , edition binding , and publisher 's bindings . A third division deals with the repair , restoration , and conservation of old used bindings . Today , modern bookbinding is divided between hand binding by individual craftsmen working in a shop and commercial bindings mass-produced by high-speed machines in a factory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oshiage_Station", "text": "Oshiage Station ( 押上駅 , Oshiage-eki ) is a railway station in Sumida , Tokyo , Japan , jointly operated by Tokyo Metro , Tobu Railway , Toei , and Keisei Electric Railway . It is adjacent to the Tokyo Skytree complex ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orson_Welles", "text": "George Orson Welles ( May 6 , 1915 - October 10 , 1985 ) was an American actor , director , writer and producer who is remembered for his innovative work in radio , theatre and film . He is considered one of the greatest filmmakers of all time . While in his twenties Welles directed a number of high-profile stage productions for the Federal Theatre Project , including an adaptation of Macbeth with an entirely African American cast and the political musical The Cradle Will Rock . In 1937 he and John Houseman founded the Mercury Theatre , an independent repertory theatre company that presented a series of productions on Broadway through 1941 , including Caesar ( 1937 ) , a Broadway adaptation of William Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar . In 1938 , his radio anthology series The Mercury Theatre on the Air gave Welles the platform to find international fame as the director and narrator of a radio adaptation of H. G. Wells 's novel The War of the Worlds , which caused widespread panic because many listeners thought that an invasion by extraterrestrial beings was actually occurring . Although some contemporary sources say these reports of panic were mostly false and overstated , they rocketed Welles to notoriety . His first film was Citizen Kane ( 1941 ) , which is consistently ranked as the greatest film ever made , which he co-wrote , produced , directed and starred in as Charles Foster Kane . Welles released twelve other features , the most acclaimed of which include The Magnificent Ambersons ( 1942 ) , The Lady from Shanghai ( 1947 ) , Touch of Evil ( 1958 ) , The Trial ( 1962 ) , Chimes at Midnight ( 1966 ) and F for Fake ( 1973 ) . His distinctive directorial style featured layered and nonlinear narrative forms , uses of lighting such as chiaroscuro , unusual camera angles , sound techniques borrowed from radio , deep focus shots and long takes . He has been praised as the ultimate auteur . :6 Welles was an outsider to the studio system , and struggled for creative control on his projects early on with the major film studios in Hollywood and later in life with a variety of independent financiers across Europe , where he spent most of his career . Many of his films were either heavily edited or remained unreleased ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wings_(band)", "text": "Paul McCartney and Wings ( also known by their original name Wings ) were a British-American rock band formed in 1971 by former Beatle Paul McCartney , his wife Linda on keyboards , session drummer Denny Seiwell , and former Moody Blues guitarist Denny Laine . Wings were noted for frequent personnel changes along with their commercial successes , going through three lead guitarists and four drummers . However , the core trio of the McCartneys and Laine remained intact throughout the group 's existence . Created following the McCartneys ' 1971 album Ram , the band 's first two albums , Wild Life ( 1971 ) and Red Rose Speedway ( 1973 ) ( the latter featuring guitarist Henry McCullough ) , were viewed as artistic disappointments beside Paul 's work with the Beatles . After the release of the title track of the James Bond movie Live and Let Die , McCullough and Seiwell resigned from the band . The McCartneys and Laine then released 1973 's Band on the Run , a commercial and critical success that spawned two top ten singles in Jet and the title track . Following that album , the band recruited guitarist Jimmy McCulloch and drummer Geoff Britton , only for Britton to quit shortly afterwards and be replaced by Joe English . With the new line-up , Wings released 1975 's Venus and Mars , which included the US number one single Listen to What the Man Said , and undertook a highly successful world tour over 1975-76 . Intended as more of a group effort , Wings at the Speed of Sound ( 1976 ) was issued midway through the tour and featured the hit singles Silly Love Songs and Let 'Em In . In 1977 , the band earned their only UK number one single , with Mull of Kintyre , which became the then-best-selling UK single in history . Wings experienced another line-up shuffle , however , with both McCulloch and English departing before the release of the group 's 1978 album London Town . The McCartneys and Laine again added new members , recruiting guitarist Laurence Juber and drummer Steve Holley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toronto_Raptors", "text": "The Toronto Raptors are a Canadian professional basketball team based in Toronto . The Raptors compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division . They play their home games at the Scotiabank Arena , which they share with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The team was founded in 1995 as part of the NBA 's expansion into Canada , along with the Vancouver Grizzlies . Since the 2001-02 season , the Raptors have been the only Canadian-based team in the league , as the Grizzlies relocated from Vancouver to Memphis , Tennessee . As with most expansion teams , the Raptors struggled in their early years ; but after the acquisition of Vince Carter through a draft-day trade in 1998 , the franchise set league-attendance records and made the NBA playoffs in 2000 , 2001 , and 2002 . Carter was instrumental in leading the team to their first playoff series win in 2001 , where they advanced to the Eastern Conference semifinals . During the 2002-03 and 2003-04 seasons , they failed to make significant progress , and Carter was traded in 2004 to the New Jersey Nets . After Carter left , Chris Bosh emerged as the team leader . For the 2006-07 season , Bryan Colangelo was appointed as general manager , and through a combination of Bosh , 2006 first overall draft pick Andrea Bargnani , and a revamp of the roster , the Raptors qualified for their first playoff berth in five years , capturing the Atlantic Division title . In the 2007-08 season , they also advanced to the playoffs but failed to reach the post-season in each of the next five seasons . Colangelo overhauled the team 's roster for the 2009-10 season in a bid to persuade pending free agent Bosh to stay , but Bosh departed to sign with the Miami Heat in July 2010 , ushering in yet another era of rebuilding for the Raptors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boulder,_Colorado", "text": "Boulder ( /ˈboʊldər/ ) is the home rule municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Boulder County , Colorado , United States . It is the state 's 11th-most-populous municipality ; Boulder is located at the base of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains at an elevation of 5,430 feet ( 1,655 m ) above sea level . The city is 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Denver . The population of the City of Boulder was 97,385 people at the 2010 U.S. Census , while the population of the Boulder , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area was 294,567 . Boulder is known for its association with gold seekers and for being the home of the main campus of the University of Colorado , the state 's largest university . The city frequently receives high rankings in art , health , well-being , quality of life , and education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sugisawadai_Site", "text": "The Sugisawadai ruins ( 杉沢台遺跡 , Sugisawadai iseki ) is an archaeological site containing the ruins of a large Jōmon period settlement located in what is now part of the city of Noshiro , Akita in the Tōhoku region of Japan . The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1981 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bigga,_Shetland", "text": "Bigga is an uninhabited island in the Yell Sound between the Mainland and Yell in Shetland , Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennessee_Volunteers_football", "text": "The Tennessee Volunteers football program ( variously called Tennessee , Vols , UT ) represents the University of Tennessee ( UT ) . The Vols have played football for 121 seasons , starting in 1891 ; their combined record of 833-383-53 ranks them twelfth on the list of all-time win-loss percentage records .677 and ninth on by-victories list for college football programs as well as second on the all-time win/loss list of SEC programs 390-253-33 .601 . Their all-time ranking in bowl appearances is third ( 52 ) and sixth in all-time bowl victories ( 28 ) , most notably four Sugar Bowls , three Cotton Bowls , an Orange Bowl , and a Fiesta Bowl . They have won 16 conference championships and six national titles in their history and their last national championship was in the 1998 college football season . The Vols play at Neyland Stadium , where Tennessee has an all-time winning record of 464 games , the highest home-field total in college football history for any school in the nation at its current home venue . Additionally , its 102,455 seat capacity makes Neyland the nation 's fifth largest stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Personal_computer", "text": "A personal computer ( PC ) is a multi-purpose computer whose size , capabilities , and price make it feasible for individual use . Personal computers are intended to be operated directly by an end user , rather than by a computer expert or technician . Unlike large costly minicomputers and mainframes , time-sharing by many people at the same time is not used with personal computers . Institutional or corporate computer owners in the 1960s had to write their own programs to do any useful work with the machines . While personal computer users may develop their own applications , usually these systems run commercial software , free-of-charge software ( freeware ) , which is most often proprietary , or free and open-source software , which is provided in ready-to-run , or binary , form . Software for personal computers is typically developed and distributed independently from the hardware or operating system manufacturers . Many personal computer users no longer need to write their own programs to make any use of a personal computer , although end-user programming is still feasible . This contrasts with mobile systems , where software is often only available through a manufacturer-supported channel , and end-user program development may be discouraged by lack of support by the manufacturer . Since the early 1990s , Microsoft operating systems and Intel hardware dominated much of the personal computer market , first with MS-DOS and then with Microsoft Windows . Alternatives to Microsoft 's Windows operating systems occupy a minority share of the industry . These include Apple 's macOS and free and open-source Unix-like operating systems . The advent of personal computers and the concurrent Digital Revolution have significantly affected the lives of people in all countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NY_350", "text": "New York State Route 350 ( NY 350 ) is a north-south state highway in western Wayne County , New York , in the United States . It extends for 11.40 miles ( 18.35 km ) from an intersection with NY 31 and NY 31F in the village of Macedon to a junction with NY 104 in the town of Ontario . NY 350 serves as the eastern terminus for three routes : the aforementioned NY 31F , NY 286 , and NY 441 , all of which originate in the Rochester area . Aside from the village of Macedon at its south end and the hamlet of Ontario Center at its north terminus , NY 350 serves mostly rural areas dominated by farmland . NY 350 was assigned c. 1932 to the portion of its routing south of Cator Corners , the north junction with NY 31F . It was extended northward to its current terminus in the 1940s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howlin'_(Jagwar_Ma_album)", "text": "Howlin ' is the debut album by Australian dance-rock band Jagwar Ma . It was released in June 2013 under Mom + Pop Music in the United States , Marathon in the United Kingdom and Europe , and Future Classic in Australia and New Zealand . The album was written and performed by band members Jono Ma and Gabriel Winterfield , and recorded and produced by Ma . It was mixed primarily by Ewan Pearson with additional mixes by Ma , Anthony Garvin and Steve Dub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monte_Plata_Province", "text": "Monte Plata ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈmonte ˈplata ] ) is a province of the Dominican Republic , and also the name of its capital city . It was split from San Cristóbal in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cat_Whitehill", "text": "Catherine Reddick Whitehill ( born February 10 , 1982 ) , née Catherine Anne Reddick , is an American retired professional soccer defender , who was also an assistant coach of the Boston Breakers in the NWSL . Whitehill last played for the Boston Breakers in 2015 and previously played for the Washington Freedom and the Atlanta Beat in the WPS as well as the United States women 's national soccer team from 2000 to 2010 . On November 28 , 2012 , while serving as a television commentator for a match between USA and Republic of Ireland , Whitehill expressed an interest in working her way back into the national team . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bikaner", "text": "Bikaner ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is a city in the northwest of the state of Rajasthan , India . It is located 330 kilometres ( 205 mi ) northwest of the state capital , Jaipur . Bikaner city is the administrative headquarters of Bikaner District and Bikaner division . Formerly the capital of the princely state of Bikaner , the city was founded by Rao Bika in 1488 CE and from its small origins it has developed into the fourth largest city in Rajasthan . The Ganges Canal , completed in 1928 , and the Indira Gandhi Canal , completed in 1987 , facilitated its development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Werrington,_Peterborough", "text": "Werrington is a residential area of the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . For electoral purposes it comprises North Werrington and South Werrington wards . Werrington spans an area of two and a half square miles ( 6 km² ) and has a population of 14,800 . Originally a village , Werrington was engulfed by Peterborough in the mid 20th century , as the city expanded . The area is on the northern edge of the conurbation , approximately four miles ( 6.4 km ) from the city centre . There are two distinct areas of Werrington , the village and new Werrington . The village dates from older periods and focuses on the village green . The new Werrington area focuses on the Werrington Centre , a small shopping complex featuring stores for basic needs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_the_Tiger", "text": "Tony the Tiger is the advertising cartoon mascot for Kellogg 's Frosted Flakes ( also known as Frosties ) breakfast cereal , appearing on its packaging and advertising . Tony has also been the mascot for related cereals such as Tony 's Cinnamon Krunchers and Tiger Power . Since his debut in 1952 , the character has spanned several generations and become a breakfast cereal icon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denis_Shapovalov", "text": "Denis Shapovalov ( ; ; ; born April 15 , 1999 ) is an Israeli-born Canadian professional tennis player . Shapovalov is currently ranked in the top 20 of the ATP rankings , and was the youngest to crack the top 30 since 2005 . His career-high ATP singles ranking is No . 15 in the world . He is currently the fifth-youngest player ranked within the ATP top 100 , behind compatriot Félix Auger-Aliassime , Serbian Miomir Kecmanović , Australian Alexei Popyrin , and Frenchman Corentin Moutet . Shapovalov rose to prominence by reaching a Masters semifinal at the 2017 Canadian Open as an 18-year-old , beating grand slam champions Juan Martín del Potro and Rafael Nadal during his run . He has since reached another Masters semifinal at the 2018 Madrid Open , and became the top-ranked Canadian on May 21 as part of his ongoing climb in the ATP rankings . Although not known for being a doubles player , in May 2019 he partnered with Fernando Verdasco to reach the last 16 at the 2019 Italian Open . He then partnered with Rohan Bopanna to reach the finals at the 2019 MercedesCup in June 2019 , bringing him to a career-high doubles ranking of 130 and moving him past Adil Shamasdin as the No . 1 ranked Canadian doubles player . An appearance in the quarterfinal at the 2019 season-ending Paris Masters , again with Bopanna , took him into the top-50 in doubles for the first time , making him the highest-ranked doubles player under the age of 25 . As a junior , Shapovalov reached a career-high ITF junior ranking of No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milorad_Mažić", "text": "Milorad Mažić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Мажић , pronounced [ mǐlorad mǎʒitɕ ] ; born 23 March 1973 ) is a Serbian international association football referee . He became a FIFA referee in 2009 . Beside working in the Serbian football league system , Mažić officiated numerous matches in the UEFA Champions League ( including the 2018 Final game ) and the Europa League , as well as the 2016 UEFA Super Cup . He refereed matches at the 2014 FIFA World Cup , UEFA Euro 2016 , 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup ( including the final match ) . He was selected as a referee for the 2018 FIFA World Cup . He was awarded a Silver Medal for Merits of the Republic of Serbia . He was selected the best Serbian referee nine times in a row ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weightlifting_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_53_kg", "text": "The women 's 53 kg weightlifting event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia took place at the Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre on September 18 . Total score was the sum of the lifter 's best result in each of the snatch and the clean and jerk , with three lifts allowed for each lift . In case of a tie , the lighter lifter won ; if still tied , the lifter who took the fewest attempts to achieve the total score won . Lifters without a valid snatch score did not perform the clean and jerk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fraternities_and_sororities", "text": "Fraternities and sororities , or Greek letter organizations ( GLOs ) ( collectively referred to as Greek life ) , are social organizations at colleges and universities . A form of the social fraternity , they are prominent in the United States , Canada , and the Philippines , with much smaller numbers existing in France and elsewhere . Similar organizations exist in other countries as well , including the Studentenverbindungen of German-speaking countries or the Goliardia in Italy . Similar , but much less common , organizations also exist for secondary school students , as do fraternal orders for other adults . In modern usage , Greek letter organization is often synonymous with the terms fraternity and sorority . Two additional types of fraternities , professional fraternities and honor societies , incorporate some limited elements of traditional fraternity organization , but are generally considered a different type of association . Traditional fraternities of the type described in this article are often called social fraternities . Generally , membership in a fraternity or sorority is obtained as an undergraduate student but continues , thereafter , for life . Some of these organizations can accept graduate students as well as undergraduates , per constitutional provisions . Individual fraternities and sororities vary in organization and purpose , but most share five common elements :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Virtual_Console", "text": "Virtual Console ( バーチャルコンソール , Bācharu Konsōru ) , also abbreviated as VC , is a line of downloadable video games ( mostly unaltered ) for Nintendo 's Wii and Wii U home video game consoles and the Nintendo 3DS handheld game console . The Virtual Console lineup consists of titles originally released on past home and handheld consoles . These titles are run in their original forms through software emulation ( excluding GBA titles on 3DS ) , and can be purchased from the Wii Shop Channel or Nintendo eShop for between 500 and 1200 Wii Points ( Wii ) , US $ 2.99 and US $ 6.99 ( 3DS ) and US $ 4.99 and US $ 9.99 ( Wii U ) depending on system , rarity , and/or demand . Virtual Console 's library of past games currently consists of titles originating from the Nintendo Entertainment System , Super NES , Game Boy , Game Boy Color , Nintendo 64 , Game Boy Advance , and Nintendo DS , as well as Sega 's Master System and Genesis/Mega Drive , NEC 's TurboGrafx-16 , and SNK 's Neo Geo AES . The service for the Wii also included games for platforms that were known only in select regions , such as the Commodore 64 ( Europe and North America ) and MSX ( Japan ) , as well as Virtual Console Arcade , which allowed players to download video arcade games . Virtual Console titles have been downloaded over ten million times . The sale of past games through the Virtual Console is one of Nintendo 's reasons for opposing software piracy of old console games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K.S.C._Lokeren_Oost-Vlaanderen", "text": "Koninklijke Sporting Club Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈkoːnɪŋkləkə ˈspɔrtɪŋ ˌklɵp ˈloːkərə ( n ) ˌoːstˈflaːndərə ( n ) ] ; often simply called Sporting Lokeren or Lokeren ) is a Belgian professional football club based in the city of Lokeren , in the province of East Flanders . Lokeren plays in the Belgian Pro League . The club was founded in 1923 and it first reached the first division in 1974-75 . Since then , it had a short spell in the Second Division between 1993-94 and 1995-96 . Lokeren had its most successful period in the 1980s , achieving second place in the league in 1980-81 as well as a Belgian Cup final the same year . Its best European result was reaching the quarter-final of the 1980-81 UEFA Cup . In the year 2000 , the club merged with K Sint-Niklase SKE They are registered to the Royal Belgian Football Association with the matricule number 282 . Lokeren 's colours are white , black and yellow . They play their home games at the Daknamstadion . In 2012 , Sporting Lokeren won their first prize , after beating KV Kortrijk in the Cup Final . They won their 2nd Cup in 2014 after beating Zulte Waregem 1-0 . In 2018 Sporting Lokeren were relegated to the Proximus League , Belgium 's Second Tier of football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toni_Kukoč", "text": "Toni Kukoč ( pronounced [ kukotʃ ] ; born September 18 , 1968 ) is a Croatian former professional basketball player who is currently Special Advisor to Jerry Reinsdorf , the owner of the Chicago Bulls . After a highly successful period in European basketball , he was one of the first established European stars to play in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 1996 . Kukoč was renowned for his versatility and passing ability ; although his natural position was small forward , he played all five positions on the court with prowess and demonstrated court vision and an outside shooting touch that were seldom found in players of his height . Together with Vassilis Spanoulis , they are the only players in history to achieve the EuroLeague Final Four MVP honor on three occasions . He was elected to the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_Lady_Bulldogs_basketball", "text": "The Georgia Lady Bulldogs basketball team represents the University of Georgia in basketball . The Lady Bulldogs are a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . The Lady Dawgs , as they are sometimes called , play in Stegeman Coliseum in Athens , Georgia . They have historically been among collegiate Womens Basketball 's best programs . Georgia has won seven Southeastern Conference regular-season championships , four conference tournament championships and appeared in the NCAA Women 's Division I Basketball Tournament 33 times , tied for 2nd among all schools . The team is coached by Joni Taylor . The Lady Bulldogs have also appeared in 5 Final Fours and 11 Elite Eights , but have never won a National Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bohr_(crater)", "text": "Bohr is a lunar impact crater that is located near the western lunar limb , in the area that is affected by librations . It is attached to the southwestern rim of the larger , eroded Vasco da Gama formation , and to the southeast of the crater Einstein . The crater was observed for the first time in 1963 by Arthus and Ewen Whitaker in the book Rectified Lunar Atlas . The rim of Bohr is worn and eroded , and a pair of small , bowl-shaped craters lies across the western rim . The rim to the northeast has been shored up by the adjacent Vasco da Gama , but the remainder forms an irregular ring of rugged ground . To the southwest of Bohr is Vallis Bohr , a valley trending in a north-south direction . This long cleft is most likely associated with the formation of the Mare Orientale farther to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Haliburton_of_Dirleton", "text": "Lord Haliburton of Dirleton ( or Dirletoun ) was a Scottish Lordship of Parliament created circa . 1450 for Sir Walter de Haliburton , Lord High Treasurer of Scotland . The seat of Lord Haliburton was at Dirleton Castle in present-day East Lothian . The last Haliburton of Direleton was Patrick , 6th Lord Haliburton , died c. 1506 . His three daughters with Christine Wawane , Janet , Margaret and Mariotta were his heirs . Janet married William Ruthven , 2nd Lord Ruthven in 1515 , who subsequently gained the Dirleton lordship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vlade_Divac", "text": "Vlade Divac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владе Дивац , pronounced [ ʋlǎːde dǐːʋats ] ; born February 3 , 1968 ) is a Serbian professional basketball executive and former player who is the vice president of basketball operations and general manager of the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Divac spent most of his playing career in the NBA . At 7 ft 1 in ( 2.16 m ) , he played center and was known for his passing skills . He was among the first group of European basketball players to transfer to the NBA in the late 1980s and was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors . He is one of seven players in NBA history to record 13,000 points , 9,000 rebounds , 3,000 assists , and 1,500 blocked shots , along with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Tim Duncan , Shaquille O'Neal , Kevin Garnett , Pau Gasol , and Hakeem Olajuwon . [ n 1 ] Divac was also the first player born and trained outside the United States to play in over 1,000 games in the NBA . On August 20 , 2010 , he was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame in recognition of his play in international competition . He was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2019 . Aside from being noticed for his basketball abilities , Divac is also known as a humanitarian , helping children in his native country of Serbia and in Africa . In October 2008 , he was appointed as government adviser in Serbia for humanitarian issues . In February 2009 , he was elected President of the Serbian Olympic Committee for a 4-year term and re-elected in November 2012 . In 2013 , Divac received an honor from the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth_II", "text": "Elizabeth II ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 ) [ a ] is Queen of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms . [ b ] Elizabeth was born in London as the first child of the Duke and Duchess of York , later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth , and she was educated privately at home . Her father acceded to the throne on the abdication of his brother King Edward VIII in 1936 , from which time she was the heir presumptive . She began to undertake public duties during the Second World War , serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service . In 1947 , she married Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , a former prince of Greece and Denmark , with whom she has four children : Charles , Prince of Wales ; Anne , Princess Royal ; Prince Andrew , Duke of York ; and Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex . When her father died in February 1952 , Elizabeth became head of the Commonwealth and queen regnant of seven independent Commonwealth countries : the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , and Ceylon . She has reigned as a constitutional monarch through major political changes , such as devolution in the United Kingdom , Canadian patriation , and the decolonisation of Africa . Between 1956 and 1992 , the number of her realms varied as territories gained independence , and as realms , including South Africa , Pakistan , and Ceylon ( renamed Sri Lanka ) , became republics . Her many historic visits and meetings include a state visit to the Republic of Ireland and visits to or from five popes . Significant events have included her coronation in 1953 and the celebrations of her Silver , Golden , and Diamond Jubilees in 1977 , 2002 , and 2012 , respectively . In 2017 , she became the first British monarch to reach a Sapphire Jubilee . She is the longest-lived and longest-reigning British monarch , as well as the world 's longest-serving female head of state , oldest living monarch , longest-reigning current monarch , and the oldest and longest-serving current head of state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beatriz_Segall", "text": "Beatriz de Toledo Segall ( 25 July 1926 - 5 September 2018 ) was a Brazilian actress . One of her most notable works is the role of Odete Roitman on the telenovela Vale Tudo ( 1988 ) . She is the mother of filmmaker Sérgio Toledo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Integer_matrix", "text": "In mathematics , an integer matrix is a matrix whose entries are all integers . Examples include binary matrices , the zero matrix , the matrix of ones , the identity matrix , and the adjacency matrices used in graph theory , amongst many others . Integer matrices find frequent application in combinatorics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Radiance", "text": "In radiometry , radiance is the radiant flux emitted , reflected , transmitted or received by a given surface , per unit solid angle per unit projected area . Spectral radiance is the radiance of a surface per unit frequency or wavelength , depending on whether the spectrum is taken as a function of frequency or of wavelength . These are directional quantities . The SI unit of radiance is the watt per steradian per square metre ( W·sr−1·m−2 ) , while that of spectral radiance in frequency is the watt per steradian per square metre per hertz ( W·sr−1·m−2·Hz−1 ) and that of spectral radiance in wavelength is the watt per steradian per square metre , per metre ( W·sr−1·m−3 ) - commonly the watt per steradian per square metre per nanometre ( W·sr−1·m−2·nm−1 ) . The microflick is also used to measure spectral radiance in some fields . Radiance is used to characterize diffuse emission and reflection of electromagnetic radiation , or to quantify emission of neutrinos and other particles . Historically , radiance is called intensity and spectral radiance is called specific intensity . Many fields still use this nomenclature . It is especially dominant in heat transfer , astrophysics and astronomy . Intensity has many other meanings in physics , with the most common being power per unit area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linda_Bolon", "text": "Linda S. Bolon ( born June 22 , 1948 ) is a Democratic politician who served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 1st District from 2007 to 2010 . A lifelong resident of Columbiana County , Bolon graduated from Columbus University . She began a career in auditing , serving as the treasurer of the East Palestine School District before moving on to serve as an auditor for the State of Ohio . In 1995 , Bolon was elected to the East Palestine City Council . She served in the capacity of a councilwoman for four years , until becoming Columbiana County Treasurer in 1999 . Originally appointed , she won election to a full term in 2000 . She won a second full term in 2004 . With Republican Chuck Blasdel running for Congress in 2006 , Bolon sought his open seat in the Ohio House of Representatives . Facing Jim Hoppel , a county commissioner , she won handily . She easily won reelection in 2008 , to a second term . By her second term , Bolon was serving in various leadership positions , notably as majority whip . She also served in various committee chairmanships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elías_Piña_Province", "text": "Elías Piña ( Spanish pronunciation : [ eˈli.as ˈpiɲa ] ) is one of the 32 provinces of the Dominican Republic . It is located in the western part of the country , on the border with Haiti . Its capital city is Comendador . It was created on 1942 with the name San Rafael . In 1965 , its name was changed to Estrelleta and , finally , in 1972 it got its current name . It was a municipio of the San Juan province before being elevated to the category of province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chemeketa_Community_College", "text": "Chemeketa Community College is a community college located in the unincorporated community of Hayesville , Oregon , near Salem , United States , with a campus in McMinnville and education centers in Dallas , Brooks , and Woodburn , and the Northwest Wine Studies Center in Eola . Chemeketa serves nearly 30,000 students each year in a district that covers 2,600 square miles ( 6,700 km2 ) in Marion , Polk , most of Yamhill , and part of Linn counties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FAI_Cup_2006", "text": "The FAI Cup 2006 was the 86th staging of The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup . This season 's competition was the last to be sponsored by Carlsberg . It officially kicked off in late April , when twenty clubs from the junior and intermediate leagues battled it out for the chance to face League of Ireland opposition in the second round . The ten winners of those ties were joined in the second round by the 22 League of Ireland clubs . The competition ran until early December , with the final taking place on Sunday , December 3 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgian_Pro_League", "text": "The Belgian First Division A is the top league competition for association football clubs in Belgium . Following the 2015-16 season it was renamed from the Belgian Pro League ( officially known as Jupiler Pro League ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈʒypilɛr ˈproː ˈlik ] ) . Contested by 16 clubs , it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the Belgian First Division B . Seasons run from late July to early May , with teams playing 30 matches each in the regular season , and then entering play-offs I or play-offs II according to their position in the regular season . Play-offs I ( also known as the title playoffs ) are contested by the top-six clubs in the regular season , with each club playing each other twice . Play-offs II ( also known as the Europa League playoff ) are contested by teams ranked 7 to 16 in the regular season , divided in four groups of four teams playing each other twice ( six teams from the Belgian First Division B also take part in playoff II ) . The team finishing in 16th place is relegated . As of 2014 [ update ] the league was sponsored by AB InBev , brewers of Jupiler beer , and officially known as Jupiler Pro League . The competition was created in 1895 by the Royal Belgian Football Association and was first won by FC Liégeois . Of the 74 clubs to have competed in the first division since its creation , 15 have been crowned champions of Belgium . RSC Anderlecht is the most successful league club with 34 titles , followed by Club Brugge KV ( 15 ) , Union Saint-Gilloise ( 11 ) and Standard Liège ( 10 ) . It is currently ranked 8th in the UEFA rankings of leagues based on performances in European competitions over the last five-years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_islands_by_area", "text": "This list of islands by area includes all islands in the world greater than 2,500 km2 ( 970 sq mi ) and several other islands over 1,000 km2 ( 390 sq mi ) , sorted in descending order by area . For comparison , continents are also shown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terengganu_FA", "text": "This club did not have much success in the 1970s with only a single appearance in the Malaysia Cup final , losing to Selangor 2-1 in a match played at the Merdeka Stadium . It was the same in the 1980s with another final appearance in 1982 , ironically also against Selangor . It was the same outcome with Selangor winning 1-0 after extra-time . [ citation needed ] When the Semi-Professional League was introduced in 1989 , Terengganu F.C . were in the second division based on their final position in the previous season . [ citation needed ] They recruited giant Dutch defender , Marlon Ricardo van der Sander and Singaporean duo , Ahmad Paijan and Norhalis Shafik to boost their squad and finished the season in a credible fourth place but ultimately failed to win promotion . [ citation needed ] In the 1990 season , they went all the way to emerge as the second division champion under the guidance of head coach , Abdullah Mohamad with German striker , Frank Pastor finding the back of the net on regular basis aided by midfield duo Martin Buisse and Ahmad Paijan . They lost only once in the league all season to finish three points clear of East Coast rival , Kelantan FA . [ citation needed ] In the 1992 season , Terengganu F.C . recorded their highest ever finish in the league when they finished as runner-up to Pahang FA . The Elephants broke The Turtles hearts again in the semi finals of the Malaysia Cup competition after the both sides failed to score in 180 minutes of play , the match went into sudden-death extra-time . Zulhamizan Zakaria found the net for Pahang FA and Terengganu F.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bartolomeu_de_Gusmão_Airport", "text": "Bartolomeu de Gusmão Airport ( IATA : SNZ , ICAO : SBSC ) was a Brazilian airport built to handle the operations with the rigid airships Graf Zeppelin and Hindenburg . The airport was named after Bartolomeu Lourenço de Gusmão ( 1685-1724 ) , a Portuguese priest born in Brazil who did research about transportation with balloons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist", "text": "Methodism is an umbrella term used to describe denominations of Protestant Christianity which follow the line of the Methodist movement . Methodist denominations are historically related and derive their doctrine of practice and belief from the life and teachings of John Wesley . George Whitefield and John 's brother Charles Wesley were also significant early leaders in the movement . It originated as a revival movement within the 18th-century Church of England and became a separate denomination after Wesley 's death . The movement spread throughout the British Empire , the United States , and beyond because of vigorous missionary work , today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide . [ nb 1 ] Wesleyan theology , which is upheld by the Methodist Churches , focuses on sanctification and the effect of faith on the character of a Christian . Distinguishing Methodist doctrines include the new birth , assurance , imparted righteousness , the possibility of entire sanctification , the works of piety , and the primacy of Scripture . Most Methodists teach that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , died for all of humanity and that salvation is available for all ; in theology , this view is known as Arminianism . [ nb 2 ] This teaching rejects the Calvinist position that God has pre-ordained the salvation of a select group of people . However , Whitefield and several other early leaders of the movement were considered Calvinistic Methodists and held to the Calvinist position . In addition to evangelism , Methodism emphasises charity and support for the sick , the poor , and the afflicted through the works of mercy . These ideals , collectively known as the Social Gospel , are put into practice by the establishment of hospitals , orphanages , soup kitchens , and schools to follow Christ 's command to spread the good news and serve all people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fo_Tan_station", "text": "Fo Tan ( Chinese : 火炭 ; Cantonese Yale : Fó taan ) is a station on the East Rail Line of the Mass Transit Railway ( MTR ) system in Hong Kong . It is located in the Fo Tan area of Sha Tin District , between Sha Tin and University stations on the East Rail Line 's main branch . The Racecourse station is located parallel to Fo Tan , on the line 's Racecourse branch . The passenger station serves some apartment buildings , villages , and a medium-sized industrial zone , as well as the Fo Tan Railway House [ zh ] of the MTRC . During rush hour , some northbound trains terminate at this station before departing southwards . Some trains do not run through this station on race days , and are instead diverted to stop at Racecourse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Borough_of_Boston", "text": "The Borough of Boston is a local government district with borough status in Lincolnshire , England . Its council is based in the town of Boston . The borough borders East Lindsey to the north , North Kesteven to the west and South Holland to the south . To the east is The Wash. At the 2011 Census , the population of the borough was 64,637 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jogyesa", "text": "Jogyesa is the chief temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism , becoming so in 1936 . It thus plays a leading role in the current state of Seon Buddhism in South Korea . The temple was first established in 1395 , at the dawn of the Joseon Dynasty ; the modern temple was founded in 1910 and initially called Gakhwangsa . The name was changed to Taegosa during the period of Japanese rule , and then to the present name in 1954 . Jogyesa is located in Gyeonji-dong , Jongno-gu , in downtown Seoul . Natural monument No . 9 , an ancient white pine tree , is located within the temple grounds . Jogyesa Temple is located in one of the most popular cultural streets in Seoul , Insa-dong , near the Gyeongbokgung Palace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia", "text": "Philadelphia , known colloquially as Philly , is the largest city in the U.S. state and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , and the sixth-most populous U.S. city with a 2018 census-estimated population of 1,584,138 . Since 1854 , the city has had the same geographic boundaries as Philadelphia County , the most populous county in Pennsylvania and the urban core of the eighth-largest U.S. metropolitan statistical area , with over 6 million residents as of 2017 [ update ] . Philadelphia is also the economic and cultural anchor of the greater Delaware Valley , located along the lower Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers , within the Northeast megalopolis . The Delaware Valley 's population of 7.2 million ranks it as the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States . Philadelphia is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States . William Penn , an English Quaker , founded the city in 1682 to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony . Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States , who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 at the Second Continental Congress , and the Constitution at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 . Several other key events occurred in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary War including the First Continental Congress , the preservation of the Liberty Bell , the Battle of Germantown , and the Siege of Fort Mifflin . Philadelphia remained the nation 's largest city until being overtaken by New York City in 1790 ; the city was also one of the nation 's capitals during the revolution , serving as temporary U.S. capital while Washington , D.C. was under construction . In the 19th century , Philadelphia became a major industrial center and a railroad hub . The city grew from an influx of European immigrants , most of whom came from Ireland , Italy and Germany - the three largest reported ancestry groups in the city as of 2015 [ update ] . In the early 20th century , Philadelphia became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration after the Civil War , as well as Puerto Ricans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Filmfare_Award_for_Best_Director_–_Tamil", "text": "The Filmfare Best Director Award is given by the Filmfare magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil ( Kollywood ) films . The awards were extended to Best Director in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rackets_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , two rackets events were contested . Only British players participated in the competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Camp_Cope", "text": "Camp Cope are an Australian alternative rock trio from Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . Founded in 2015 , the group consists of singer , songwriter and guitarist Georgia Georgia Maq McDonald , lead bassist Kelly-Dawn Hellmrich , and drummer Sarah Thomo Thompson . Camp Cope are signed with independent Melbourne label Poison City Records - where Thompson also works , and independent Boston label Run For Cover Records distributes their releases in North America and Europe . Their eponymous debut album , released in April 2016 , reached the top 40 in the ARIA Albums Chart , and was nominated for a J Award for Australian Album of the Year . They were also nominated in six categories at the inaugural National Live Music Awards and won the 'Heatseeker Award ' . Website Faster Louder choose Camp Cope 's self-titled debut album as their Album of the Year for 2016 . The group also won Best Emerging Act at the 2016 The Age Music Victoria Awards . In 2019 , Happy Mag placed them at no.3 on their list of The 15 Australian female artists changing the game right now . Camp Cope has been described as part Courtney Barnett , part Juliana Hatfield , and melodic , uplifting and aching . The band describes themselves as power emo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Simon_(politician)", "text": "Paul Martin Simon ( November 29 , 1928 - December 9 , 2003 ) was an American author and politician from Illinois . He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1985 , and in the United States Senate from 1985 to 1997 . A member of the Democratic Party , he unsuccessfully ran for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination . After his political career , he founded the Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University Carbondale in Carbondale , Illinois , which was later named for him . There he taught classes on politics , history and journalism . Simon was famous for his distinctive bowtie and horn-rimmed glasses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Welbeck_Abbey", "text": "Welbeck Abbey in the Dukeries in North Nottinghamshire was the site of a monastery belonging to the Premonstratensian order in England and after the Dissolution of the Monasteries , a country house residence of the Dukes of Portland . It is one of four contiguous ducal estates in North Nottinghamshire and the house is a grade I listed building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/City_Centre_Mall,_Shimoga", "text": "Bus Stand Mall is a shopping mall located in Shimoga , Karnataka , and is the city 's first shopping mall . Developed by UAE based EKK Group , City Centre Mall is attached to the KSRTC bus station , and is the state 's first ISO 14001 certified mall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charleston_Battery", "text": "The Charleston Battery are an American professional soccer club based in Charleston , South Carolina and member of the USL Championship . Founded in 1993 , the Battery is one of the oldest continuously operating professional soccer clubs in the United States , tied with the Richmond Kickers . Charleston is one of the more successful lower division soccer clubs in the United States , having won the USISL Pro League in 1996 , the USL A-League in 2003 , and the final season of the USL Second Division in 2010 . In 2012 , the team won the USL Pro Championship , winning its fourth league title in club history . Charleston is also the most successful club in the history of the unofficial Southern Derby competition with eight first-place finishes . The Battery currently play at Patriots Point Soccer Complex in Mount Pleasant , South Carolina . Previously , the club played its home games at the soccer-specific MUSC Health Stadium in the Daniel Island section of Charleston from 1999 to 2019 . The team 's colors are black and yellow , with a traditional red scheme for away uniforms . Since 2005 , their head coach and general manager has been Mike Anhaeuser ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGNS-TV", "text": "KGNS-TV , virtual and VHF digital channel 8 , is an NBC/ABC/Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to Laredo , Texas , United States . Owned by Gray Television , it is a sister station to low-powered CBS affiliate KYLX-LD ( channel 13 ) . The two stations share studios on Del Mar Boulevard ( near I-35 ) in northern Laredo ; KGNS-TV 's transmitter is located northwest of the city . On cable , the station can be seen on Charter Spectrum channel 10 and in high definition on digital channel 860 , and is also available on Dish Network and DirecTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guys_and_Dolls", "text": "Guys and Dolls is a musical with music and lyrics by Frank Loesser and book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows . It is based on The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown and Blood Pressure , which are two short stories by Damon Runyon , and also borrows characters and plot elements from other Runyon stories - such as Pick the Winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belarus", "text": "Belarus ( /bɛləˈruːs/ ; Belarusian : Беларусь , IPA : [ bʲɛlaˈrusʲ ] ) , officially the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : Рэспубліка Беларусь , Russian : Республика Беларусь ) , formerly known by its Russian name Byelorussia or Belorussia ( Russian : Белоруссия ) , is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast , Ukraine to the south , Poland to the west , and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest . Its capital and most populous city is Minsk . Over 40% of its 207,600 square kilometres ( 80,200 sq mi ) is forested . Its major economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing . Until the 20th century , different states at various times controlled the lands of modern-day Belarus , including the Principality of Polotsk ( 11th to 14th centuries ) , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and the Russian Empire . In the aftermath of the 1917 Russian Revolution , Belarus declared independence as the Belarusian People 's Republic , which was conquered by Soviet Russia . The Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union in 1922 and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Byelorussian SSR ) . Belarus lost almost half of its territory to Poland after the Polish-Soviet War of 1919-1921 . Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 , when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were reintegrated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland , and were finalized after World War II . During WWII , military operations devastated Belarus , which lost about a quarter of its population and half of its economic resources . The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years . In 1945 the Byelorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations , along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ednita_Nazario", "text": "Edna María Nazario Figueroa ( born April 11 , 1955 ) is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , and actress who has achieved stardom both at home and abroad . She has been in the music business from a young age and has released twenty-three ( 23 ) studio albums and five ( 5 ) live albums throughout her career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfred_Saunders", "text": "Alfred Saunders ( 12 June 1820 - 28 October 1905 ) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daffy_Duck", "text": "Daffy Duck is an animated cartoon character produced by Warner Bros. Styled as an anthropomorphic black duck , the character has appeared in cartoon series such as Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies , in which he usually has been depicted as a foil for Bugs Bunny . Daffy was one of the first of the new screwball characters that emerged in the late 1930s to replace traditional everyman characters who were more popular earlier during the decade , such as Mickey Mouse and Popeye . Daffy starred in 130 shorts in the golden age , making him the third-most frequent character in the Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies cartoons , behind Bugs Bunny 's 167 appearances and Porky Pig 's 162 appearances . Virtually every Warner Bros. cartoon director put his own spin on the Daffy Duck character . Directors such as Bob Clampett , Robert McKimson , and Chuck Jones are notable examples of the character . Daffy was number 14 on TV Guide 's list of top 50 greatest cartoon characters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qin_dynasty", "text": "The Qin dynasty ( [ tɕʰín ] Chinese : 秦朝 ; pinyin : Qíncháo ; Wade-Giles : Chʻin²-chʻao² ) was the first dynasty of Imperial China , lasting from 221 to 206 BC . Named for its heartland in Qin state ( modern Gansu and Shaanxi ) , the dynasty was founded by Qin Shi Huang , the First Emperor of Qin . The strength of the Qin state was greatly increased by the Legalist reforms of Shang Yang in the fourth century BC , during the Warring States period . In the mid and late third century BC , the Qin state carried out a series of swift conquests , first ending the powerless Zhou dynasty , and eventually conquering the other six of the Seven Warring States . Its 15 years was the shortest major dynasty in Chinese history , consisting of only two emperors , but inaugurated an imperial system that lasted from 221 BC , with interruption and adaptation , until 1912 AD . The Qin sought to create a state unified by structured centralized political power and a large military supported by a stable economy . The central government moved to undercut aristocrats and landowners to gain direct administrative control over the peasantry , who comprised the overwhelming majority of the population and labour force . This allowed ambitious projects involving three hundred thousand peasants and convicts , such as connecting walls along the northern border , eventually developing into the Great Wall of China . The Qin introduced a range of reforms such as standardized currency , weights , measures , and a uniform system of writing , which aimed to unify the state and promote commerce . Additionally , its military used the most recent weaponry , transportation , and tactics , though the government was heavy-handedly bureaucratic . Han Confucians portrayed the legalistic Qin dynasty as a monolithic tyranny , notably citing a purge known as the burning of books and burying of scholars although some modern scholars dispute the veracity of these accounts . When the first emperor died in 210 BC , two of his advisers placed an heir on the throne in an attempt to influence and control the administration of the dynasty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lindenmeier_Site", "text": "The Lindenmeier Site is a stratified multi-component archaeological site most famous for its Folsom component . It is located on the former Lindenmeier Ranch , now the Soapstone Prairie Natural Area , in northeastern Larimer County , Colorado , United States . The site contains the most extensive Folsom culture campsite yet found with a radiocarbon date of 10,600 to 10,720 B.P . Artifacts were also found from subsequent Archaic and Late pre-historic periods . The site was declared a National Historic Landmark on January 20 , 1961 . The United States National Park Service has studied the possibility of making the Lindenmeier Site a United States National Monument ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Carolina_Pirates_football", "text": "The East Carolina Pirates are a college football team that represents East Carolina University ( variously East Carolina or ECU ) . The team is a member of the American Athletic Conference , which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Mike Houston is currently the head coach . The Pirates have won seven conference championships and nine bowl games . The Pirates have 20 All-Americans over its history . Four players have their jerseys retired . Numerous Pirates have played in the NFL , including ten current players . The team played its inaugural season in 1932 . The team played home games at College Stadium on the main campus from the 1949 to the 1962 season . With the exception of the 1999 Miami football game , they have played their home games at Dowdy-Ficklen Stadium every year since 1963 . The stadium is located south of East Carolina 's main campus near the intersection of South Charles Boulevard and 14th Street . Dowdy-Ficklen underwent an expansion in 2010 , raising the capacity of the stadium to 50,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salamanca", "text": "Salamanca ( /ˌsæləˈmæŋkə/ SAL-ə-MANK-ə , Spanish : [ salaˈmaŋka ] ) is a city in western Spain that is the capital of the Province of Salamanca in the community of Castile and León . The city lies on several hills by the Tormes River . Its Old City was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988 . With a metropolitan population of 228,881 in 2012 according to the National Institute of Statistics ( INE ) , Salamanca is the second most populated urban area in Castile and León , after Valladolid ( 414,000 ) , and ahead of León ( 187,000 ) and Burgos ( 176,000 ) . It is one of the most important university cities in Spain and supplies 16% of Spain 's market for the teaching of the Spanish language . Salamanca attracts thousands of international students . It is situated approximately 200 kilometres ( 120 miles ) west of the Spanish capital Madrid and 80 km ( 50 mi ) east of the Portuguese border . The University of Salamanca , which was founded in 1218 , is one of the oldest universities in Spain and the third oldest western university , but the first to be given its status by the Pope Alexander IV who gave universal validity to its degrees . With its 30,000 students , the university is , together with tourism , a primary source of income in Salamanca . It is on the Via de la Plata path of the Camino de Santiago ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007–08_Ottawa_Senators_season", "text": "The 2007-08 Ottawa Senators season was the 16th season of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Senators started strongly in the regular season , but the team slumped after Christmas , and just barely qualified for the playoffs . The slump caused the Senators to fire John Paddock , who was in his first season as head coach . The Senators lost in the first round , losing in a sweep by the Pittsburgh Penguins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chester_City_F.C.", "text": "Chester City Football Club was an English football team from Chester that played in a variety of leagues between 1885 and 2010 . The club , which was founded as Chester F.C. , joined the Football League in 1931 . Over the next eight decades , the club spent most of its time competing in the lower divisions playing its home games at Sealand Road ( 1906-1991 ) . It was renamed Chester City in 1983 . The club moved to the Deva Stadium in 1992 after playing two seasons of home games at Macclesfield Town 's Moss Rose . Chester won the Conference National in 2004 , its only league title . In the summer of 2009 , Chester City was placed into administration with debts of £7 million , although it was saved from going into immediate receivership after creditors agreed to a rescue package from the club 's owners . However , halfway through the 2009-10 Conference season , HM Revenue & Customs served a winding-up order on the club in January 2010 . The Conference National subsequently suspended Chester - which had been put up for sale - for breaching its financial rules and for cancelling matches . A month after the winding-up order was served it was dismissed from the league with all results annulled and future fixtures cancelled . In March 2010 Chester was formally wound up after unsuccessfully trying to join the Welsh Premier League . With the official winding-up of Chester City , supporters immediately began forming a new club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burgos", "text": "Burgos ( UK : /ˈbʊərɡɒs/ BOOR-goss , US : /ˈbʊərɡoʊs/ BOOR-gohss , Spanish : [ ˈbuɾɣos ] ) is a city of Spain located in the autonomous community of Castile and León . It is the capital and most populated municipality of the province of Burgos . It is situated in the north of the Iberian Peninsula , on the confluence of the Arlanzón river tributaries , at the edge of the central plateau . The municipality has a population of about 180,000 inhabitants . It forms part of the Camino de Santiago . Founded in 884 by Diego Rodríguez Porcelos , Burgos soon became the leading city of the embrionary County of Castile . 11th century chieftain Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar ( El Cid ) is connected to the city , as he was born near Burgos and was raised and educated there . In a long-lasting decline since the 17th century , following the start of the Spanish Civil War in 1936 , Burgos became the headquarters of the Francoist proto-government . Declared in 1964 as Pole of Industrial Promotion and in 1969 as Pole of Industrial Development , the city has grown since then in terms of economic activity . At the regional level , Burgos forms part of an economic axis together with the cities of Valladolid and Palencia . In 2008 , the international Burgos Airport started to offer commercial flights . The Museum of Human Evolution opened here in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_Bulls", "text": "The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago . The Bulls compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Central Division . The team was founded on January 16 , 1966 and played its first game later that year . The Bulls play their home games at the United Center , an arena on Chicago 's west side shared with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Bulls saw their greatest success during the 1990s when they played a major part in popularizing the NBA worldwide . They are known for having one of the NBA 's greatest dynasties , winning six NBA championships between 1991 and 1998 with two three-peats . All six of their championship teams were led by Hall of Famers Michael Jordan , Scottie Pippen and coach Phil Jackson . The Bulls are the only NBA franchise to win multiple championships while never losing an NBA Finals series in their history . The Bulls won 72 games during the 1995-96 NBA season , setting an NBA record that stood until the Golden State Warriors won 73 games during the 2015-16 NBA season . The Bulls were the first team in NBA history to win 70 games or more in a single season , and the only NBA franchise to do so until the 2015-16 Warriors . Michael Jordan and Derrick Rose have both won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award while playing for the Bulls , for a total of six MVP awards . The Bulls share rivalries with the Cleveland Cavaliers , Detroit Pistons , Miami Heat and the New York Knicks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Regis_Philbin", "text": "Regis Francis Xavier Philbin ( /ˈriːdʒɪs ˈfɪlbɪn/ ; born August 25 , 1931 ) is an American media personality , actor , and singer , known for hosting talk and game shows since the 1960s . After graduating from the University of Notre Dame , he served in the Navy and got his television start serving as a page for the Tonight Show in the 1950s . Philbin gained his first network TV exposure in 1967 as Joey Bishop 's sidekick on The Joey Bishop Show . Sometimes called ( alternatively attributed to James Brown ) the hardest working man in show business , Philbin holds the Guinness World Record for the most time spent in front of a television camera . His trademarks include his excited manner , his New York accent , his wit , and his irreverent ad-libs . Philbin is most widely known as the host of the New York City-based nationally syndicated talk show Live ! with Regis and Kathie Lee starting in 1988 , which became Live ! with Regis and Kelly starting in 2001 , and continued on with former football player Michael Strahan after Philbin 's departure in 2011 . Philbin debuted and hosted Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , Million Dollar Password , and the first season of America 's Got Talent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ilya_Kovalchuk", "text": "Ilya Valeryevich Kovalchuk ( Russian : Илья Валерьевич Ковальчук ; born April 15 , 1983 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He has previously played for the Atlanta Thrashers , New Jersey Devils , and Los Angeles Kings in the NHL , and Ak Bars Kazan , Khimik Moscow Oblast , and SKA Saint Petersburg in the Russian Superleague ( RSL ) and Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) . Kovalchuk developed in the youth system of Spartak Moscow , joining their senior team in the Vysshaya Liga in 1999 . After two seasons with Spartak , he joined the Atlanta Thrashers of the NHL , who selected him first overall in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft . After eight seasons with the Thrashers , he was traded to the New Jersey Devils in 2010 , with whom he signed a 15-year , $ 100 million contract , after a 17-year , $ 102 million deal was rejected by the NHL . In 2013 , he left the NHL to return to Russia , joining SKA Saint Petersburg , where he played for five seasons before returning to the NHL in 2018 . Kovalchuk is tied for fourth all-time in the NHL for regular-season overtime goals scored ( 15 ) , 18th all-time in goals per game average ( .511 ) , and the seventh-highest scoring Russian in NHL history . In the NHL , Kovalchuk has twice been named to the end of season All-Star Team , and in 2004 finished in a three-way tie for the Maurice Rocket Richard Trophy as the NHL 's leading goal-scorer , sharing it with Jarome Iginla and Rick Nash . Internationally , Kovalchuk has played for Russia in the IIHF World U18 Championship , World Junior Championship , World Championship , World Cup and Winter Olympics , and won the 2008 and 2009 World Championships . At the 2018 Winter Olympics , Kovalchuk was named the most valuable player while helping Olympic Athletes from Russia win the gold medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jabari_Greer", "text": "Jabari Amin Greer ( born February 11 , 1982 ) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League . He played college football at Tennessee and was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2004 . Greer also played for the New Orleans Saints ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gandugali_Rama", "text": "Gandugali Rama ( Kannada : ಗಂಡುಗಲಿ ರಾಮ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Smt Lakshmi Venkatesh . The film stars Vishnuvardhan , Madhavi , Jayamalini and M. P. Shankar in the lead roles . The film has musical score by Chellapilla Satyam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Macon_(ZRS-5)", "text": "The USS Macon ( ZRS-5 ) was a rigid airship built and operated by the United States Navy for scouting and served as a flying aircraft carrier , designed to carry biplane parasite aircraft , five single-seat Curtiss F9C Sparrowhawk for scouting or two-seat Fleet N2Y-1 for training . In service for less than two years , in 1935 the Macon was damaged in a storm and lost off California 's Big Sur coast , though most of the crew were saved . The wreckage is listed as the USS Macon Airship Remains on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places . Less than 20 ft ( 6.1 m ) shorter than Hindenburg , both the Macon and sister ship the USS Akron ( ZRS-4 ) were among the largest flying objects in the world in terms of length and volume . Although both of the hydrogen-filled , Zeppelin-built Hindenburg and the LZ 130 Graf Zeppelin II were longer , the two American-built sister naval airships still hold the world record for helium-filled rigid airships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quarter_(United_States_coin)", "text": "The quarter , short for quarter dollar , is a United States coin worth 25 cents , one-quarter of a dollar . It has a diameter of .955 inch ( 24.26 mm ) and a thickness of .069 inch ( 1.75 mm ) . The coin sports the profile of George Washington on its obverse , and its reverse design has changed frequently . It has been produced on and off since 1796 and consistently since 1831 . The choice of a quarter-dollar as a denomination - as opposed to the ​1⁄5 more common elsewhere - originated with the practice of dividing Spanish milled dollars into eight wedge-shaped segments , which gave rise to the name piece of eight for that coin . Two bits ( that is , two eighths of a piece of eight ) is a common nickname for a quarter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lower_Kalskag,_Alaska", "text": "Lower Kalskag ( Qalqaq in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a city in Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States . It is twenty-six miles west of Aniak . At the 2010 census the population was 282 , up from 267 in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forward_(association_football)", "text": "Forwards are the players on a football ( soccer ) team who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals . Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals on behalf of their team than other players . Modern team formations generally include one to three forwards ; for example , the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward . Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards , or none ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sexy_Star", "text": "Dulce Maria García Rivas ( born September 20 , 1982 ) is a Mexican Luchadora enmascarada , or masked female professional wrestler , mixed martial artist and professional boxer who is better known by the ring name Sexy Star . She is best known for her work in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide ( AAA ) , where she is a three-time AAA Reina de Reinas Champion , while also being a former one-time AAA World Mixed Tag Team Champion . She previously wrestled under the name Dulce Poly and held both the FILL Women 's Championship and the FILL Mixed Tag Team Championship under that name . She worked for Lucha Underground , where she was a former Lucha Underground Champion and Gift of the Gods Champion . She is the first woman to win the Lucha Underground Championship and , by extension , the first woman to hold a World Heavyweight Championship in a major wrestling promotion . García has also performed as a boxer since 2017 , winning all five fights she took a part in . She won her MMA debut in 2019 in Combate Americas . García became the center of a controversy in August 2017 following a match at Triplemanía XXV , during which she legitimately injured Rosemary with a shoot armbar . This resulted in a backlash in the wrestling world , and was soon followed by her firing from AAA and stripping from the AAA Reina de Reinas title ; several known wrestling figures also called for her to be blacklisted . She would not return to wrestling until joining Nación Lucha Libre in July 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bolivia", "text": "Bolivia ( /bəˈlɪviə/ ( listen ) Spanish pronunciation : [ bo.ˈli.βja ] ) , officially the Plurinational State of Bolivia ( Spanish : Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia Spanish pronunciation : [ esˈtaðo pluɾinasjoˈnal de βoˈliβja ] ( listen ) ) , is a landlocked country located in western-central South America . The capital is Sucre , while the seat of government and financial center is located in La Paz . The largest city and principal industrial center is Santa Cruz de la Sierra , located on the Llanos Orientales ( tropical lowlands ) , a mostly flat region in the east of the country . The sovereign state of Bolivia is a constitutionally unitary state , divided into nine departments . Its geography varies from the peaks of the Andes in the West , to the Eastern Lowlands , situated within the Amazon Basin . It is bordered to the north and east by Brazil , to the southeast by Paraguay , to the south by Argentina , to the southwest by Chile , and to the northwest by Peru . One-third of the country is within the Andean mountain range . With 1,098,581 km2 ( 424,164 sq mi ) of area , Bolivia is the fifth largest country in South America , after Brazil , Argentina , Peru and Colombia ( and alongside Paraguay , one of the only two landlocked countries in the Americas ) , the 27th largest in the world , the largest landlocked country in the Southern Hemisphere and the world 's seventh largest landlocked country , after Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Chad , Niger , Mali and Ethiopia . The country 's population , estimated at 11 million , is multiethnic , including Amerindians , Mestizos , Europeans , Asians and Africans . Spanish is the official and predominant language , although 36 indigenous languages also have official status , of which the most commonly spoken are Guarani , Aymara and Quechua languages . Before Spanish colonization , the Andean region of Bolivia was part of the Inca Empire , while the northern and eastern lowlands were inhabited by independent tribes . Spanish conquistadors arriving from Cuzco and Asunción took control of the region in the 16th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pankaj_Batra", "text": "Pankaj Batra is an Indian film director . Batra comes from Chandigarh in India . He has more than 10 years of experience as a director in Indian cinema . He is working in Punjabi cinema , from 2005 . Batra is a Mumbai-based film director known for Sajjan Singh Rangroot Starring ( Diljit Dosanjh ) , Bambukat Starring ( Ammy Virk ) , Goreyan Nu Daffa Karo Starring ( Amrinder Gill ) , Naughty Jatts , and Dildariyaan . In 2017 he released his film Channa Mereya ( film ) starring Ninja , Payal Rajput , Amrit Maan , Karamjit Anmol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/King_Crimson", "text": "King Crimson are an English progressive rock band formed in London in 1968 . King Crimson have been influential both on the early 1970s progressive rock movement and many contemporary artists . Although the band has undergone numerous formations throughout its history , Robert Fripp is the only consistent member of the group and is considered the band 's leader and driving force . The band has earned a large cult following . They were ranked No . 87 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock . Although considered to be a seminal progressive rock band ( a genre characterised by extended instrumental sections and complex song structures ) , they have often distanced themselves from the genre : as well as influencing several generations of progressive and psychedelic rock bands , they have also been an influence on subsequent alternative metal , hardcore and experimental/noise musicians . Developed from the unsuccessful psychedelic pop trio Giles , Giles and Fripp , the initial King Crimson were key to the formation of early progressive rock , strongly influencing and altering the music of contemporaries such as Yes and Genesis . Their debut album , In the Court of the Crimson King ( 1969 ) , remains their most successful and influential release , with its elements of jazz , classical and experimental music . Their success increased following an opening act performance for the Rolling Stones at Hyde Park , London , in 1969 . Following In the Wake of Poseidon ( 1970 ) and the less successful chamber jazz-inspired Lizard ( 1970 ) , and Islands ( 1971 ) , the group reformatted and changed their instrumentation ( swapping out saxophone in favour of violin and unusual percussion ) in order to develop their own take on European rock improvisation , reaching a new creative peak on Larks ' Tongues in Aspic ( 1973 ) , Starless and Bible Black ( 1974 ) and Red ( 1974 ) . Fripp disbanded the group in 1974 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abbott_and_Costello", "text": "Abbott and Costello were an American comedy duo composed of Bud Abbott and Lou Costello , whose work on radio and in film and television made them the most popular comedy team of the 1940s and early 1950s . Their patter routine Who 's on First ? is one of the best-known comedy routines of all time , and set the framework for many of their best-known comedy bits ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pudu_LRT_station", "text": "Pudu LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station situated in Pudu , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . The station serves a single line that is shared by both the Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line . The station was opened on December 16 , 1996 , as part of the first phase of the STAR LRT system 's opening , alongside 13 adjoining stations along the Sultan Ismail-Ampang route ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_submarine_U-76_(1940)", "text": "German submarine U-76 was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She played a minor role in the Battle of the Atlantic , but was destroyed south of Iceland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Massaponax,_Virginia", "text": "Massaponax is an unincorporated community of Spotsylvania County , Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blackwood's_Magazine", "text": "Blackwood 's Magazine was a British magazine and miscellany printed between 1817 and 1980 . It was founded by the publisher William Blackwood and was originally called the Edinburgh Monthly Magazine . The first number appeared in April 1817 under the editorship of Thomas Pringle and James Cleghorn . The journal was unsuccessful and Blackwood fired Pringle and Cleghorn and relaunched the journal as Blackwood 's Edinburgh Magazine under his own editorship . The journal eventually adopted the shorter name and from the relaunch often referred to itself as Maga . The title page bore the image of George Buchanan , a 16th-century Scottish historian , religious and political thinker ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cork_Airport", "text": "Cork Airport ( Irish : Aerfort Chorcaí , IATA : ORK , ICAO : EICK ) is the second-largest of the three principal international airports in the Republic of Ireland , after Dublin and ahead of Shannon . It is located 6.5 km ( 4.0 mi ) south of Cork city centre in an area known as Farmers Cross . In 2018 , Cork Airport handled 2,392,821 passengers , a 3.7% annual increase . Cork is the state 's second-busiest airport in terms of passenger numbers , after Dublin , and fourth busiest on the island of Ireland , after Dublin , Belfast International and Belfast City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harmonie_Centre", "text": "The Harmonie Centre , also known as the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building , is an eight-story commercial building located at 1308 Broadway Street ( at the corner of Broadway and Gratiot ) in Downtown Detroit , Michigan . It is part of the Broadway Avenue Historic District . It is also known as the Tobin Building . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . The east necklace of downtown links Grand Circus and the stadium area to Greektown along Broadway . The east necklace contains a sub-district sometimes called the Harmonie Park District , which has taken on the renowned legacy of Detroit 's music from the 1930s through the 1950s and into the present ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Forum_(shopping_mall)", "text": "The Forum is a shopping mall located on Hosur Road in Koramangala , Bangalore , Karnataka , India developed by Prestige Group . The Forum is one of the oldest full-fledged mall in Bangalore with a multi-story book store , 12 cinema halls and other entertainment facilities . The mall is an attraction for tourists . The shopping mall houses 72,000 m2 ( 780,000 sq ft ) of shops over five levels . A major attraction at the mall is the multiplex , PVR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthew_Stafford", "text": "John Matthew Stafford ( born February 7 , 1988 ) is an American football quarterback for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He was raised in Dallas , Texas , and went to Highland Park High School . He attended the University of Georgia , where he played football for the Bulldogs , and was drafted by the Lions first overall in the 2009 NFL Draft . Stafford is the fourth quarterback in NFL history to throw for over 5,000 yards in a single season , being one of three players to do it in 2011 , and is the fastest player in NFL history to reach 40,000 yards in ( 147 games ) . Stafford also holds the NFL record for the most comeback wins in a season , recording eight in the 2016 NFL season . In 2017 , he signed a $ 135-million contract extension with the Lions , making him the highest-paid player in NFL history at the time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lewis_&_Clark_College", "text": "Lewis & Clark College is a private liberal arts college in Portland , Oregon . Originally chartered in 1867 as the Albany Collegiate Institute in Albany , Oregon , the college was relocated to Portland in 1938 and in 1942 adopted the name Lewis & Clark College after the Lewis and Clark Expedition . Contemporarily , it has an undergraduate College of Arts and Sciences , a School of Law , and a Graduate School of Education and Counseling . Lewis & Clark is a member of the Annapolis Group of colleges with athletic programs competing in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division III Northwest Conference . Just over 2,000 students attend the undergraduate College of Arts and Sciences , with a student body from more than 50 countries across six continents as well as most U.S. states . The School of Law is best known for its environmental law program , while the Graduate School of Education & Counseling is active in community engagement and social justice . Today , the three schools and their supporting offices occupy the 137-acre ( 0.55 km2 ) campus , centered on the M. Lloyd Frank Estate on Palatine Hill in the Collins View neighborhood of Southwest Portland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Passion_and_Warfare", "text": "Passion and Warfare is the second studio album by guitarist Steve Vai , released in May 1990 through Relativity and Epic Records . It has been certified Gold by the RIAA . It was written based on a series of dream sequences that Vai had when he was younger , and in the guitar music book of the album , Vai sums it up as Jimi Hendrix meets Jesus Christ at a party that Ben Hur threw for Mel Blanc . It was all recorded in The Mothership studio at his home in the Hollywood Hills , a 1,600-square-foot ( 150 m2 ) building in which his guitar parts for Whitesnake 's 1989 album Slip of the Tongue were also recorded . As such , Whitesnake frontman David Coverdale has small spoken parts on the album ; Coverdale , Adrian Vandenberg and Rudy Sarzo are credited with backing vocals . Vai states that planning the album started as early as 1982 , but was shelved after joining the David Lee Roth band and not picked up again until parting ways with Roth in 1989 . Vai utilized many unusual recording techniques on the album . For what would come to be one of his most popular songs to date , For the Love of God , he fasted for ten days and recorded the song on the fourth day of the fast . Blue Powder was originally recorded in 1986 as a showcase track for Carvin , using their X-100B amplifier , and given away with Guitar Player magazine in flexi disc format . Vai was introduced to Carvin by his mentor Frank Zappa , who had also used the X-100B . The drums were subsequently re-recorded for the album . The equipment used to record Passion and Warfare was : Ibanez JEM and Universe guitars ; Charvel Green Meanie guitar ; Marshall JCM900 and Carvin X-100B amplifiers ; ADA MP-1 preamplier ; Boss DS-1 distortion pedal ; Eventide H3000 harmonizer ; Lexicon 480L ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ipswich_Town_F.C.", "text": "Ipswich Town Football Club ( also known as Ipswich , The Blues , Town , or The Tractor Boys ) is a professional association football club based in Ipswich , Suffolk , England . They play in League One , the third tier of the English football league system , having been relegated from the Championship in the 2018/19 season . The club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936 , and was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938 . They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich . The only fully professional football club in Suffolk , they have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Norwich City in Norfolk , with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 148 times since 1902 . The club 's traditional home colours are blue shirts with white shorts and blue socks . Ipswich have won the English league title once , in their first season in the top flight in 1961-62 , and have twice finished runners-up , in 1980-81 and 1981-82 . They won the FA Cup in 1977-78 , and the UEFA Cup in 1980-81 . They have competed in all three major European club competitions , and have never lost at home in European competition , defeating Real Madrid , A.C. Milan , Inter Milan , Lazio and Barcelona , among others ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myx_Music_Awards_2013", "text": "Myx Music Awards 2013 is the 8th Myx music awards since it started in 2006 . Rapper Gloc-9 has the most number of nominations with 8 from 7 different categories . Availing of nominees happened on the 18th of February , 2013 while awards night shall happen on the 20th day of March 2013 . Both events ( nomination special and awards night ) are available online thru Myx 's live stream . And just like the Myx Music Awards 2012 , fans can vote online through Myx 's official website , Twitter and Facebook ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Supermarine_Sea_Otter", "text": "The Supermarine Sea Otter was a British amphibious aircraft designed and built by Supermarine ; it was a longer-range development of the Walrus and was the last biplane flying boat to be designed by Supermarine ; it was also the last biplane to enter service with the Royal Navy and the RAF ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Almaty", "text": "Almaty ( /ˈælməti/ ; Kazakh : Almaty , Алматы ; Yañalif : Almatь ; [ ɑlmɑˈtə ] ; Russian : Алматы , [ ɐlmɐˈtɨ ] ) , formerly known as Alma-Ata ( /ˌælmə.əˈtɑː/ ; Kazakh : Alma-Ata ; Russian : Алма-Ата , romanized : Alma-Ata ) and Verniy ( Russian : Верный , romanized : Vernyy ) , is the largest city in Kazakhstan , with a population of 2,039,376 people , about 11% of the country 's total population , and more than 2.7 million in its built-up area that encompasses Talgar , Boraldai , Otegen Batyr and many other suburbs . It served as capital of the Soviet and later independent Kazakhstan from 1929 to 1997 . In 1997 , the government relocated the capital to Astana ( known as Nur-Sultan as of 23 March 2019 ) in the north of the country and about 12 hours away by train . Almaty continues as the major commercial and cultural centre of Kazakhstan , as well as its most populous and most cosmopolitan city . The city is located in the mountainous area of southern Kazakhstan near the border with Kyrgyzstan in the foothills of the Trans-Ili Alatau at an elevation of 700-900 m ( 2,300-3,000 feet ) , where the Large and Small Almatinka rivers run into the plain . The city has been part of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network in the area of music since November 2017 . The city was the host for a 1978 international conference on Primary Health Care where the Alma Ata Declaration was adopted , marking a paradigm shift in global public health ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guerra_de_Titanes_(1998)", "text": "Guerra de Titanes ( 1998 ) ( War of the Titans ) was the second Guerra de Titanes professional wrestling show promoted by AAA . The show took place on December 13 , 1998 in Chihuahua , Chihuahua , Mexico . The Main event featured a Steel Cage Match that highlighted two storyline feuds between Octagón and his Evil twin Pentagón and the feud between Heavy Metal and Kick Boxer as Octagón and Heavy Metal teamed together to take on Pentagón and Kick Boxer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Without_a_Trace", "text": "Without a Trace is an American police procedural drama television series that originally aired on CBS from September 26 , 2002 to May 19 , 2009 , following the cases of a Missing Persons Unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) in New York City . On May 19 , 2009 , CBS announced the cancellation of the series after seven seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Nevada_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Nevada Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Nevada in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Contestants compete in interview , active wear , and evening gown . Winners have most commonly come from Las Vegas since the pageant began in 1983 . Montana Cencerik of Las Vegas was crowned Miss Nevada Teen USA 2020 on January 5 , 2020 at South Point Hotel , Casino & Spa in Las Vegas . She will represent Nevada for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susan_G._Komen_for_the_Cure", "text": "Susan G. Komen , formerly known as Susan G. Komen for the Cure and originally as The Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation , often referred to as simply Komen , is the largest and best-funded breast cancer organization in the United States . According to the Harris Interactive 2010 EquiTrend annual brand equity poll , Komen was once one of the most trusted non-profit organizations in America . Komen 's 2012 decision to discontinue funding for Planned Parenthood was controversial and brief , attracting widespread media attention and a significant decline in donations and participation at fundraising events . Komen almost immediately reversed its decision and resumed its funding of breast cancer screening and other programs at various Planned Parenthood locations . The organization has also been criticized for executive pay raises , administrative costs , affiliations with certain sponsors and claims that it used misleading statistics in advertising . In six years from 2011 to 2017 revenue declined by about 80% and a number of state chapters closed . In March 2013 , Komen 's ranking on Charity Navigator dropped from four stars ( the highest rating ) to three stars , going to two stars in 2014 . As of June 2016 , Komen was back to three stars , with a score of 81 out of 100 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brooke_Shields", "text": "Brooke Christa Shields ( born May 31 , 1965 ) is an American actress and model . She was initially a child model and gained critical acclaim at age 12 for her leading role in Louis Malle 's film Pretty Baby ( 1978 ) , in which she played a child prostitute in New Orleans at the beginning of the 20th century . Shields garnered widespread notoriety in the role , and she continued to model into her late teenage years and starred in several dramas in the 1980s , including The Blue Lagoon ( 1980 ) , and Franco Zeffirelli 's Endless Love ( 1981 ) . In 1983 , Shields suspended her career as a model to attend Princeton University , where she graduated with a bachelor 's degree in Romance Languages . In the 1990s , Shields returned to acting and appeared in minor roles in films . She also starred in the NBC sitcoms Suddenly Susan ( 1996-2000 ) , for which she received two Golden Globe nominations , and Lipstick Jungle ( 2008-2009 ) . In 2017 , Shields returned to NBC with a major recurring role in Law & Order : Special Victims Unit in the show 's 19th season . Since 2014 , Shields has voiced Beverly Goodman in the Adult Swim animated series Mr. Pickles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abdus_Salam", "text": "Mohammad Abdus Salam NI , SPk , KBE ( /sæˈlæm/ ; Punjabi , Urdu : عبد السلام , pronounced [ əbd̪ʊs səlaːm ] ; 29 January 1926 - 21 November 1996 ) , was a Pakistani theoretical physicist . He shared the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics with Sheldon Glashow and Steven Weinberg for his contribution to the electroweak unification theory . He was the first Pakistani to receive a Nobel Prize in science and the second from an Islamic country to receive any Nobel Prize ( after Anwar Sadat of Egypt ) . Salam was science advisor to the Ministry of Science and Technology in Pakistan from 1960 to 1974 , a position from which he was supposed to play a major and influential role in the development of the country 's science infrastructure . Salam contributed to developments in theoretical and particle physics . He was the founding director of the Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission ( SUPARCO ) , and responsible for the establishment of the Theoretical Physics Group ( TPG ) in the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission ( PAEC ) . As Science Advisor , Salam played a role in Pakistan 's development of the peaceful use of nuclear energy , and may have contributed as well to development of atomic bomb project of Pakistan in 1972 ; for this , he is viewed as the scientific father of this programme . In 1974 , Abdus Salam departed from his country , in protest , after the Parliament of Pakistan passed unanimously a parliamentary bill declaring members of the Ahmadiyya movement to which Salam belonged non-Muslims . In 1998 , following the country 's nuclear tests , the Government of Pakistan issued a commemorative stamp , as a part of Scientists of Pakistan , to honour the services of Salam . Salam 's notable achievements include the Pati-Salam model , magnetic photon , vector meson , Grand Unified Theory , work on supersymmetry and , most importantly , electroweak theory , for which he was awarded the Nobel Prize . Salam made a major contribution in quantum field theory and in the advancement of Mathematics at Imperial College London . With his student , Riazuddin , Salam made important contributions to the modern theory on neutrinos , neutron stars and black holes , as well as the work on modernising the quantum mechanics and quantum field theory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1956_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 1955-56 NHL season was the 39th season of the National Hockey League . Six teams each played 70 games . The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup champions as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to one in the best-of-seven final series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosworth", "text": "Cosworth is a British automotive engineering company founded in London in 1958 ; 62 years ago ( 1958 ) , specialising in high-performance internal combustion engines , powertrain , and electronics ; for automobile racing ( motorsport ) and mainstream automotive industries . Cosworth is based in Northampton , England , with American facilities in Indianapolis , Shelby Charter Township , Michigan and Mooresville , North Carolina . Cosworth has collected 176 wins in Formula One ( F1 ) as engine supplier , ranking third with most wins , behind Ferrari and Mercedes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermoso_Campo", "text": "Hermoso Campo is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Dos de Abril Department ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Miami", "text": "The University of Miami ( informally referred to as UM , UMiami , U of M or The U ) is a private research university in Coral Gables , Florida . As of 2019 [ update ] , the university enrolls 17,811 students in 12 separate colleges/schools , including the Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine in Miami 's Health District , a law school on the main campus , and the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science focused on the study of oceanography and atmospheric sciences on Virginia Key , with research facilities at the Richmond Facility in southern Miami-Dade County . The university offers 132 undergraduate , 148 master 's , and 67 doctoral degree programs , of which 63 are research/scholarship and four professional areas of study . Over the years , the university 's students have represented all 50 states and close to 150 foreign countries . With more than 16,000 full- and part-time faculty and staff , UM is a top 10 employer in Miami-Dade County . UM 's main campus in Coral Gables has 239 acres and over 5.7 million square feet of buildings . Research is a component of each academic division , with UM attracting $ 358.9 million in sponsored research grants in FY 2019 . UM offers a large library system with over 3.9 million volumes and exceptional holdings in Cuban heritage and music . UM also offers a wide range of student activities , including fraternities and sororities , a student newspaper and a radio station . UM 's intercollegiate athletic teams , collectively known as the Miami Hurricanes , compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association . UM 's football team has won five national championships since 1983 and its baseball team has won four national championships since 1982 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Kappes", "text": "Anthony Edward Kappes MBE ( born 1 March 1973 ) is an English road and track racing cyclist and Paralympian ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Canadian_federal_election", "text": "The 2008 Canadian federal election ( more formally , the 40th Canadian General Election ) was held on Tuesday , October 14 , 2008 , to elect members to the House of Commons of Canada of the 40th Canadian Parliament after the previous parliament had been dissolved by the Governor General on September 7 , 2008 . The election , like the previous one in 2006 , yielded a minority government under the Conservative Party , led by the incumbent Prime Minister , Stephen Harper . The election call resulted in the cancellation of four federal by-elections that had been scheduled to occur in September ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anna_Melnikova", "text": "Anna Melnikova ( born July 20 , 1985 ) is a Russian female acrobatic gymnast . Along with Yanna Cholaeva , she has come second in the Women 's Pair event at the world championships in both 2005 and 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulsan", "text": "Ulsan ( Korean pronunciation : [ ul.s͈an ] ) , officially the Ulsan Metropolitan City , is South Korea 's seventh-largest metropolitan city and the eighth-largest city overall , with a population of over 1.1 million inhabitants . It is located in the south-east of the country , neighboring Busan to the south and facing Gyeongju to the north . Ulsan is the industrial powerhouse of South Korea , forming the heart of the Ulsan Industrial District . It has the world 's largest automobile assembly plant operated by the Hyundai Motor Company ; the world 's largest shipyard , operated by Hyundai Heavy Industries ; and the world 's third largest oil refinery , owned by SK Energy . In 2017 , Ulsan had a GDP per capita of $ 65,093 , the highest of any region in South Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Patrón_Alberto", "text": "José Alberto Rodríguez ( born May 25 , 1977 ) is a Mexican-American professional wrestler , promoter and mixed martial artist . He is best known for his two tenures in WWE under the ring name Alberto Del Rio , as well as his work outside of WWE under the ring name Alberto El Patron . Before working for WWE , Rodríguez used the name Dos Caras Jr. as both a mixed martial artist and luchador in mostly Mexico and Japan , achieving success in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) by winning the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship once . Rodríguez signed with WWE in 2009 and made his debut on their main roster the following year as Alberto Del Rio . In WWE , he became the first Mexico-born world champion in WWE history after he won the WWE Championship and the World Heavyweight Championship twice each . He also won the 2011 Royal Rumble and the 2011 Money in the Bank ladder match , making him the only professional wrestler to win both in the same calendar year . Rodríguez departed WWE in 2014 and wrestled as Alberto El Patrón in other promotions such as Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide ( AAA ) , Ring of Honor ( ROH ) , Lucha Underground , Japanese and Puerto Rican promotions , and various United States independent promotions . In AAA , he won the AAA Mega Championship once . He returned to WWE in 2015 , winning the United States Championship twice , before departing again in 2016 . He subsequently signed with Impact Wrestling and won the Impact World Championship title at Slammiversary XV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Novaya_River", "text": "Novaya ( Russian : Новая ) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia . It 's a left tributary of the Khatanga River . It originates in Lake Gavrila . River length is about 411 kilometers . The area of its basin is 16,500 square kilometers . It flows through the North Siberian Lowland in the Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District . It is mostly fed by rain and snow melt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southeastern_Conference", "text": "The Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) is an American college athletic conference whose member institutions are located primarily in the South Central and Southeastern United States . Its fourteen members include the flagship public universities of ten states , three additional public land grant universities , and one private research university . The conference is headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama . The SEC participates in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I in sports competitions ; for football , it is part of the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A . The SEC is regarded as one of the most accomplished sports conferences in terms of its winning reputation , with 43 national football championships , 21 basketball championships , 41 indoor track championships , 42 outdoor track championships , 24 swimming championships , 20 gymnastics championships , and 13 College World Series . The conference is also highly successful financially , as it consistently leads most others in revenue distribution to its members , including an SEC record $ 455.8 million for the 2014-15 fiscal year , which was a sizable increase over the $ 292.8 million for the 2013-14 fiscal year , largely due to the revenue from the introduction of the SEC Network . The SEC was also the first NCAA Division I conference to hold a championship game ( and award a subsequent title ) for college football and was one of the founding members of the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) . The current SEC commissioner is Greg Sankey . The conference sponsors team championships in nine men 's sports and twelve women 's sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Notability", "text": "Notability is the property of being worthy of notice , having fame , or being considered to be of a high degree of interest , significance , or distinction . It also refers to the capacity to be such . Persons who are notable due to public responsibility , accomplishments , or , even , mere participation in the celebrity industry are said to have a public profile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charley_Jones", "text": "Charles Wesley Jones ( born Benjamin Wesley Rippay on April 30 , 1852 - June 6 , 1911 ) was an American left fielder in the National Association and Major League Baseball who hit 56 home runs and batted .298 during his twelve-year career . He was born in Alamance County , North Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes_AMG_High_Performance_Powertrains", "text": "Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains ( previously known as Ilmor Engineering and Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines ) is a British Formula One engine manufacturer , owned by Mercedes-Benz . The company supplied Sauber during the 1994 season , McLaren from 1995 to 2014 , Force India from 2009 to 2018 , Brawn in 2009 , the Mercedes factory team since 2010 , Williams since 2014 , Lotus in 2015 , Manor Racing in 2016 , Racing Point Force India in 2018 and Racing Point since 2018 . Their engines have won eight Formula One Constructors ' Championships and ten Drivers ' Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paradise/Freedom_Fighters", "text": "Valley Pride Freedom Fighters are a Belizean football team based in Dangriga . They are current member of the Premier League of Belize of the Football Federation of Belize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fernando_Alonso", "text": "Fernando Alonso Díaz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ feɾˈnando aˈlonso ˈði.aθ ] ( listen ) ; born 29 July 1981 ) is a Spanish racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship in 2005 and 2006 for the Renault team . Away from Formula One , he is a champion of the 2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship and a two-time winner of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2018 and 2019 with Toyota . Alonso also won the 2019 24 Hours of Daytona for Wayne Taylor Racing . Born in Oviedo , Asturias to a working-class family , he began go-karting at the age of three and achieved success in local , national and world championships . Alonso later progressed to car racing , winning the Euro Open by Nissan in 1999 and was fourth in the International Formula 3000 Championship of 2000 . He debuted in Formula One with Minardi in 2001 before joining Renault as a test driver for 2002 . Promoted to a race seat in 2003 , Alonso won two drivers ' championships in 2005 and 2006 from Kimi Räikkönen and Michael Schumacher , respectively . After a third-place finish with McLaren in 2007 , he returned to Renault from 2008 to 2009 and won two races in the former year to place fifth overall . Alonso then drove for Ferrari from 2010 to 2014 . He finished runner-up to Sebastian Vettel three times in tightly-contested title duels in 2010 and 2012 and again in 2013 . A second stint with McLaren from 2015 to 2018 did not result in further success due to an uncompetitive car . Overall Alonso won 32 Formula One races , 22 pole positions and 1,899 points from 311 starts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russell_Springs,_Kentucky", "text": "Russell Springs is a home rule-class city in Russell County , Kentucky , in the United States . The city is the gateway to Lake Cumberland , one of the largest man-made lakes in the region , created by Wolf Creek Dam . It is the largest city in the county , having a population of 2,441 during the year 2010 U.S. Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Young_(basketball)", "text": "Michael Wayne Young ( born January 2 , 1961 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He had a 15-year playing career spent in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) and overseas . He was most recently the director of basketball operations and performance enhancement at the University of Houston , his alma mater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charleston_(dance)", "text": "The Charleston is a dance named for the harbor city of Charleston , South Carolina . The rhythm was popularized in mainstream dance music in the United States by a 1923 tune called The Charleston by composer/pianist James P. Johnson which originated in the Broadway show Runnin ' Wild and became one of the most popular hits of the decade . Runnin ' Wild ran from 29 October 1923 through 28 June 1924 . The peak year for the Charleston as a dance by the public was mid-1926 to 1927"}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Jorge_Basadre", "text": "The Estadio Jorge Basadre , previously known as the Estadio Modelo , is a multi-purpose stadium in Tacna , Peru named after historian Jorge Basadre . It is currently used as a football stadium in the Primera Division Peruana by Coronel Bolognesi . The stadium holds 19,850 people and has 277 individual seats in the western stand , 69 which are for the VIP area . The rest of the stadium has standing terraces . The name was changed when it was renovated for the Copa America 2004 . It will be used again for the 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ukraine", "text": "Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Україна , romanized : Ukrayina , pronounced [ ʊkrɐˈjinɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a country in Eastern Europe . It is bordered by Russia to the north-east ; Belarus to the north ; Poland , Slovakia and Hungary to the west ; and Romania , Moldova , and the Black Sea to the south . Ukraine is currently in a territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula , which Russia annexed in 2014 . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603,628 km2 ( 233,062 sq mi ) , making it both the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world . Its capital and largest city is Kiev . Ukrainian is the official language and its alphabet is Cyrillic . The dominant religion in the country is Eastern Orthodoxy . The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC . During the Middle Ages , the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture , with the powerful state of Kievan Rus ' forming the basis of Ukrainian identity . Following its fragmentation in the 13th century , the territory was contested , ruled and divided by a variety of powers , including the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Russia . A Cossack republic emerged and prospered during the 17th and 18th centuries , but its territory was eventually split between Poland and the Russian Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Witch_Craft_Works", "text": "Witchcraft Works ( ウィッチクラフトワークス , Witchikurafuto Wākusu ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryū Mizunagi . The manga has been serialized in Kodanshas good ! Afternoon magazine since March 2010 and the chapters collected into 14 tankōbon volumes . An anime television series adaptation animated by J.C.Staff aired in Japan from January to March 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I_Heard_a_Rumour", "text": "I Heard a Rumour is a song by the English girl group Bananarama from their fourth album Wow ! ( 1987 ) . It was also featured in the 1987 comedy film Disorderlies ( starring The Fat Boys ) and included on its soundtrack . I Heard a Rumour peaked at number 14 in their native United Kingdom , and was one of their biggest singles in the United States , reaching number four on the Billboard Hot 100 . It was also a hit in nightclubs , reaching number three on the Billboard Dance Club Songs . Songwriter and music producer Pete Waterman names I Heard a Rumour as one of his favourite songs . [ citation needed ] The chords , general structure and parts of the melody ( mainly the bridge leading into the chorus ) are the same as those of Michael Fortunati 's 1986 hit Give Me Up . The song is included in the PlayStation karaoke game SingStar Anthems ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London,_UK", "text": "London is the capital and largest city of England and of the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south-east of England , at the head of its 50-mile ( 80 km ) estuary leading to the North Sea , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . Londinium was founded by the Romans . The City of London , London 's ancient core − an area of just 1.12 square miles ( 2.9 km2 ) and colloquially known as the Square Mile − retains boundaries that closely follow its medieval limits . [ note 1 ] The City of Westminster is also an Inner London borough holding city status . Greater London is governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly . [ note 2 ] London is considered to be one of the world 's most important global cities and has been termed the world 's most powerful , most desirable , most influential , most visited , most expensive , innovative , sustainable , most investment friendly , and most popular for work city . London exerts a considerable impact upon the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism and transportation . London ranks 26th out of 300 major cities for economic performance . It is one of the largest financial centres and has either the fifth or the sixth largest metropolitan area GDP . [ note 3 ] It is the most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the busiest city airport system as measured by passenger traffic . It is the leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Eagle_56_(PE-56)", "text": "USS Eagle 56 ( PE-56 ) was a United States Navy World War I-era patrol boat that remained in service through World War II . On 23 April 1945 , while towing targets for U.S. Navy bomber exercises off the coast of Maine , Eagle 56 was sunk by the German submarine U-853 . Only 13 of the 62 crew survived . The loss was classified as a boiler explosion until 2001 , when historical evidence convinced the US Navy to reclassify the sinking as a combat loss due to enemy action ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo_GameCube", "text": "The Nintendo GameCube [ b ] [ c ] ( commonly abbreviated as GameCube ) is a home video game console released by Nintendo in Japan and North America in 2001 and in the PAL territories in 2002 . The sixth-generation console is the successor to the Nintendo 64 . It competed with Sony 's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft 's original Xbox . The GameCube is the first Nintendo console to use optical discs as its primary storage medium . The discs are in the miniDVD format and the system was not designed to play full-sized DVDs or audio CDs , unlike its competitors , and focused on gaming instead . The console supports limited online gaming for a small number of games via a GameCube broadband or modem adapter and can connect to a Game Boy Advance with a link cable , which allows players to access exclusive in-game features using the handheld as a second screen and controller . The GameCube uses composite video cables to display games on the television ; however , there are differences in the two GameCube models . The models produced before May 2004 also have the ability to use digital component AV cables and progressive scan and a second serial port . The nameplate on the top of the console with the words Nintendo GameCube can be removed . This model is known as DOL-001 . The previously mentioned features were removed in GameCube consoles produced between 2004-2007 ; the later model was known as DOL-101 . The newer model has updated firmware that disables Action Replay cheats and cheat codes ( a newer version was developed to circumvent this ) and the disc-reading laser was improved in many ways , though it is not as durable ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._John's_Methodist_Church_(Georgetown,_Delaware)", "text": "St. John 's Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located near Georgetown , Sussex County , Delaware . It was built in 1907 , and is a one-story , frame church building sheathed in weatherboard in the Gothic Revival style . It sits on a raised brick foundation , has a steeply pitched gable roof , lancet windows , and features a two-story bell tower with steeple . The property also includes the church hall , which was originally constructed at the Civilian Conservation Corps Camp near Georgetown . It was moved to the property in 1949 , and subsequently renovated . Adjacent to the church is the church cemetery , with burials dating to 1853 . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giorgio_Pantano", "text": "Giorgio Pantano ( born 4 February 1979 ) is an Italian professional racing driver who drove for the Jordan Formula One team for much of the 2004 season before being replaced by Timo Glock . He was also successful in Formula 3000 . He raced in the GP2 Series from its inaugural year in 2005 until his championship campaign in 2008 , holding the record for most races competed and most races won in the series . As of 2011 , these records have been taken over by Luca Filippi ( 86 starts ) and Pastor Maldonado ( 10 wins ) respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1948_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1948 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was held in London , United Kingdom from 29 July to 14 August 1948 . After a twelve-year hiatus caused by the outbreak of World War II ; these were the first Summer Olympics held since the 1936 Games in Berlin . The 1940 Olympic Games had been scheduled for Tokyo , and then for Helsinki ; the 1944 Olympic Games had been provisionally planned for London . This was the second occasion that London had hosted the Olympic Games , having previously hosted them in 1908 , forty years earlier . The Olympics would again return to London 64 years later in 2012 , making London the first city to have hosted the games three times , and the only such city until Paris and Los Angeles host their third games in 2024 and 2028 , respectively . The 1948 Olympic Games were the first of two summer Olympic Games held under the IOC presidency of Sigfrid Edström . The event came to be known as the Austerity Games , because of the difficult economic climate and rationing imposed in the aftermath of World War II . No new venues were built for the games ( with events taking place mainly at Empire Stadium and the Empire Pool at Wembley Park ) , and athletes were housed in existing accommodation at the Wembley area instead of an Olympic Village , as were the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games and the subsequent 1952 Games in Helsinki . A record 59 nations were represented by 4,104 athletes , 3,714 men and 390 women , in 19 sport disciplines . Germany and Japan were not invited to participate in the games ; the Soviet Union was invited but chose not to send any athletes , sending observers instead to prepare for the 1952 Olympics . One of the star performers at the Games was Dutch sprinter Fanny Blankers-Koen . Dubbed The Flying Housewife , the thirty-year-old mother of two won four gold medals in athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victor/Victoria_(musical)", "text": "Victor/Victoria is a musical with a book by Blake Edwards , music by Henry Mancini , lyrics by Leslie Bricusse and additional musical material ( music and lyrics ) by Frank Wildhorn . It is based on the 1982 film of the same name , which was a remake of the German film comedy Viktor und Viktoria shot by Reinhold Schünzel in 1933 from his own script . Mancini died before he could complete the music , and Wildhorn was brought in to finish the score . The original Broadway production , in 1995 , created mild controversy when the star , Julie Andrews , feeling that the rest of the show had been overlooked , declined her ( and the show 's only ) Tony Award nomination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Buddhist_Liberal_Democratic_Party", "text": "The Buddhist Liberal Democratic Party ( BLDP ) ( Khmer : គណបក្សប្រជាធិបតេយ្យសេរីនិយមព្រះពុទ្ធសាសនា ) was a Cambodian political party founded in 1993 by former Cambodian Prime Minister Son Sann . The BLDP was created as a successor to the Khmer People 's National Liberation Front ( KPNLF ) , an anti-communist group also started by Son Sann ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Tomac", "text": "John Tomac ( born November 3 , 1967 , in Owosso , Michigan ) is an American retired professional cyclist who competed in multiple disciplines in road racing and mountain biking during a successful senior career that spanned twenty years . He is regarded as a mountain biking icon and was inducted into the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame in 1991 . He is a true all-rounder , having won major national and international titles in four disciplines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blast_from_the_Past_(film)", "text": "Blast from the Past is a 1999 American romantic comedy film directed by Hugh Wilson and starring Brendan Fraser , Alicia Silverstone , Christopher Walken , Sissy Spacek , and Dave Foley . The film focuses on a naive 35-year old man , Adam Webber , who spent his entire life living in a fallout shelter with his parents watching reruns of I Love Lucy and The Honeymooners and listening to Perry Como and Dean Martin . His father is relatively content to stay , while his mother copes by trying to cobble together atomic era cocktails . When Adam has to come out of the shelter to get more supplies , his old-fashioned attitudes and manners make him a hit with everyone he meets , and attracts the attentions of Eve Rustikoff . The film received mixed reviews from critics and was a box office disappointment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khartoum_Stadium", "text": "The Khartoum International Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Khartoum , Sudan . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium has a capacity of 23,000 people . It is also the home stadium of Khartoum and Al Ahli Khartoum It was renovated in 2010 for the 2011 African cup of nations championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Empoli_F.C.", "text": "Empoli Football Club , commonly referred to as Empoli , is an Italian football club based in Empoli , Tuscany . Founded in 1920 , the side is part of a select group of Italian football clubs that do not belong to a provincial capital city that have participated in the top-flight . Including the current season , Empoli has participated in 83 national championships , including 50 championships in the third tier , 20 in Serie B and 13 in Serie A . In Europe , the best results obtained was participation in the 2007-08 UEFA Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Macaco_(band)", "text": "Macaco ( Vianey ) is a musical band from Barcelona , Spain formed in 1997 by Dani Carbonell , who was also one of the original lead singers of the new flamenco group Ojos de Brujo . Carbonell left Ojos de Brujo after the debut album , Vengue in 2001 , but has continued to make guest appearances on the group 's later albums . Prior to his singing career , Carbonell had dubbed over Sean Astin 's character Mikey Walsh in the 1985 film The Goonies . The members , from different countries such as Brazil , Cameroon , Sweden , Venezuela and Spain , give to its music a mixed color , with electro accents of Latin music and rumba . Carbonell sings in Spanish and Catalan , but also in Portuguese , French , English and Italian . Many of their songs are played in the EA Sports video games FIFA : Moving ( from his fifth album , Puerto Presente , released in 2009 ) appeared in FIFA 09 , Hacen Falta Dos ( released in an EP version of Puerto Presente ) appeared in FIFA 10 and Una Sola Voz ( from his latest album , 2012 's El Murmullo del Fuego ) appeared in FIFA 12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko", "text": "67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko ( abbreviated as 67P or 67P/C-G ) is a Jupiter-family comet , originally from the Kuiper belt , with a current orbital period of 6.45 years , a rotation period of approximately 12.4 hours and a maximum velocity of 135,000 km/h ( 38 km/s ; 84,000 mph ) . Churyumov-Gerasimenko is approximately 4.3 by 4.1 km ( 2.7 by 2.5 mi ) at its longest and widest dimensions . It was first observed on photographic plates in 1969 by Soviet astronomers Klim Ivanovych Churyumov and Svetlana Ivanovna Gerasimenko , after whom it is named . It came to perihelion ( closest approach to the Sun ) on 13 August 2015 . Churyumov-Gerasimenko was the destination of the European Space Agency 's Rosetta mission , launched on 2 March 2004 . Rosetta rendezvoused with Churyumov-Gerasimenko on 6 August 2014 and entered orbit on 10 September 2014 . Rosetta 's lander , Philae , landed on the comet 's surface on 12 November 2014 , becoming the first spacecraft to land on a comet nucleus . On 30 September 2016 , the Rosetta spacecraft ended its mission by landing on the comet in its Ma'at region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Into_(album)", "text": "Into ( Enthusiasm ) is the fourth studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus ( after Peep , Playboys and Hell of a Tester ) , and the first studio album to be released under the name The Rasmus . It was originally released on October 29 , 2001 by Playground Music . It is the band 's first studio album with their new drummer Aki Hakala , who replaced Janne Heiskanen in 1999 . The ( international only ) singles taken from it were F-F-F-Falling , Chill , Madness and Heartbreaker/Days . All of these were released in 2001 apart from Heartbreaker/Days , which was released in 2002 . For this fact and the name 's change , some fans consider this album the first of The Rasmus . The album has sold double platinum in Finland and was the first album by The Rasmus to be released in other European countries such as France and Spain . They won four EMMAs in 2002 ( the Finnish equivalent of Grammys ) for Best Group , Best Album , Best Pop/Rock Album and Best Song ( for F-F-F-Falling ) . On February 20 , 2007 , the album ( Special Edition ) was for the first time released in the United States by the record label DRT Entertainment . It did not contain any extra tracks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turks_in_Belgium", "text": "Turks in Belgium or Belgian Turks refers to Turkish people who have immigrated to Belgium . However , the term may also refer to Belgian-born persons who have Turkish parents or who have a Turkish ancestral background ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stockholm", "text": "Stockholm ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈstɔ̂kː ( h ) ɔlm ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous urban area of Sweden . 972,647 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.6 million in the urban area , and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area . The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea . Outside the city to the east , and along the coast , is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago . The area has been settled since the Stone Age , in the 6th millennium BC , and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl . It is also the county seat of Stockholm County . Stockholm is the cultural , media , political , and economic centre of Sweden . The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country 's GDP , and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita . It is an important global city , and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region . The city is home to some of Europe 's top ranking universities , such as the Stockholm School of Economics , Karolinska Institute and KTH Royal Institute of Technology . It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall . One of the city 's most prized museums , the Vasa Museum , is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grantown-on-Spey", "text": "Grantown-on-Spey ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile nan Granndach ) is a town in the Highland Council Area , historically within the county of Moray . It was founded in 1765 as a planned settlement on a low plateau at Freuchie beside the river Spey at the northern edge of the Cairngorm mountains , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) south-east of Inverness ( 35 miles or 56 km by road ) . Originally called simply Grantown after Sir James Grant , on Spey was added by the burgh council in 1898 . The town is twinned with Notre-Dame-de-Monts in the Vendée , Pays-de-la-Loire , France . Since 2011 , Grantown-on-Spey has been home to Shinty club Strathspey Camanachd ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago", "text": "Chicago ( /ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ ) , officially the City of Chicago , is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois , and the third-most-populous city in the United States . With an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States . Chicago is the county seat of Cook County , the second-most-populous county in the US , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city extending into DuPage County near O'Hare Airport . Chicago is the principal city of the Chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as Chicagoland . At nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the United States . Located on the shores of freshwater Lake Michigan , Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed and grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , which destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a concerted effort to rebuild . The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world . Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the Chicago School of architecture ) , the development of the City Beautiful Movement , and the steel-framed skyscraper . Chicago is an international hub for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . It is the site of the creation of the first standardized futures contracts , issued by the Chicago Board of Trade , which today is the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world , generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures alone . Depending on the particular year , the city 's O'Hare International Airport is routinely ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport according to tracked data by the Airports Council International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Billy_Davis_(wide_receiver)", "text": "Billy Davis ( born July 6 , 1972 in El Paso , Texas ) is a former professional American football wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys and Baltimore Ravens . He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joan_Kennedy_(musician)", "text": "Joan Kennedy ( born in Douglas Harbour , New Brunswick , Canada ) is a female country music singer . She came to fame after winning the Canadian National Talent Contest in 1983 and issued her first album , I 'm a Big Girl Now , the following year in 1984 . After two more albums in 1985 and 1987 , she signed with MCA Records and issued two albums , 1990 's Candle in the Window and 1992 's Higher Ground . In 2000 , Kennedy released A Dozen Red Roses , a greatest hits album . During the early 1990s , she had her own syndicated weekly television show in Canada . She now resides in Portland , Maine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinle_High_School", "text": "Chinle High School is a high school ( grades 9 to 12 ) in Chinle , an unincorporated area of Apache County , Arizona , United States . The school is the only high school in the Chinle Unified School District , and all of the district 's elementary and middle schools feed into it . Chinle High School serves several unincorporated areas in Apache County , including Chinle , Lukachukai , Many Farms , Rough Rock , Tsaile , and some areas considered to be Nazlini . The areas the school serves are within the Navajo Nation . The school is the largest high school within the Navajo nation . As of 2013 it has 1,250 students and 125 staff and faculty . 99% of the students are Native Americans , mainly Navajo . The school 's basketball teams play in the 7,500+-seat Wildcat Den . It was built in 2006 at a cost of $ 23 million and was called by The Arizona Republic sports columnist Richard Obert the best high school arena in Arizona . It is also tied for the 15th-largest high school basketball gymnasium in the United States . Before playing in the Wildcat Den , the teams played at the 1,000-seat Chinle Community Center . The school , like others in the district , has been troubled by gang activity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sodium_benzoate", "text": "Sodium benzoate is a substance which has the chemical formula C6H5COONa . It is a widely used food preservative , with an E number of E211 . It is the sodium salt of benzoic acid and exists in this form when dissolved in water . It can be produced by reacting sodium hydroxide with benzoic acid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1988_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1988 Big Sky Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was the thirteenth edition , held March 9-12 at Brick Breeden Fieldhouse at Montana State University in Bozeman , Montana . Regular season champion Boise State defeated defending tournament champion and host Montana State in the championship game , 63-61 , to clinch their second Big Sky tournament . BSU had won the first conference tournament twelve years earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ten-Eyed_Man", "text": "The Ten-Eyed Man is a fictional character in DC Comics . He first appeared in Batman # 226 and was created by Frank Robbins , Irv Novick , and Dick Giordano ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TCF_Bank_Stadium", "text": "TCF Bank Stadium is an outdoor stadium located on the campus of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States . Opened in 2009 , it is the home field of the Minnesota Golden Gophers of the Big Ten Conference , and was the temporary home of Minnesota United FC of Major League Soccer . The stadium also served as the temporary home of the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) for the 2014 and 2015 seasons during the construction of U.S. Bank Stadium . The 50,805-seat horseshoe style stadium cost $ 303.3 million to build and is designed to support future expansion to seat up to 80,000 . It was the first new Big Ten football stadium constructed since Memorial Stadium at Indiana University opened in 1960 . TCF Bank Stadium also boasts the largest home locker room in college or professional football and one of the largest video boards in the nation . Super Bowl winning coach and former quarterback for the Golden Gophers Tony Dungy called the stadium unbelievable and Pro Football Hall of Fame wide receiver Cris Carter said that the on-campus facility will give the University of Minnesota a chance to compete not only in the Big Ten but nationally for some of the best athletes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Museums_of_Scotland", "text": "National Museums Scotland ( NMS ; Scottish Gaelic : Taigh-tasgaidh Nàiseanta na h-Alba ) is an executive non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government . It runs the national museums of Scotland . NMS is one of the country 's National Collections , and holds internationally important collections of natural sciences , decorative arts , world cultures , science and technology , and Scottish history and archaeology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fahrpanzer", "text": "The Fahrpanzer was a mobile artillery piece made prior to World War I in Germany , implemented in several German fortifications from 1890 onwards and exported to several foreign military powers prior to the outbreak of hostilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shruthi_Seridaaga", "text": "Shruthi Seridaaga ( Kannada : ಶೃತಿಸೇರಿದಾಗ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film directed by Chi Dattaraj . The film was produced by Raghavendra Rajkumar . The film starred Rajkumar , Madhavi and Geetha in lead roles . The music for the film was scored by T. G. Lingappa and the cinematography was by V. K. Kannan . The movie is based on the novel Paluku Paluku Olavu by Kumuda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ned_Williamson", "text": "Edward Nagle Ned Williamson ( October 24 , 1857 - March 3 , 1894 ) was a professional baseball infielder in Major League Baseball . He played for three teams : the Indianapolis Blues of the National League ( NL ) for one season , the Chicago White Stockings ( NL ) for 11 seasons , and the Chicago Pirates of the Players ' League for one season . From 1883 and 1887 , Williamson held the single-season record for both doubles and home runs . Although his record for doubles was surpassed in 1887 , he held the home run record until 1919 , when it was topped by Babe Ruth of the Boston Red Sox . Statistically , he was one of the best fielders of his era . During the first eight years of his career , he led the league at his position in both fielding percentage and double plays five times , and he also led his position in assists six times . Later , when he moved to shortstop , he again led the league in both assists and double plays . His career was shortened by a knee injury that he suffered in Paris during a world-tour organized by Albert Spalding . After he left organized baseball , his health declined rapidly . He contracted tuberculosis and ultimately died at the age of 36 of dropsy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greece_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Greece national under-19 football team is the national football team of Greece and is controlled by the Hellenic Football Federation . In July 2007 the Under-20/19 Football Team finished second in the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in Linz , Austria . They also reached the final of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Troy_McIntosh", "text": "Troy McIntosh ( born March 29 , 1973 ) is a male sprinter from The Bahamas . He represented his nation at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000 . He had his greatest achievements with the Bahamian 4×400 metres relay team . He won the bronze medal in that event at the 2000 Summer Olympics after the United States team were retrospectively disqualified due to doping . This same disqualification , of Antonio Pettigrew , also resulted in Bahamas taking the gold medal at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics , where McIntosh was initially a silver medallist . Individually he was the bronze medallist in the 400 metres at the 1998 IAAF World Cup and the champion at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games . He ran an indoor Bahamian record of 46.05 seconds at the 1999 IAAF World Indoor Championships , where he finished fourth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lambeau_Field", "text": "Lambeau Field is an outdoor athletic stadium in the north central United States , located in Green Bay , Wisconsin . The home field of the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) , it opened in 1957 as City Stadium , replacing the original City Stadium at East High School as the Packers ' home field . Informally known as New City Stadium for its first eight seasons , it was renamed in August 1965 in memory of Packers founder , player , and long-time head coach , Curly Lambeau , who had died two months earlier . The stadium 's street address has been 1265 Lombardi Avenue since August 1968 , when Highland Avenue was renamed in honor of former head coach Vince Lombardi . It sits on a block bounded by Lombardi Avenue ( north ) ; Oneida Street ( east ) ; Stadium Drive and Valley View Road ( south ) ; and Ridge Road ( west ) . The playing field at the stadium has a conventional north-south alignment , at an elevation of 640 feet ( 195 m ) above sea level . The stadium completed its latest renovation in the summer of 2013 with the addition of 7,000 seats high in the south end zone . About 5,400 of the new seating is general , while the remaining 1,600 seats are club or terrace suite seating . With a capacity of 81,441 , Lambeau Field is the fifth-largest stadium in the NFL with standing room , but is fourth in normal capacity . It is now the largest venue in the state , edging out Camp Randall Stadium ( 80,321 ) at the University of Wisconsin in Madison . Lambeau Field is the oldest continually operating NFL stadium . In 2007 , the Packers completed their 51st season at Lambeau , breaking the all-time NFL record set by the Chicago Bears at Wrigley Field ( 1921-70 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1931–32_Toronto_Maple_Leafs_season", "text": "The 1931-32 Toronto Maple Leafs season was Toronto 's 15th season in the NHL . The Maple Leafs were coming off their best regular season in team history in 1930-31 , and the club set team records in wins and points , with 23 and 53 respectively , finishing in second place in the Canadian Division . Toronto then won three playoff rounds to win the Stanley Cup , first as the Maple Leafs , and third in the history of the franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anna_Bogaliy-Titovets", "text": "Anna Ivanovna Bogaliy ( Russian : А́нна Ива́новна Бога́лий ) ( born June 12 , 1979 in Vozhega , Vologda Oblast ) is a retired Russian biathlete . She is 167 cm tall and weighs 58 kg . She has had eleven podium finishes , three in first place , four in second , and has come third four times . At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Bogaliy won gold on the 4 × 6 km relay . At the World Championships , she won three gold medals in relays , including a recent title in mixed relay in Holmenkollen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramez_Dayoub", "text": "Ramez Jamal Dayoub ( Arabic : رامز ديوب ; born 9 August 1984 ) is a Lebanese former professional footballer who played as a defender . A former Lebanon national football team player , he has also played his professional football career in Lebanon , Bahrain , and Myanmar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bradley_Braves_men's_basketball", "text": "The Bradley Braves men 's basketball team represents Bradley University , located in Peoria , Illinois , in NCAA Division I basketball competition . They compete as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference . The Braves are currently coached by Brian Wardle and play their home games at Carver Arena . Bradley has appeared in nine NCAA Tournaments , including two Final Fours , finishing as the national runner-up in 1950 and 1954 . They last appeared in the NCAA Tournament in 2019 , and last reached the NCAA Sweet Sixteen in 2006 . The Braves have also appeared in the National Invitation Tournament 21 times with an all-time NIT record of 26-18 and have won four NIT championships ( 1957 , 1960 , 1964 , and 1982 ) , second only to St. John 's in appearances ( 30 ) and titles ( 5 ) . Until the introduction of the Vegas 16 Tournament in 2016 , the program held the distinction of being invited to the initial offering of every national postseason tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adam_Wilk", "text": "Adam Robert Wilk ( born December 9 , 1987 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent . He previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Detroit Tigers , Los Angeles of Anaheim , New York Mets , and Minnesota Twins as well as in the KBO League with the NC Dinos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walsall_F.C.", "text": "Walsall Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Walsall , West Midlands , England . The team competes in League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system . The club 's nickname , The Saddlers , reflects Walsall 's status as a traditional centre for saddle manufacture . Walsall moved into their Bescot Stadium in 1990 , having previously played at nearby Fellows Park for almost a century . The team play in a red and white kit and their club crest features a swift . They hold rivalries with nearby Wolverhampton Wanderers and West Bromwich Albion , as well as farther away but more regularly contested rivalries with Shrewsbury Town and Port Vale . The club was founded in 1888 as Walsall Town Swifts , an amalgamation of Walsall Town and Walsall Swifts . :9 The club moved to the Football Alliance from the Midland Association the following year , before being invited to help found the Football League Second Division in 1892 . They failed re-election in 1895 , but were elected back into the Football League after one season in the Midland League . They failed re-election again in 1901 and this time spent two decades outside the Football League , primarily in the Birmingham & District League . Invited to help form the Football League Third Division North in 1921 , they would remain in the third tier for the next 37 years before becoming founder members of the Fourth Division . Walsall won the Fourth Division title in 1959-60 and then secured promotion out of the Third Division the following season , though were relegated in 1963 and again in 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Double_Trouble_(band)", "text": "Double Trouble is an American blues rock band from Austin , Texas , formed by guitarist/singer Stevie Ray Vaughan in 1978 . The group was active throughout the 1980s and contributed to reviving the blues , inspiring many later blues and rock musicians . Formed in Austin , Texas , by 1985 the group consisted of Vaughan , Chris Layton ( drums ) , Tommy Shannon ( bass ) , and eventually Reese Wynans ( keyboards ) . While with Vaughan the band was billed Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble . Rooted in blues and rock music , the group worked in many genres ranging from ballads to soul , often incorporating jazz and other elements . Initially a five-piece lineup with Vaughan , Lou Ann Barton ( vocals ) , Fredde Walden ( drums ) , Jackie Newhouse ( bass ) and Johnny Reno ( saxophone ) , they built their reputation playing clubs around Texas over a four-year period . Molded into a trio ( Vaughan , Layton , Shannon ) , their musical potential was encouraged by producer John H. Hammond , who got the band a recording contract with Epic Records . They gained popularity after their debut album , Texas Flood , became a critical and commercial success in 1983 . By the mid-1980s , they had become an international act , touring extensively around the world until August 1990 , when Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash after departing East Troy , Wisconsin . Various posthumous releases featuring Vaughan have been issued since his death , overseen by his brother Jimmie . Since Vaughan 's death , Double Trouble has continued in various capacities , releasing a studio album in 2001 and acting as a session band for blues and local Austin musicians . The band has sold over 11.5 million albums in the United States , receiving platinum certifications for all four of their studio albums featuring Vaughan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1981 season began on December 27 , 1981 . The postseason tournament concluded with the San Francisco 49ers defeating the Cincinnati Bengals in Super Bowl XVI , 26-21 , on January 24 , 1982 , at the Pontiac Silverdome in Pontiac , Michigan . Both conference champions had losing records the previous season , the only time this has happened . All four AFC playoff games were between teams who had never faced each other in the postseason before . This was the only time this happened in either conference since the playoffs were expanded to 10 teams in 1978 . This was also the first year that both New York City area teams , the Giants and the Jets , made the playoffs together in the same year . The Giants qualified for the first time since 1963 , and the Jets for the first time since 1969 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Behind_My_Camel", "text": "Behind My Camel is the eighth track from the 1980 album Zenyatta Mondatta by the British rock band The Police . The song was written by guitarist Andy Summers and was the first one to be composed solely by him during his career in The Police . It won the Grammy Award of 1982 ( awarded in 1982 , but for accomplishments in late 1980 or 1981 ) for the Best Rock Instrumental Performance . The song features a simple , yet eerie guitar melody , which is quasi-Arabic in style ( hence the title ) , a repetitive bass riff played by Summers himself because of Sting opting out , drums played by Stewart Copeland , and atmospheric keyboards rather deep in the mix ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whistler,_British_Columbia", "text": "Whistler ( Squamish language : Sḵwiḵw ) is a resort municipality in the southern Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the province of British Columbia , Canada , approximately 125 km ( 78 mi ) north of Vancouver and 36 km ( 22 mi ) south of the town of Pemberton . Incorporated as the Resort Municipality of Whistler ( RMOW ) , it has a permanent population of approximately 11,854 , plus a larger but rotating population of seasonal workers , typically younger people from beyond British Columbia , notably from United Kingdom , Australia and Europe . Over two million people visit Whistler annually , primarily for alpine skiing and snowboarding and , in summer , mountain biking at Whistler Blackcomb . Its pedestrian village has won numerous design awards and Whistler has been voted among the top destinations in North America by major ski magazines since the mid-1990s . During the 2010 Winter Olympics , Whistler hosted most of the alpine , Nordic , luge , skeleton , and bobsled events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Port_Adelaide_Football_Club", "text": "Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton , Port Adelaide , South Australia . The club 's senior team plays in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , where they are nicknamed the Power , whilst its reserves team competes in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) , where they are nicknamed the Magpies . Port Adelaide is the oldest professional sporting club in South Australia and the fifth-oldest club in the AFL . Since the club 's founding on 12 May 1870 , the club has won 36 South Australian league premierships , including six in a row . The club also won the Champions of Australia competition on a record four occasions . After successfully winning an AFL licence in 1994 the club began competing in the Australian Football League in 1997 as the only pre-existing non-Victorian club - and has subsequently added the 2004 AFL premiership to its achievements ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Maryland", "text": "The University of Maryland , College Park ( University of Maryland , UMD , or simply Maryland ) is a public research university in College Park , Maryland . Founded in 1856 , UMD is the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland . It is also the largest university in both the state and the Washington metropolitan area , with more than 41,000 students representing all fifty states and 123 countries , and a global alumni network of over 360,000 . Its twelve schools and colleges together offer over 200 degree-granting programs , including 92 undergraduate majors , 107 master 's programs , and 83 doctoral programs . UMD is a member of the Association of American Universities and competes in intercollegiate athletics as a member of the Big Ten Conference . The University of Maryland 's proximity to the nation 's capital has resulted in many research partnerships with the federal government ; faculty receive research funding and institutional support from agencies such as the National Institutes of Health , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the Food and Drug Administration , and the Department of Homeland Security . It is classified as a first tier research university by the Carnegie Foundation , and is labeled a Public Ivy , denoting a quality of education comparable to the private Ivy League . UMD is ranked among the top 100 universities both nationally and globally by several indices . In 2016 , the University of Maryland , College Park and the University of Maryland , Baltimore formalized their strategic partnership after their collaboration successfully created more innovative medical , scientific , and educational programs , as well as greater research grants and joint faculty appointments than either campus has been able to accomplish on its own . As of 2017 , the operating budget of the University of Maryland is approximately $ 2.1 billion . For the 2018 fiscal year , the university received a total of over $ 545 million in external research funding . In October 2017 , the university received a record-breaking donation of $ 219.5 million from the A. James & Alice B. Clark Foundation , ranking among the largest philanthropic gifts to a public university in the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dixie_Dregs", "text": "The Dixie Dregs is an American jazz rock band from Augusta , Georgia , formed in 1970 and one of the top jazz rock bands in the United States . The band 's instrumental music fuses elements of rock , jazz , country , and classical music . In the UK , they are best known for their recording Take It Off the Top , which was used for many years as the signature theme tune by disc jockey Tommy Vance for his BBC Radio 1 Friday Night Rock Show ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Il_Divo", "text": "Il Divo ( Italian pronunciation : [ il ˈdiːvo ] ) is a multi-national classical crossover vocal group . The male quartet originated in the United Kingdom in December 2003 , bringing together singers Urs Bühler ( Switzerland ) , Carlos Marín ( Spain ) , David Miller ( USA ) , and Sébastien Izambard ( France ) . The group was created and promoted by music producer Simon Cowell for the label Syco Music ( a subsidiary of Sony Music ) . Although it is unclear how the group 's name came about , Il Divo is translated from Italian as divine performer . As of 2018 , the group has released ten albums : Il Divo ( 2004 ) , Ancora ( 2005 ) , Siempre ( 2006 ) , The Promise ( 2008 ) , Wicked Game ( 2011 ) , A Musical Affair ( 2013 ) , Amor & Pasión ( 2015 ) and Timeless ( 2018 ) ; a compilation album The Greatest Hits ( 2012 ) ; special Christmas songs album The Christmas Collection ( 2005 ) . Two other albums - An Evening with Il Divo : Live in Barcelona ( 2009 ) and Live in Japan ( 2014 ) - presented recordings of live concerts . Additionally , they have collaborated with other artists . Since its inception , Il Divo has enjoyed success worldwide , selling well over 30 million copies of its albums worldwide . With 160 certified gold and platinum hits in 35 countries , it pioneered the genre of operatic pop , or popera , in classical crossover music . Il Divo 's live concerts sold over two million concert tickets worldwide just from their first four albums . In their first world tour , concerts in 69 cities in 18 countries were sold out ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lewes_and_East_Grinstead_Railway", "text": "The Bluebell Railway is an 11 mi ( 17.7 km ) heritage line almost entirely in West Sussex in England , except for Sheffield Park which is in East Sussex . It is managed by the Bluebell Railway Preservation Society . It uses steam trains which operate between Sheffield Park and East Grinstead , with intermediate stations at Horsted Keynes and Kingscote . The first preserved standard gauge steam-operated passenger railway in the world to operate a public service the society ran its first train on 7 August 1960 , less than three years after the line from East Grinstead to Lewes had been closed by British Railways . On 23 March 2013 , the Bluebell Railway started to run through to its new East Grinstead terminus station . At East Grinstead there is a connection to the national rail network , the first connection of the Bluebell Railway to the national network in 50 years , since the Horsted Keynes - Haywards Heath line closed in 1963 . Today the railway is managed and run largely by volunteers . Having preserved a number of steam locomotives even before steam stopped running on British mainline railways in 1968 , today it has over 30 steam locomotives - the largest collection in the UK after the National Railway Museum . The Bluebell also has almost 150 carriages and wagons , most of them pre-1939 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jamaica", "text": "Jamaica ( /dʒəˈmeɪkə/ ( listen ) ) is an island country situated in the Caribbean Sea . Spanning 10,990 square kilometres ( 4,240 sq mi ) in area , it is the third-largest island of the Greater Antilles and the Caribbean ( after Cuba and Hispaniola ) . Jamaica lies about 145 kilometres ( 90 mi ) south of Cuba , and 191 kilometres ( 119 mi ) west of Hispaniola ( the island containing the countries of Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) ; the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands lies some 215 kilometres ( 134 mi ) to the north-west . Originally inhabited by the indigenous Arawak and Taíno peoples , the island came under Spanish rule following the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1494 . Many of the indigenous people were either killed or died of diseases to which they had no immunity , and the Spanish thus forcibly transplanted large numbers of African slaves to Jamaica as labourers . The island remained a possession of Spain until 1655 , when England ( later Great Britain ) conquered it , renaming it Jamaica . Under British colonial rule Jamaica became a leading sugar exporter , with a plantation economy dependent on the African slaves and later their descendants . The British fully emancipated all slaves in 1838 , and many freedmen chose to have subsistence farms rather than to work on plantations . Beginning in the 1840s , the British began utilising Chinese and Indian indentured labour to work on plantations . The island achieved independence from the United Kingdom on 6 August 1962 . With 2.9 million people , Jamaica is the third-most populous Anglophone country in the Americas ( after the United States and Canada ) , and the fourth-most populous country in the Caribbean . Kingston is the country 's capital and largest city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Bisbal", "text": "David Bisbal Ferre ( born in Almería , Spain on 5 June 1979 ) is a Spanish singer , songwriter , and actor . He gained his initial fame as a runner-up on the interactive reality television show Operación Triunfo . He has since released five studio albums , all of which topped the Spanish Albums Chart , in addition to recording a number of live albums . He has toured throughout Europe and Latin America and is now considered to be a crossover international artist . As of 2019 , David Bisbal has sold more than six million records in Spain and America , getting 69 platinum albums , 20 gold and two diamond . Corazón Latino and Bulería treasure each one IFPI Platinum Award , official certification for selling over one million copies across Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Espaillat_Province", "text": "Espaillat ( Spanish pronunciation : [ espaiˈʎat ] ) is a province of the Dominican Republic . It is named for Ulises Francisco Espaillat ( 1823-1878 ) , the 19th-century author who was briefly President of the Republic in 1876 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helmut_Thaler", "text": "Helmut Thaler ( born 22 January 1940 ) was an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1950s to the late 1960s . He won the silver medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck . He was born in Imst . Thaler also won two medals in the men 's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Championships with a silver in 1960 and a bronze in 1961 . He won a silver medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1967 FIL European Luge Championships in Königssee , West Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jacksonville_University", "text": "Jacksonville University ( JU ) is a private university in Jacksonville , Florida . The school was founded in 1934 as a two-year college and was known as Jacksonville Junior College until September 5 , 1956 , when it shifted focus to building four-year university degree programs and later graduated its first four-year degree candidates as Jacksonville University in June 1959 . It is a member of the Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools ( SACS ) and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( AACSB ) . JU 's student body currently represents more than 40 U.S. states and approximately 45 countries around the world . As a Division I university , it is home to 18 sports teams , known as the JU Dolphins , as well as intramural sports and clubs . Among the top majors declared by JU students are aviation management , biology , nursing , business and marine science ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Log_house", "text": "A log house , or log building , is a structure built with horizontal logs interlocked at the corners by notching . Logs may be round , squared or hewn to other shapes , either handcrafted or milled . The term log cabin generally refers to a smaller , more rustic log house , such as a hunting cabin in the woods , that may or may not have electricity or plumbing . Log construction was the most common building technique in large regions of Sweden , Finland , Norway , the Baltic states and Russia , where straight and tall coniferous trees , such as pine and spruce , are readily available . It was also widely used for vernacular buildings in Eastern Central Europe , the Alps , the Balkans and parts of Asia , where similar climatic conditions prevail . In warmer and more westerly regions of Europe , where deciduous trees predominate , timber framing was favoured instead ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seoul_SK_Knights", "text": "The Seoul SK Knights ( Korean : 서울 SK 나이츠 ) is a professional basketball club in the Korean Basketball League . Founded in 1997 as Cheongju SK Knights , the club currently plays in the Korean Basketball League ( KBL ) . The club is owned and sponsored by SK Telecom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_map", "text": "A world map is a map of most or all of the surface of Earth . World maps form a distinctive category of maps due to the problem of projection . Maps by necessity distort the presentation of the earth 's surface . These distortions reach extremes in a world map . The many ways of projecting the earth reflect diverse technical and aesthetic goals for world maps . World maps are also distinct for the global knowledge required to construct them . A meaningful map of the world could not be constructed before the European Renaissance because less than half of the earth 's coastlines , let alone its interior regions , were known to any culture . New knowledge of the Earth 's surface has been accumulating ever since and continues to this day . Maps of the world generally focus either on political features or on physical features . Political maps emphasize territorial boundaries and human settlement . Physical maps show geographic features such as mountains , soil type or land use . Geological maps show not only the surface , but characteristics of the underlying rock , fault lines , and subsurface structures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Port_Talbot", "text": "Port Talbot ( /ˌpɔːrt ˈtɔːlbət/ , UK also /pɔːr- , pə- , -ˈtælbət , -ˈtɒlbət/ ) is a town and community in the county borough of Neath Port Talbot , Wales . It is 7 miles ( 11 km ) to the east of Swansea across the Swansea Bay , with a population , in 2011 , was 37,276 . It is best known for Port Talbot Steelworks , one of the biggest in the world . The steelworks has for many years been under threat of closure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bucaramanga", "text": "Bucaramanga ( Spanish pronunciation : [ bukaɾaˈmaŋɡa ] ) is the capital and largest city of the department of Santander , Colombia . Bucaramanga has the fifth-largest economy by GDP in Colombia , has the highest GDP per capita in Colombia , has the lowest unemployment rate and has the ninth-largest population in the country , with 581,130 people . Bucaramanga has over 160 parks scattered throughout the city and has been given the nickname La Ciudad de Los Parques ( The City of Parks ) and La Ciudad Bonita de Colombia ( Colombia 's Beautiful City ) . Bucaramanga has grown rapidly since the 1960s , mostly into neighboring locations within the metropolitan area . Floridablanca , Girón and Piedecuesta are inextricably linked geographically and commercially with Bucaramanga , and now all form together the Bucaramanga Metropolitan Area in Colombia with 1,141,671 inhabitants . The city is the base of the Colombian Petroleum Institute ( ICP ) , the research branch of the state oil company Ecopetrol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Women's_Open_Championship_(golf)", "text": "The United States Women 's Open Golf Championship , one of thirteen national championships conducted by the United States Golf Association ( USGA ) , is the oldest of the LPGA Tour 's five major championships , which includes the ANA Inspiration , Women 's PGA Championship , Women 's British Open , and The Evian Championship . Established 74 years ago in 1946 , the U.S. Women 's Open is the only event to have been recognized as a major by the LPGA since the group 's founding in 1950 . Originally operated by the Women 's Professional Golfers Association ( WPGA ) for its first three years and the LPGA for the next four , it became a USGA event in 1953 . Now held in late May/early June . the U.S. Women 's Open is the second major of the LPGA season and has the highest purse in women 's golf , at $ 5.5 million in 2019 . Unlike the U.S. Open , the U.S. Women 's Open is not globally recognized as a major championship . The Ladies European Tour does not sanction any of the three majors held in the United States , and the LPGA of Japan Tour has its own set of majors . The significance of this is limited , as the LPGA Tour is the dominant tour in women 's golf . In 2007 , international players outnumbered Americans for the first time . The 2008 tournament was won by 19-year-old South Korean Inbee Park , who became the event 's youngest winner ever . The 2012 championship , won by Choi Na-yeon , was played July 5-8 at Blackwolf Run in Kohler , Wisconsin , which previously hosted the event in 1998 , won by Pak Se-ri in a Monday playoff that extended to 20 holes . The Original Championship Course for 2012 played just under 7,000 yards ( 6,400 m ) , over 500 yards ( 460 m ) longer than in 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marina_Razbezhkina", "text": "Marina Razbezhkina ( Russian : Марина Разбежкина ) is a Russian screenwriter , producer , director and documentary filmmaker . Working on such films asHarvest Time , The Hollow and Optical Axis she has multiple awards at international film festivals including the Chicago International Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kamiel_Maase", "text": "Kamiel Maase ( born 20 October 1971 in Nijmegen , Gelderland ) is a retired long-distance runner from the Netherlands , who is the current Dutch record holder in the 5,000 and 10,000 metres . He retired in January , 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Festival_Trophy_Handicap_Chase", "text": "The Festival Trophy is a Grade 3 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older . It is run on the Old Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 3 miles and 1 furlong ( 5,029 metres ) , and during its running there are twenty fences to be jumped . It is a handicap race , and it is scheduled to take place each year on the opening day of the Cheltenham Festival in March . The event was originally known as the National Hunt Handicap Chase , but its title has included the name of a sponsor from the early 1980s . It was backed by Ritz Club from 1981 until 1996 , Astec Buzz Shop in 1997 and William Hill between 1998 and 2010 . In 2011 the race was run as the Stewart Family Spinal Research Handicap Chase and sponsored by the Stewart family , headed by businessman and racehorse owner Andy Stewart to raise awareness of , and highlight the work done by , the charity Spinal Research . In 2012 and 2013 the race was sponsored by JLT Specialty Ltd , and in 2014 Baylis & Harding were the sponsors . Since 2015 the race has been sponsored by Ultima Business Solutions . Winners of the race often take part in the Grand National , although not always in the same year . Horses to have achieved victory in both events include Royal Tan , Team Spirit , West Tip , Seagram and Rough Quest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lindsey_Harding", "text": "Lindsey Marcie Harding ( born June 12 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball coach and former player . She serves as player development coach of the Sacramento Kings . Throughout her playing career , Harding played for the Minnesota Lynx , Washington Mystics , Atlanta Dream , Los Angeles Sparks , New York Liberty and Phoenix Mercury of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) and has played overseas in Turkey and Russia . She was previously a scout and a player development coach for the Philadelphia 76ers . She was born in Mobile , Alabama , but grew up in Houston , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Polisportivo_Provinciale", "text": "Stadio Polisportivo Provinciale is a multi-use stadium in Erice , Italy . It is being used by the football team Trapani Calcio and was built by the Province of Trapani in the 1960 . The grass covers 105x65 metres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unification_of_Bulgaria", "text": "The Unification of Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Съединение на България , Saedinenie na Balgariya ) was the act of unification of the Principality of Bulgaria and the province of Eastern Rumelia in the autumn of 1885 . It was co-ordinated by the Bulgarian Secret Central Revolutionary Committee ( BSCRC ) . Both had been parts of the Ottoman Empire , but the Principality had functioned de facto independently whilst the Rumelian province was autonomous and had an Ottoman presence . The Unification was accomplished after revolts in Eastern Rumelian towns , followed by a coup on 18 September [ O.S . 6 September ] 1885 supported by the Bulgarian Knyaz Alexander I . The BSCRC , formed by Zahari Stoyanov , began actively popularizing the idea of unification by means of the press and public demonstrations in the spring of 1885 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Breda", "text": "Stadio Breda is a multi-use stadium in Sesto San Giovanni , Italy . It is currently used for both football and American football matches and it 's the home ground of S.S.D . Pro Sesto and Inter Primavera . The stadium holds 4,500 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarah_Chepchirchir", "text": "Sarah Chepchirchir ( born 27 July 1984 in Nandi County ) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in road running competitions in distances ranging from 10K runs to the half marathon . She started her professional career by running in races in France . In 2008 , she had top three finishes in the Saint-Pol , Auray-Vannes and Le Lion Half Marathons . She made her impact on the scene in 2009 , winning the Maroilles 20K and Auray-Vannes Half Marathon . A runner-up finish at the Course Paris-Versailles , a third place at the 20 Kilomètres de Paris , then a personal best of 71:54 minutes at the Reims à Toutes Jambes half marathon cemented her place among the country 's top road runners . In the 2010 season she was in the top three at the Corrida de Langueux , Maroilles 20K and Lille Half Marathon - at the latter she ran a personal best time of 69:27 minutes . This helped her earn her first international selection : at the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships she placed eleventh . She topped the podium at the Auray-Vannes and Boulogne-Billancourt Half Marathons that year . Chepchirchir was in the top two of all her French road races in 2011 , including victories at the Le Puy-en-Velay 15K and the Humarathon ( where she ran a course record and personal best of 68:07 minutes ) . In her second international outing for Kenya she placed fifth at the 2011 All-Africa Games half marathon . In 2012 , she ran two sub-70-minute half marathons but this was only enough for third in Paris and fifth in Lille . She claimed the course record at the 2013 Paris 20K with a run of 1:05:03 hours , and also won the Ndakaini Marathon in Kenya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huy", "text": "Huy ( pronounced [ ɥi ] ; Dutch : Hoei ; Walloon : Hu ) is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Liège Province . Huy lies along the river Meuse , at the mouth of the small river Hoyoux . It is in the sillon industriel , the former industrial backbone of Wallonia , home to the Walloon population . The Huy municipality includes the sub-municipalities of Ben-Ahin , Neuville-sous-Huy , and Tihange ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sonning_Eye", "text": "Sonning Eye is a hamlet on the River Thames in the Sonning Common ward of South Oxfordshire , England , in the civil parish of Eye & Dunsden ( one of its four small settlements ) , at what is since 1974 the southernmost tip of Oxfordshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2000", "text": "The 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Staples Center on Wednesday , September 13 , 2000 . The big winners were Luis Miguel , Santana and Maná with 3 awards ; Juan Luis Guerra , Shakira , Fito Páez and Emilio Estefan Jr. received 2 awards each . Winners were chosen by voting members of the Latin Academy from a list of finalists . The inaugural ceremony was broadcast live on CBS that year and was seen in more than 100 countries across the world . The two-hour show was the first bilingual broadcast ever to air on network television during prime time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matthew_S._Holland", "text": "Matthew Scott Holland ( born 1966 ) served as the 6th president of Utah Valley University ( UVU ) in Orem , Utah , and its first president after UVU was granted university status ( as opposed to a college ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fencing_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_épée", "text": "The men 's épée was one of four fencing events on the Fencing at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme . The medals were swept by the French fencers , who also took the gold medal in the team épée event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Val_Kilmer", "text": "Val Edward Kilmer ( born December 31 , 1959 ) is an American actor , musician and artist . Originally a stage actor , Kilmer became popular in the mid-1980s after a string of appearances in comedy films , starting with Top Secret ! ( 1984 ) and Real Genius ( 1985 ) , as well as the military action film Top Gun ( 1986 ) , the fantasy film Willow ( 1988 ) , and the western Tombstone ( 1993 ) . Some of his other notable film roles include Jim Morrison in The Doors ( 1991 ) , an apparition of Elvis Presley in True Romance ( 1993 ) , Chris Shiherlis in Heat ( 1995 ) , Bruce Wayne / Batman in Batman Forever ( 1995 ) , Simon Templar in The Saint ( 1997 ) , Moses in The Prince of Egypt ( 1998 ) , Gay Perry in Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ( 2005 ) and Dieter Von Cunth in MacGruber ( 2010 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miranda_(state)", "text": "Miranda State ( Spanish : Estado Miranda , IPA : [ esˈtaðo miˈɾanda ] ) is one of the 23 states ( estados ) of Venezuela and the second most populous after Zulia State . As of the 2011 census , it had a population of 2,675,165 residents . It also has the greatest Human Development Index in Venezuela , according to the Venezuelan National Institute of Statistics ( Instituto Nacional de Estadistica , Caracas ) . The most recent population estimate was 3,194,390 in mid-2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GCS_Ballpark", "text": "GCS Credit Union Ballpark is a minor league baseball facility in Sauget , Illinois , that serves as the home ballpark for the Gateway Grizzlies of the Frontier League . The Grizzlies ' ballpark was built in time for the start of the 2002 season , under the original name of GMC Stadium . GCS Ballpark features reserved box seating , lawn seating , party suites , two hot tubs , and a section of bleacher seating . With the bleacher section added in 2004 , the stadium 's capacity has increased to 6,000 fans . In 2004 , the Grizzlies became the first team in Frontier League history to draw over 200,000 fans for a season , finishing with a league best 217,500 . ProGrass synthetic turf was installed at GCS Ballpark in January 2012 . GCS Ballpark hosted the 2008 NCAA Division II Baseball Championship . The stadium also serves as the host for the annual wood-bat college baseball game between the Billikens of Saint Louis University and the Salukis of Southern Illinois University . The ballpark is also home for Webster University and Lindenwood University - Belleville . GCS Ballpark sells a unique food item called Baseball 's Best Burger , a variant of the Luther Burger . It consists of a bacon cheeseburger with a Krispy Kreme Original Glazed doughnut used as a bun . The ballpark and the burger were showcased in a special baseball-themed episode in season 2 of the Travel Channel 's Man v. Food ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Film_Roman", "text": "Film Roman is an American animation independently owned company . It was originally owned by Starz Inc. , which is now a division of Lionsgate and later by Waterman Entertainment , the production company of producer Steve Waterman . Founded by veteran animator and director Phil Roman in 1984 , it is best known for producing source animation for series such as The Simpsons ( 1992-2016 ) , King of the Hill and Family Guy for 20th Century Fox Television , as well as Garfield and Friends and various Garfield animated television specials ."}
{"title": "/wiki/¡Corre!", "text": "¡Corre ! ( English : Run ! ) is a pop song written by Mexican duo Jesse & Joy . The song is included on their third studio album , ¿Con Quién Se Queda El Perro ? ( 2011 ) , and was released as the second single on October 4 , 2011 . The song has become one of the most successful for the duo , reaching number one in several countries . It is the most successful single from ¿Con Quién Se Queda El Perro ? to date , and it is recognized as one of Jesse & Joy 's signature songs . The track won Song of the Year and Record of the Year at the 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nemanja_Matić", "text": "Nemanja Matić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Матић , pronounced [ němaɲa mǎːtitɕ ] ; born 1 August 1988 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for English Premier League club Manchester United and the Serbian national team . Starting his career as an attacking midfielder , Matić shifted to a defensive midfielder during his spell at Benfica . He is known for his consistent performances on the pitch and his combative style of play . Matić began his senior career at Kolubara , before joining Slovak side Košice in 2007 . He moved to English club Chelsea for £1.5 million in 2009 . Used sparingly during his first spell at Stamford Bridge , he spent the 2010-11 season on loan at Dutch club Vitesse , and in the summer of 2011 , he moved to Benfica as part of a swap deal involving David Luiz . He won the Primeira Liga Player of the Year award for his performances in the 2012-13 season . Matić returned to Chelsea in January 2014 , for £21 million . He was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the 2014-15 season . In July 2017 , he was reunited with former Chelsea manager José Mourinho after signing for Manchester United . Matić represented Serbia at under-21 level . He made his senior international debut in 2008 and has since earned over 40 caps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nothing_but_the_Beat", "text": "Nothing but the Beat is the fifth studio album by French DJ and record producer David Guetta , released on 26 August 2011 . Released as a double album , the first disc features collaborations with artists from the R & B , hip hop and pop worlds such as Lil Wayne , Taio Cruz , Nicki Minaj , Ludacris , Snoop Dogg , Afrojack , Chris Brown , Flo Rida , Usher , Jennifer Hudson , Dev , Timbaland , Jessie J and Sia . Also making appearances are will.i.am , Akon and Ne-Yo , all three of whom previously collaborated with Guetta on his fourth studio album , One Love . In comparison , the second disc features purely instrumental tracks . The album is also Guetta 's first album not to feature long-time collaborator Chris Willis on vocals . Critical reviews of the album were mixed . The album spawned four singles that attained success on the US Billboard Hot 100 - Where Them Girls At , Without You , Turn Me On and Titanium - becoming his third , fourth , fifth and sixth top 20 singles , respectively . On 30 November 2011 , the album received a nomination for Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 54th Grammy Awards . As of October 2012 , the album has sold 407,000 copies in the US , and has received platinum certification by the IFPI for sales exceeding 1,000,000 copies throughout Europe . On 26 March 2012 , the album was released as a standalone package , via the iTunes Store . This version was previously released through Beatport . The album was then re-released on 7 September 2012 under the name Nothing but the Beat 2.0 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Renata_Litvinova", "text": "Renata Muratovna Litvinova ( Russian : Рената Муратовна Литвинова ; born 12 January 1967 ) is a Russian actress , director , and screenwriter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boletín_Oficial_del_Estado", "text": "The Boletín Oficial del Estado ( BOE ) ( English : Official State Gazette ) is the official gazette of the Kingdom of Spain and is published every day except Sunday . The content of the BOE is authorized and published by Royal Assent and with approval from the Spanish Presidency Office . The Boletín publishes decrees by the Cortes Generales , Spain 's Parliament ( comprising the Senate and the Congress of Deputies ) as well as those orders enacted by the Spanish Autonomous Communities . The Spanish Constitution of 1978 provides in Article 9.3 that The Constitution guarantees . the publication of laws . This includes the official publishing of all Spanish judicial , royal and national governmental decrees , as well as any orders by the Council of Ministers . According to Royal Decree 181/2008 of February 8 , the BOE is the official journal of the Kingdom of Spain , providing the State Government the means to publish mandatory laws , regulations and other acts approved by the parliaments . It therefore contains a comprehensive list of all Laws passed in parliament , the provisions adopted by the Government of Spain and the general provisions of the Autonomous Communities . Following Law 11/2007 of June 22 , concerning the electronic access of citizens to Public Services , and Royal Decree 181/2008 of February 8 , concerning the official gazette , the publication ceased in its traditional print format on 31 December 2008 and switched to an online mode of dissemination . From 1661 to 1936 it was called the Gaceta de Madrid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dirty_Little_Secret", "text": "Dirty Little Secret is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects , released as the lead single from their second studio album Move Along on June 6 , 2005 . Dirty Little Secret was released to radio on June 7 , 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fawcett,_Alberta", "text": "Fawcett is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within Westlock County . It is located on Highway 44 , approximately 118 kilometres ( 73 mi ) northwest of Edmonton . The community has the name of a railroad officer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/For-profit_university", "text": "Proprietary colleges are for-profit colleges and universities . They are operated by their owners or investors , rather than a not-for-profit institution , religious organization , or government . Because they are not funded by tax money , their long-term sustainability is dependent on the value they provide relative to the perceived value of a degree from a higher educational institution overall . The increased reliance on federal student aid funds by these for profit schools is of growing concern . Since federal student loans are typically guaranteed by the government , for-profit colleges can reap a profit from taxpayers even if students drop out after enrolling , do not complete a degree , or the degree turns out to be nearly worthless for future employment . Students can be stuck with large and unmanageable debt loads , defaulting at a significantly higher rate than students at traditional non-profit institutions . Non-profit institutions generally depend in part on academic excellence and creating graduates that succeed in their fields , while for-profit schools are often based on attracting large numbers of students with few requirements in terms of academic qualifications for entry , because federal loans are provided for good and bad students alike . Some institutions in this category are regionally accredited , while many others are not . Sometimes a proprietary college may also overlap with the sector of non-degree granting business colleges . Students should exercise caution , before enrolling , about the validity and transferability of the degrees and credits earned at proprietary colleges . If a college is not regionally accredited , its credits will probably not be accepted by other colleges , and its degrees or certificates may not be recognized by employers . Every college claims to be accredited , but except in some specific areas such as nursing , regional accreditation is by far the most important type of accreditation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Fish_and_Wildlife_Service", "text": "The United States Fish and Wildlife Service ( USFWS or FWS ) is an agency of the US federal government within the US Department of the Interior dedicated to the management of fish , wildlife , and natural habitats . The mission of the agency is working with others to conserve , protect , and enhance fish , wildlife , plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people . President Donald Trump nominated Aurelia Skipwith as the agency 's director , on December 12 , 2019 , the United States Senate confirmed her nomination . She previously served as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks in the Department of the Interior , with previous experience at Monsanto and her husband 's environmental lobbying firm , Gage International . Among the responsibilities of the FWS are enforcing federal wildlife laws ; protecting endangered species ; managing migratory birds ; restoring nationally significant fisheries ; conserving and restoring wildlife habitat , such as wetlands ; helping foreign governments with their international conservation efforts ; and distributing money to states ' fish and wildlife agencies through the Wildlife Sport Fish and Restoration Program . Sub-units of the FWS include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_in_film", "text": "2017 in film is an overview of events , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies , festivals , a list of films released , and notable deaths in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avard_Moncur", "text": "Avard Moncur ( born November 2 , 1978 ) is a Bahamian track and field athlete competing in the 400 metres . He was born in Nassau ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_USL_Championship_season", "text": "The 2019 USL Championship season is the ninth season of the USL Championship and third under Division II sanctioning . This is the first season in which the league is operating under the name USL Championship , having used the name United Soccer League through 2018 . The season began on March 8 , 2019 and concluded on October 20 , 2019 ; with each team playing 34 matches . 36 teams competed in the 2019 USL Championship season , split into 2 conferences of 18 teams each . Louisville City FC are the two-time defending USL Cup champions . The 2019 season is the last for the current version of Nashville SC . The club 's identity will transfer to a Major League Soccer team that will start play in 2020 . Additionally , this season was the last for Ottawa Fury FC . On November 8 , the club announced that it had suspended operations ; Fury FC had received sanctioning from its country 's governing body , Canada Soccer , but was denied by U.S. Soccer and the continental governing body of CONCACAF ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Santos_Province", "text": "Los Santos ( Spanish pronunciation : [ los ˈsantos ] ) is a province of Panama , reaching from the La Villa river in the North to the Pacific Ocean in the south and east . It is part of the Azuero Peninsula , bounded by the province of Herrera to the north and northeast , and by Mariato District of Veraguas Province to the West . The City of Las Tablas is the capital and most populous city . There are seven administrative districts under the jurisdiction of Los Santos Province . Los Santos 's area is 3,809.4 km ² , and its population is 95,540 inhabitants in 2019 . In this region are the oldest human settlements in the Isthmus of Panama . It was part of the cultural region of Gran Cocle where one of the first ceramic styles of the Americas developed . The first Europeans to explore Los Santos were the Spanish in 1515 under the command of Gonzalo de Badajoz . Upon the arrival of Europeans the area was ruled by the cacique Antataura or Cutara , and was known as the Land of Mr. Paris or Parita from Ngäbere Bari-ta meaning Confederation of Peoples , having under his control six other Indian chiefdoms : Guararí , Quemá , Chiracoitia , Huere , Guanata and Usagaña . The only province that was not under his dominion was Escoria . Gaspar de Espinosa succeeded in conquering and annexing Pariba to the Spanish Empire in 1516 , decimating nearly all of the native population . Geographically , Los Santos is located in the 'Arco Seco ' , name given to the strip of land between the Gulf of Panama and the Central Mountain range which includes areas of the provinces of Coclé , Herrera and Veraguas in the south of the Isthmus of Panama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellingham,_WA", "text": "Bellingham ( /ˈbɛlɪŋhæm/ BEL-ing-ham ) is the county seat and most populous city of Whatcom County in the U.S. state of Washington . Located 52 miles ( 84 km ) southeast of Vancouver , 90 miles ( 140 km ) north of Seattle , and 21 miles ( 34 km ) south of the U.S.-Canada border , Bellingham is in between two major metropolitan areas , Seattle and Vancouver , British Columbia . The city 's population was 80,885 at the 2010 United States Census . With a 2018 population estimate of 90,665 per the Washington State Office of Financial Management , Bellingham is the twelfth-most populous city in the state of Washington . The city of Bellingham was incorporated in 1903 through the consolidation of Fairhaven , Whatcom , Sehome and Bellingham : four historic towns that settled beside Bellingham Bay . The bay , where the present-day city and the former town of the same name derive their names from , was named Bellingham Bay by George Vancouver upon arriving to it in June 1792 . Its namesake , Sir William Bellingham , was the Controller of Storekeeper Accounts of the Royal Navy during the Vancouver Expedition . Today , Bellingham is the northernmost city with a population of more than 50,000 people in the contiguous United States . The city is a popular tourist destination known for its easy access to outdoor recreation in the San Juan Islands and North Cascades . Bellingham is undergoing redevelopment on more than 100 acres ( 40 ha ) of former industrial land in its Waterfront District with a hotel , conference center , condos , retirement living , retail and commercial development planned for the site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Lemming", "text": "Eric Otto Valdemar Lemming ( 22 February 1880 - 5 June 1930 ) was a Swedish track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 , 1906 , 1908 and 1912 Olympics in a wide variety of events , which mostly involved throwing and jumping . He had his best results in the javelin throw , which he won at the 1906-1912 Games , and in which he set multiple world records between 1899 and 1912 . His last record , measured at 62.32 m , was ratified by the International Association of Athletics Federations as the first official world record . Javelin throw was not part of the 1900 Olympics , where Lemming finished fourth in the hammer throw , high jump and pole vault . At the 1906 Intercalated Games he won a gold medal in the javelin throw and three bronze medals , in the shot put , tug of war and ancient pentathlon , which consisted of a standing long jump , discus throw ( ancient style ) , javelin throw , 192 m run , and a Greco-Roman wrestling match . He also finished fourth in the discus throw and stone throwing contests . At the 1908 Olympics , Lemming won two gold medals in two types of javelin throw , and finished eighth in the hammer throw . He won another gold medal in the javelin at his last Olympics in 1912 , where his half-brother Oscar placed tenth in pentathlon . Lemming died on 5 June 1930 at the age of 50 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colonial_Hall_and_Masonic_Lodge_No._30", "text": "Colonial Hall and Masonic Lodge No . 30 consists of two historic buildings located at 1900 3rd Avenue , South in Anoka , Minnesota . Both were owned by Anoka Lodge No 30 AF & AM , which was chartered on October 25 , 1859 . Colonial Hall , also known as the Aldrich House for its association with the house 's first owners and occupants , local medical and civil leaders Dr. Alanson and Dr. Flora Aldrich , is a two-story wooden building built in 1904 in a combination of Colonial Revival and Greek Revival styles by local renowned architect Frederick Marsh . The Aldrich House was purchased by the Anoka Lodge in 1921 , and in 1922 , construction began on the present two-story redbrick Masonic temple , which is located behind but to the north of the Colonial Hall . Designed and built in the Georgian Revival style , it was completed and occupied in 1923 . On December 31 , 1979 , Colonial Hall and Masonic Lodge No . 30 was added to the National Register of Historic Places . As of July 2019 , Anoka Lodge No . 30 was still meeting in the Lodge hall twice per month , along with Anoka-Shekinah Royal Arch Chapter # 104 , Zabud Cryptic Council # 10 , Order of the Eastern Star Marthas Chapter , Job 's Daughters Bethel 48 , and Anoka DeMolay Chapter . In December 2012 the decision was made to sell Colonial Hall to a private party for restoration . [ citation needed ] In 2016 , Colonial Hall is occupied by a tenant , The Big White House , an antiques store ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whaplode", "text": "Whaplode is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . It is just west of the Prime Meridian . The parish includes the village of Whaplode Drove , and the hamlets of Shepeau Stow , Dowsdale , Whaplode St Catherine , and Saracen 's Head ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gargoyle's_Quest", "text": "Gargoyle 's Quest : Ghosts ' n Goblins [ a ] is an action-adventure game for the original Game Boy . Developed by Capcom , it was released on May 2 , 1990 , in Japan , then North America in July , and lastly Europe in 1991 . The playable character Red Arremer ( Firebrand in the U.S. ) made his debut in the video game series Ghosts ' n Goblins as an antagonist character , of which this is a spin-off . Gargoyle 's Quest was followed by the NES prequel Gargoyle 's Quest II in 1992 and the Super Nintendo Entertainment System sequel Demon 's Crest in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Borac_Hall", "text": "Borac Hall ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хала Борац ) is an indoor arena in Čačak . It has a capacity of 4,000 people . It is home arena of KK Borac Čačak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida_State_Seminoles_baseball", "text": "The Florida State Seminoles baseball team represents Florida State University ( variously Florida State or FSU ) in the sport of college baseball . Florida State competes in NCAA Division I , and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . The Florida State Seminoles are the winningest NCAA Division I college baseball program in percentage of games won , with an all-time win percentage of .725 as of the 2019 season . The Seminoles rank sixth in all-time number of total wins and third in post-season wins . The Seminoles have appeared in the NCAA Tournament fifty-seven times , advancing to the College World Series twenty-three times - and have appeared in the CWS Championship Game or Championship Series on three occasions in 1970 , 1986 and 1999 . Florida State has won eleven regular season conference championships and twenty conference tournament championships , including eight ACC tournament titles . Florida State has had ninety-five All-Americans , forty-one players inducted into the Hall of Fame , and sixty-two players that went on to play Major League Baseball . Former Seminoles who have gone on to have success include Randy Choate , J. D. Drew , Stephen Drew , Ron Fraser , Johnny Grubb , Terry Kennedy , Doug Mientkiewicz , Shane Robinson , Larry Rothschild , Tony La Russa , Paul Sorrento , Kevin Cash , Woody Woodward , and Jameis Winston . The Buster Posey National Collegiate Catcher of the Year Award , presented annually to the top catcher in college baseball , is named for Florida State hall of famer Buster Posey . Former head coach Mike Martin is the winningest coach in the history of college baseball . The Seminoles play their home games on campus at Mike Martin Field at Dick Howser Stadium on the university 's Tallahassee , Florida campus . Mike Martin Jr. is the current head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Football_Association_of_Serbia", "text": "The Football Association of Serbia ( Serbian : Фудбалски савез Србије , ФСС / Fudbalski savez Srbije , FSS ) is the governing body of football in Serbia , based in Belgrade . It organizes Serbian football leagues , namely the Serbian Superliga , the Serbia national football team , as well as the Second Leagues . FSS was part of the Football Association of Yugoslavia , which was founded in 1919 in Zagreb then the new Football Association of Serbia and Montenegro in 2003 . It was established as Football Association of Serbia in 2006 after the split of Montenegro and Serbia as two different independent countries . Javier Clemente was appointed the first ever coach of the Serbia national football team . The current head coach is Ljubiša Tumbaković ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_James_Powers", "text": "John James Powers ( July 3 , 1912 - May 8 , 1942 ) was a United States Navy officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions in World War II . He was born in New York City on July 3 , 1912 and graduated from the U.S . Naval Academy in 1935 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mirassol_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Mirassol Futebol Clube , usually known simply as Mirassol is a Brazilian football club from Mirassol , São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hudson_County,_New_Jersey", "text": "Hudson County , a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey , lies west of the lower Hudson River , which was named for Henry Hudson , the sea captain who explored the area in 1609 . Part of New Jersey 's Gateway Region in the New York metropolitan area , Jersey City is its largest city and county seat . As of the 2018 Census estimate , Hudson County was the fastest-growing county in New Jersey compared to 2010 ; the county 's population was 676,061 , making it the state 's 4th-most populous county , an increase of 9.0% from the 2010 United States Census , when its population was enumerated at 634,266 , in turn an increase of 25,291 ( +4.2% ) from the 608,975 enumerated in the 2000 Census . Hudson County is the fourth-most populous county in the state . Hudson County is the geographically smallest and most densely populated county in New Jersey and the sixth-most densely populated county in the United States with 13,731.4 residents per square mile of total area in 2010 , and 14,973.9 per square mile in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalimpong", "text": "Kalimpong is a city and a municipality in the Indian state of West Bengal . It is located at an average elevation of 1,250 metres ( 4,101 ft ) . The city is the headquarters of the Kalimpong district . Kalimpong district region comes under Gorkhaland Territorial Administration which is an autonomous governing body within the state of West Bengal.The Indian Army 's 27 Mountain Division is located on the outskirts of the city . Kalimpong is known for its educational institutions , many of which were established during the British colonial period . It used to be a gateway in the trade between Tibet and India before China 's annexation of Tibet and the Sino-Indian War . Kalimpong and neighbouring Darjeeling were major centres calling for a separate Gorkhaland state in the 1980s , and more recently in 2010 . The municipality sits on a ridge overlooking the Teesta River and is a tourist destination owing to its temperate climate , natural environment and proximity to popular tourist locations in the region . Horticulture is important to Kalimpong : It has a flower market notable for its wide array of orchids ; nurseries , which export Himalayan grown flower bulbs , tubers and rhizomes , contribute to the economy of Kalimpong . Home to Nepalis and indigenous Lepchas , other ethnic groups and non-native immigrants from other parts of India , the town is a religious centre of Buddhism . The Tibetan Buddhist monastery Zang Dhok Palri Phodang holds a number of rare Tibetan Buddhist scriptures . The Kalimpong Science Centre , established under the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council ( DGHC ) in 2008 is a recent addition to its many tourist attractions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Objects_of_Desire", "text": "Objects of Desire is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks , released in 1982 with Warner Bros. Records . It was Franks ' seventh studio album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/André_Figueiredo", "text": "André Peixoto Figueiredo Lima ( born 10 November 1966 ) is a Brazilian lawyer , economist , entrepreneur and politician . He is a member of the Democratic Labor Party ( PDT ) . Born in Fortaleza , André Figueiredo graduated in Economy ( 1987 ) and Law ( 1995 ) by the Federal University of Ceará ( UFC ) , and postgraduated in Foreign Trade by the University of Fortaleza ( UNIFOR ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KMSP-TV", "text": "KMSP-TV , virtual and VHF digital channel 9 , is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States and serving the Twin Cities television market . The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation , as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station WFTC ( channel 9.2 ) . The two outlets share studios on Viking Drive in Eden Prairie , and transmitter facilities in Shoreview , Minnesota . KMSP-TV also serves the Mankato market ( via K35KI-D in nearby St. James through the local municipal-operated Cooperative TV ( CTV ) network of translators ) , even though that area already has a Fox affiliate of its own . KMSP-TV is also carried in Canada on Shaw Cable 's Thunder Bay , Ontario system and on Bell MTS Fibe TV in the province of Manitoba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harper_Collins", "text": "HarperCollins Publishers L.L.C . is one of the world 's largest publishing companies and is one of the Big Five English-language publishing companies , alongside Penguin Random House , Simon & Schuster , Hachette , and Macmillan . The company is headquartered in New York City and is a subsidiary of News Corp . The name is a combination of several publishing firm names : Harper & Row , an American publishing company acquired in 1987 ( whose own name was the result of an earlier merger of Harper & Brothers ( founded 1817 ) and Row , Peterson & Company ) , together with UK publishing company William Collins , Sons ( founded 1819 ) , acquired in 1990 . The worldwide CEO of HarperCollins is Brian Murray . HarperCollins has publishing groups in the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Australia , New Zealand , India , and China . The company publishes many different imprints , both former independent publishing houses and new imprints ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Durham,_North_Carolina", "text": "Durham ( /ˈdʌrəm/ ) is a city in and the county seat of Durham County in the U.S. state of North Carolina . Small portions of the city limits extend into Orange County and Wake County . The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city 's population to be 274,291 as of July 1 , 2018 , making it the 4th-most populous city in North Carolina , and the 79th-most populous city in the United States . The city is located in the east-central part of the Piedmont region along the Eno River . Durham is the core of the four-county Durham-Chapel Hill Metropolitan Area , which has a population of 542,710 as of U.S. Census 2014 Population Estimates . The US Office of Management and Budget also includes Durham as a part of the Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area , commonly known as the Research Triangle , which has a population of 2,037,430 as of U.S. Census 2014 Population Estimates . A railway depot was established on land donated by Bartlett S. Durham in 1849 , the namesake of the city . Following the American Civil War , the community of Durham Station expanded rapidly , in part due to the tobacco industry . The town was incorporated by act of the North Carolina General Assembly , on April 1869 . The establishment of Durham County was ratified by the General Assembly 12 years later , in 1881 . It became known as the founding place and headquarters of the American Tobacco Company . Textile and electric power industries also played an important role ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_10_Conference", "text": "The Atlantic 10 Conference ( A-10 ) is a collegiate athletic conference whose schools compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's ( NCAA ) Division I . The A-10 's member schools are located in states mostly on the United States Eastern Seaboard , as well as some in the Midwest - Massachusetts , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Virginia , Ohio , and Missouri as well as in the District of Columbia . Although some of its members are state-funded , half of its membership is made up of private , Catholic institutions . Despite the name , there are 14 full-time members , and two affiliate members that participate in women 's field hockey only . The current commissioner is Bernadette McGlade , who began her tenure in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lucknow", "text": "Lucknow ( /ˈlʌknaʊ/ ( listen ) , Hindi : [ ləkʰnəuː ] Lakhna ' ū ) is the capital city of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , and is also the administrative headquarters of the eponymous district and division . It is the fourteenth-most populous city and the twelfth-most populous urban agglomeration of India . Lucknow has always been a multicultural city that flourished as a North Indian cultural and artistic hub , and the seat of power of Nawabs in the 18th and 19th centuries . It continues to be an important centre of governance , administration , education , commerce , aerospace , finance , pharmaceuticals , technology , design , culture , tourism , music and poetry . The city stands at an elevation of approximately 123 metres ( 404 ft ) above sea level . Lucknow district covers an area of 2,528 square kilometres ( 976 sq mi ) . Bounded on the east by Barabanki , on the west by Unnao , on the south by Raebareli and in the north by Sitapur and Hardoi , Lucknow sits on the northwestern shore of the Gomti River . Historically , Lucknow was the capital of the Awadh region , controlled by the Delhi Sultanate and later the Mughal Empire . It was transferred to the Nawabs of Awadh . In 1856 , the British East India Company abolished local rule and took complete control of the city along with the rest of Awadh and , in 1857 , transferred it to the British Raj . Along with the rest of India , Lucknow became independent from Britain on 15 August 1947 . It has been listed as the 17th-fastest growing city in India and 74th in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Antonio_Serrano_(athlete)", "text": "Antonio Serrano Sánchez ( born 8 March 1965 in La Solana , Ciudad Real ) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 10.000 metres and road running ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Utah", "text": "Utah ( /ˈjuːtɑː/ YOO-tah , /ˈjuːtɔː/ ( listen ) YOO-taw ) is a state in the western United States . It became the 45th state admitted to the U.S. on January 4 , 1896 . Utah is the 13th-largest by area , 30th-most-populous , and 11th-least-densely populated of the 50 United States . Utah has a population of more than 3 million according to the Census estimate for July 1 , 2018 . Urban development is mostly concentrated in two areas : the Wasatch Front in the north-central part of the state , which contains approximately 2.5 million people ; and Washington County in Southern Utah , with over 160,000 residents . Utah is bordered by Colorado to the east , Wyoming to the northeast , Idaho to the north , Arizona to the south , and Nevada to the west . It also touches a corner of New Mexico in the southeast . Approximately 62% of Utahns are reported to be members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , making Utah the only state with a majority population belonging to a single church . This greatly influences Utahn culture , politics , and daily life . The church 's world headquarters is located in Salt Lake City . The state is a center of transportation , education , information technology and research , government services , and mining and a major tourist destination for outdoor recreation . In 2013 , the U.S. Census Bureau estimated that Utah had the second-fastest-growing population of any state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belarus", "text": "Belarus ( /bɛləˈruːs/ ; Belarusian : Беларусь , IPA : [ bʲɛlaˈrusʲ ] ) , officially the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : Рэспубліка Беларусь , Russian : Республика Беларусь ) , formerly known by its Russian name Byelorussia or Belorussia ( Russian : Белоруссия ) , is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast , Ukraine to the south , Poland to the west , and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest . Its capital and most populous city is Minsk . Over 40% of its 207,600 square kilometres ( 80,200 sq mi ) is forested . Its major economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing . Until the 20th century , different states at various times controlled the lands of modern-day Belarus , including the Principality of Polotsk ( 11th to 14th centuries ) , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and the Russian Empire . In the aftermath of the 1917 Russian Revolution , Belarus declared independence as the Belarusian People 's Republic , which was conquered by Soviet Russia . The Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union in 1922 and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Byelorussian SSR ) . Belarus lost almost half of its territory to Poland after the Polish-Soviet War of 1919-1921 . Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 , when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were reintegrated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland , and were finalized after World War II . During WWII , military operations devastated Belarus , which lost about a quarter of its population and half of its economic resources . The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years . In 1945 the Byelorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations , along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Puerto_Rico", "text": "The University of Puerto Rico ( in Spanish , Universidad de Puerto Rico , or UPR ) is the main public university system of Puerto Rico and a government-owned corporation of Puerto Rico . The institution consists of 11 campuses and has approximately 58,000 students and 5,300 faculty members . UPR has the largest and most diverse academic offerings in Puerto Rico , with 472 academic programs of which 32 lead to a doctorate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cosmic_Circle_of_Fellowship", "text": "Cosmic Circle of Fellowship was a mid-twentieth century UFO religion that claimed to offer interdimensional travel through deep relaxation . During the 1950s , it became connected with the contactee movement , people who believed they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings . The Circle was founded by a postman named William R. Ferguson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Hill", "text": "Eric Gordon Hill OBE ( 7 September 1927 - 6 June 2014 ) was an English author and illustrator of children 's picture books , best known for his puppy character named Spot . His works have been widely praised for their contributions to child literacy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taito", "text": "Taito Corporation ( 株式会社タイトー , Kabushiki gaisha Taitō ) is a Japanese company that specializes in video games , toys , arcade cabinets and game centers , based out of Shinjuku , Tokyo . The company was founded by Michael Kogan in 1953 as the Taito Trading Company , importing vodka , vending machines and jukeboxes into Japan . It would begin production of video games in 1973 . In 2005 , Taito was purchased by Square Enix , becoming a wholly owned subsidiary by 2006 . Taito is recognized as an important player in the early days of video games , producing several hit games such as Space Invaders , Bubble Bobble , Arkanoid , and Darius . Alongside Konami , Namco and Sega , it is one of the most prominent video game companies from Japan and the first that exported its games into other countries . Several of its games have since been recognized as important and revolutionary for the industry - Space Invaders in particular was a major contributor to the growth of video games in the mid-1970s , and the aliens featured in the games are seen as iconic emblems within the video game industry . The company maintains a chain of arcade centers , known as Game Taito Stations , across Japan , alongside being a manufacturer of toys , plush dolls and UFO-catcher prizes . It is currently housed in Shinjuku Bunka Quint Building in Yoyogi , Shibuya , the same building as parent company Square Enix ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susan_Corrock", "text": "Susan Corrock Luby ( born November 30 , 1951 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer , a member of the U.S . Ski Team in the early 1970s . Talented in all three disciplines , she had 16 top ten finishes in World Cup competition : 8 in downhill , 2 in giant slalom , and 6 in slalom . Born in Seattle , Washington , Corrock skied as a youth at Snoqualmie Pass and later trained in Ketchum , Idaho at Sun Valley . She made her World Cup debut in January 1970 at the age of 18 . Two years later , she won the bronze medal in the downhill at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo , Japan , the only podium of her international career . She later finished ninth in the slalom event , won by teammate Barbara Cochran ; three Americans placed in the top ten . Corrock competed on the World Cup circuit for four seasons , retiring after the 1973 season at the age of 21 . In the real estate business , Corrock lived in Vail , Colorado , in the 1980s and later relocated to Spokane , Washington , with husband Bob Luby and their two children ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Bradley", "text": "William Warren Bradley ( born July 28 , 1943 ) is an American politician and former professional basketball player . He served three terms as a Democratic U.S . Senator from New Jersey . He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic Party 's nomination for president in the 2000 election . Bradley was born and raised in Crystal City , Missouri , a small town 45 miles ( 72 km ) south of St. Louis . He excelled at basketball from an early age . He did well academically and was an all-county and all-state basketball player in high school . He was offered 75 college scholarships , but declined them all to attend Princeton University . He won a gold medal as a member of the 1964 Olympic basketball team and was the NCAA Player of the Year in 1965 , when Princeton finished third in the NCAA Tournament . After graduating in 1965 , he attended Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship , delaying a decision for two years on whether or not to play in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . While at Oxford , Bradley played one season of professional basketball in Europe and eventually decided to join the New York Knicks in the 1967-68 season , after serving six months in the Air Force Reserve . He spent his entire ten-year professional basketball career playing for the Knicks , winning NBA titles in 1970 and 1973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Porus_(TV_series)", "text": "Porus is a historical drama television series based on the Battle of the Hydaspes , visualizing the lives of Indian warrior and ruler Porus , King of the Pauravas and Alexander The Great , King of the Macedonian Empire . It premiered on 27 November 2017 on Sony TV . It aired its last episode on 13 November 2018 . Another historical drama Chandragupta Maurya replaced it with seamless continuity of story . The show is created by Siddharth Kumar Tewary of Swastik Productions . It is the most expensive show on Indian television , having a budget of about INR 500 crores ( roughly USD 70 million ) . In Sri Lanka , it airs on Sirasa TV , dubbed into Sinhala under the name Digvijaya . The rights to the drama have also been sold to Thailand , Malaysia , Cambodia , Myanmar , Laos , and Vietnam . It is also dubbed in Tamil as Maaveeran which currently airs on Sun Life channel , Sun TV network from October 2018 onwards.The Malayalam version is titled Porus which currently airs on Surya TV from January 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Liberty_State_College", "text": "West Liberty University ( WLU ) is a public university in West Liberty , West Virginia , United States , near Wheeling . West Liberty University is West Virginia 's oldest institution of higher education . It offers more than 70 undergraduate majors plus a number of graduate programs , including a master 's degree in education and an online MBA . WLU 's athletic teams , known as the Hilltoppers , are charter members of the NCAA Division II Mountain East Conference with nearly 400 student-athletes participating in 18 intercollegiate sports , including football , basketball , wrestling , track , tennis , baseball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Ritz_Hotel,_London", "text": "The Ritz London is a Grade II listed 5-star hotel located in Piccadilly in London , England . A symbol of high society and luxury , the hotel is one of the world 's most prestigious and best known hotels . It is a member of the international consortium , The Leading Hotels of the World . Over the course of its history the Ritz has become so associated with luxury and elegance that the word ritzy has entered the English language to denote something that is ostentatiously stylish , fancy , or fashionable . The hotel was opened by Swiss hotelier César Ritz in May 1906 , eight years after he established the Hôtel Ritz Paris . After a weak beginning , the hotel began to gain popularity towards the end of World War I , and became popular with politicians , socialites , writers and actors of the day in particular . David Lloyd George held a number of secret meetings at the Ritz during the latter half of the war , and it was at the Ritz that he made the decision to intervene on behalf of Greece against Turkey . Noël Coward was a notable diner at the Ritz in the 1920s and 1930s . Owned by the Bracewell-Smith family for a period until 1976 , The Ellerman Group of Companies purchased the hotel for £80 million from Trafalgar House in October 1995 . They spent eight years and £40 million restoring it to its former grandeur . In 2002 , it became the first hotel to receive a Royal warrant from the Prince of Wales for its banquet and catering services . The exterior is both structurally and visually Franco-American in style with little trace of English architecture , and is heavily influenced by the architectural traditions of Paris ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Motorola", "text": "Motorola , Inc. ( /ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/ ) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25 , 1928 , based in Schaumburg , Illinois . After having lost $ 4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009 , the company was divided into two independent public companies , Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4 , 2011 . Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola , as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off . Motorola Mobility was sold to Google in 2012 , and acquired by Lenovo in 2014 . Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers . Motorola 's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes , digital video recorders , and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting , computer telephony , and high-definition television . Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems ( used to build private networks ) , and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra . These businesses ( except for set-top boxes , wireless networks , and cable modems ) are now part of Motorola Solutions . Google sold Motorola Home ( the former General Instrument cable businesses ) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US $ 2.35 billion . Motorola 's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones . Also known as the Personal Communication Sector ( PCS ) prior to 2004 , it pioneered the mobile phone with DynaTAC , flip phone with the MicroTAC , as well as the clam phone with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s . It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr , but lost market share in the second half of that decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego,_California", "text": "San Diego ( /ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/ , Spanish : [ san ˈdjeɣo ] ; Spanish for Saint Didacus ) is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean , approximately 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico . With an estimated population of 1,425,976 as of July 1 , 2018 , San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California . It is part of the San Diego-Tijuana conurbation , the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the U.S. and a bordering country after Detroit-Windsor , with a population of 4,922,723 people . The city is known for its mild year-round climate , natural deep-water harbor , extensive beaches , long association with the United States Navy , and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center . San Diego has been called the birthplace of California . Historically home to the Kumeyaay people , it was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States . Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542 , Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain , forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later . The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá , founded in 1769 , formed the first European settlement in what is now California . In 1821 , San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire , which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later . California became part of the United States in 1848 following the Mexican-American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850 . The city is the seat of San Diego County and is the economic center of the region as well as the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area . San Diego 's main economic engines are military and defense-related activities , tourism , international trade , and manufacturing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Draco_Rosa", "text": "Draco Cornelius Rosa Suárez ( Spanish : [ ˈdɾako koɾˈneljus ˈrosa ˈswaɾes ] ; born Robert Edward Rosa Suárez , June 27 , 1970 ) , also known as Draco Rosa , Robi Draco Rosa or simply Draco , is a multiple-time Grammy and Latin Grammy winning American-born Puerto Rican musician , singer , songwriter , composer , multi-instrumentalist , dancer , record producer and entrepreneur . Rosa originally garnered fame as a member of boy band Menudo in the 1980s , singing lead on the band 's biggest stateside hit , Hold Me and featuring prominently in the accompanying music video . After leaving the band he moved to Brazil where he released two albums , achieving mainstream success . Following a brief subsequent stint in California , he returned to New York and joined the band Maggie 's Dream , which split after only one album , allowing him to resume his solo career . The singer and composer has released numerous albums , and has composed multiple songs for Ednita Nazario , Julio Iglesias and former Menudo band-mate , Ricky Martin . He has also been featured on VH1 's Behind the Music . Rosa has been highly influenced by the works of Bob Dylan , Miles Davis , Iggy Pop , Jimi Hendrix , Johnny Cash , Luis Alberto Spinetta , The Doors , Camarón de la Isla , Horacio Quiroga , Caetano Veloso , Glenn Danzig , Edgar Allan Poe and Jim Morrison . In 1988 , at age 18 , he made his motion picture debut in the film Salsa , which was a big hit in Puerto Rico . During the filming of the movie , he met actress Angela Alvarado who would later become his wife . In 1996 , he released the Latino alternative rock album Vagabundo produced by Phil Manzanera before helping launch Ricky Martin 's musical career into a new global setting with Vuelve . Rosa wrote and produced various of Martin 's hit singles including María , Livin ' la Vida Loca , She 's All I Ever Had , The Cup of Life , She Bangs and Shake Your Bon-Bon , among others . Rosa toured with Lenny Kravitz during the summer of 2004 to promote his concept album Mad Love ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torreya_nucifera", "text": "Torreya nucifera is a slow-growing , coniferous tree native to southern Japan and to South Korea 's Jeju Island . It is also called kaya ( 榧 ) Japanese torreya or Japanese nutmeg-yew ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Wrestling competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China , were held at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium from 12-21 August 2008 . It was split into two disciplines , Freestyle and Greco-Roman which are further divided into different weight categories . Men competed in both disciplines whereas women only took part in the freestyle events with 18 gold medals being awarded . This was the second Olympics with women 's wrestling as an event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HNK_Hajduk_Split", "text": "HNK Hajduk Split ( Croatian : Hrvatski nogometni klub Hajduk Split , English : Croatian Football Club Hajduk Split ) , commonly referred to as Hajduk Split ( Croatian pronunciation : [ xǎjduːk splît ] ) or simply Hajduk , is a professional Croatian football club founded in 1911 , and based in the city of Split . Since 1979 , the club 's home ground has been the 35,000-seat Stadion Poljud . The team 's traditional home colours are white shirts with blue shorts and blue socks . Hajduk is by far the most popular football club in Croatia , having support from all corners of the country . A lot of support comes from abroad as well , not only from Croatian natives , but foreign fans as well . Hajduk was founded by a group of Split students in a famous tavern known as U Fleků in Prague . Between the early 1920s and 1940 , Hajduk regularly participated in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia national championship . Following World War II and the formation of the Yugoslav league system in 1946 , Hajduk went on to spend the entire SFR Yugoslavia period at the top level . The club 's run continued following the breakup of Yugoslavia , as the club joined the Croatian First League in its inaugural season in 1992 , never having been relegated from its top tier . They are one of the most successful teams in Croatia and ex-Yugoslavia , having won nine Yugoslav and six Croatian league championships , in addition to nine Yugoslav and five Croatian cup titles and five Croatian supercup titles , without ever being relegated from its countries top football league . The club 's golden era came in the 1970s , when they won four Yugoslav leagues and five Yugoslav cups . Hajduk is also the only club in Yugoslav football history that has won five-straight Yugoslav cups ( between 1972 and 1977 ) , and also the only unbeaten champion ( season 1950 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Progressive_rock", "text": "Progressive rock ( shortened as prog ; sometimes called art rock , classical rock or symphonic rock ) is a broad genre of rock music that developed in the United Kingdom and United States throughout the mid- to late 1960s . Initially termed progressive pop , the style was an outgrowth of psychedelic bands who abandoned standard pop traditions in favour of instrumentation and compositional techniques more frequently associated with jazz , folk , or classical music . Additional elements contributed to its progressive label : lyrics were more poetic , technology was harnessed for new sounds , music approached the condition of art , and the studio , rather than the stage , became the focus of musical activity , which often involved creating music for listening rather than dancing . Prog is based on fusions of styles , approaches and genres , involving a continuous move between formalism and eclecticism . Due to its historical reception , prog 's scope is sometimes limited to a stereotype of long solos , long albums , fantasy lyrics , grandiose stage sets and costumes , and an obsessive dedication to technical skill . While the genre is often cited for its merging of high culture and low culture , few artists incorporated literal classical themes in their work to any great degree , and only a handful of groups purposely emulated or referenced classical music . The genre coincided with the mid-1960s economic boom that allowed record labels to allocate more creative control to their artists , as well as the new journalistic division between pop and rock that lent generic significance to both terms . Prog saw a high level of popularity in the early-to-mid-1970s , but faded soon after . Conventional wisdom holds that the rise of punk rock caused this , but several more factors contributed to the decline . Music critics , who often labelled the concepts as pretentious and the sounds as pompous and overblown , tended to be hostile towards the genre or to completely ignore it . After the late 1970s , progressive rock fragmented in numerous forms . Some bands achieved commercial success well into the 1980s ( albeit with changed lineups and more compact song structures ) or crossed into symphonic pop , arena rock , or new wave ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_American_Racing", "text": "British American Racing , abbreviated as BAR , was a Formula One constructor that competed in the sport from 1999 to 2005 . BAR began by acquiring Tyrrell , and used Supertec engines for their first year . Subsequently , they formed a partnership with Honda which lasted for the next six years . The team was named after British American Tobacco plc ( BAT ) , which owned and sponsored it in order to display its Lucky Strike and 555 brands . The headquarters were in Brackley , Northamptonshire , United Kingdom . In mid-November 2004 , Japanese automobile manufacturer Honda purchased 45% of the team , and in September 2005 , purchased the remaining 55% share to become the sole owner . Consequently , BAR Honda became Honda Racing F1 Team for the 2006 Formula One season . BAT continued as title sponsor with the Lucky Strike brand , but due to new tobacco advertising regulations worldwide , pulled its sponsorship from Formula One entirely at the end of the 2006 season . Honda ran the team for the 2006 , 2007 and 2008 seasons . During 2008 , the Honda RA109 was being developed for the following year while Honda attempted to sell the team . A management buy-out by team principal Ross Brawn and an engine supply deal with Mercedes-Benz resulted in a remarkable 2009 season in which Brawn GP team won the Constructors ' Championship with Jenson Button winning the Drivers ' Championship . Mercedes bought the team in November 2009 and as of January 2020 [ update ] , the team competes as Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denis_Irwin", "text": "Joseph Denis Irwin ( born 31 October 1965 ) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a full-back from 1983 to 2004 . Born in Cork , Ireland , he is best known for his long and successful stint at Manchester United , where he established himself as one of the most important players in the United team that won a host of domestic and European trophies in his time there between 1990 and 2002 . He has been regarded by Alex Ferguson as , pound for pound , his greatest ever signing . Earlier in his career he played for Leeds United and then Oldham Athletic , and finished his career with a two-year spell at Wolverhampton Wanderers . Irwin was capped by the Republic of Ireland national side 56 times , scoring four goals and featuring in the side that reached the second round ( last 16 ) at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Irwin is the joint most successful Irish footballer in history , a record he shares with fellow Manchester United stalwart Roy Keane , having won 19 major trophies in his career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Texas_A&M_Aggies_baseball", "text": "The Texas A & M Aggie baseball team represents Texas A & M University in NCAA Division I college baseball . The Aggies have competed in the Southeastern Conference since 2013 . The Aggies play home games at Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park . The team is led by head coach Rob Childress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Enzo_Mascherini", "text": "Enzo Mascherini ( 6 August 1910 , Florence - 29 July 1981 , Livorno ) was an Italian operatic baritone , one of the leading baritones of his generation . He studied in Florence with Titta Ruffo and Riccardo Stracciari and made his debut there in 1937 , as Giorgio Germont in La traviata , and also sang at the premiere of Gian Francesco Malipiero 's Antonio e Cleopatra , in 1938 . He made his debut at the San Carlo in Naples , in 1939 , and at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan , in 1940 . He appeared in two legendary performances opposite Maria Callas , the first at the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in 1951 , as Montforte in I vespri siciliani , under Erich Kleiber , and on opening night of the 1952-53 season at La Scala , as Macbeth , under Victor de Sabata . He also appeared there in La bohème ( with Giuseppe di Stefano , 1952 ) , La favorite ( 1953 ) , Faust ( with Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , 1954 ) , Don Carlos ( with Callas , 1954 ) , and , again , La bohème ( conducted by Leonard Bernstein , 1955 ) . After the war , he began an international career , appearing in Paris , Vienna , Prague , London , Mexico City , Rio de Janeiro , Chicago , San Francisco , etc . In 1946 and 1947 , Mascherini appeared at the New York City Opera , in La bohème ( as Marcello ) , La traviata ( with Dorothy Kirsten ) , Pagliacci ( as Silvio , later as Tonio ) , Rigoletto , Andrea Chénier ( opposite Vivian della Chiesa , directed by Theodore Komisarjevsky ) , and Il barbiere di Siviglia ( with Luigi Infantino and Virginia MacWatters ) . He made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera on 7 December 1949 as Marcello in Giacomo Puccini 's La bohème with Bidu Sayão as Mimì , Ferruccio Tagliavini as Rodolfo , Lois Hunt as Musetta , and Giuseppe Antonicelli conducting . He performed in several other roles at the Met during the 1949-1950 season , including Germont in La traviata ( with Licia Albanese as Violetta and Jan Peerce as Alfredo ) , Lescaut in Manon Lescaut ( with Richard Tucker as Des Grieux ) , Valentin in Faust ( with di Stefano in the title role ) , and the title role in Rigoletto ( with Erna Berger as Gilda ) . He also went on tour to South Africa in 1951 . A fine singing-actor with a powerful voice and solid technique , he taught in Florence after retiring from the stage . Among his pupils was the baritone Alexander Malta ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bank_of_America_Open", "text": "The Bank of America Open was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2002 to 2008 . It was played at The Glen Club in Glenview , Illinois , United States . It was known as the LaSalle Bank Open from 2002 to 2007 . The 2008 purse was $ 750,000 , with $ 135,000 going to the winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Allison,_Jr.", "text": "James Allison Jr. ( October 4 , 1772 - June 17 , 1854 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Krawatencross", "text": "The Krawatencross is a cyclo-cross race held in Lille , Belgium , which is part of the DVV Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Danielle_Jones", "text": "The murder of Danielle Jones ( 16 October 1985 - c. 18 June 2001 ) was an English murder case where no body was found and the conviction relied upon forensic authorship analysis of text messages sent on the victim 's mobile phone . Danielle Sarah Jones , was last seen alive on 18 June 2001 . Jones 's uncle , Stuart Campbell , a builder , was convicted of abduction and murder on 19 December 2002 . Campbell was sentenced to life imprisonment for murder as well as 10 years for abduction . After the trial , controversy arose when it was revealed Campbell had prior convictions for indecent assault on other girls of similar ages . The use of forensic authorship analysis of text messages in the case provoked research into its use in other cases ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High_school", "text": "A secondary school is an organization that provides secondary education and the building where this takes place . Some secondary schools provide both lower secondary education and upper secondary education ( levels 2 and 3 of the ISCED scale ) , but these can also be provided in separate schools , as in the American middle and high school system . Secondary schools typically follow on from primary schools and prepare for vocational or tertiary education . Attendance is compulsory in most countries for students until the age of 16 . The organisations , buildings , and terminology are more or less unique in each country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sporting_Clube_de_Portugal", "text": "Sporting Clube de Portugal ComC MHIH OM ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈspɔɾtĩɡ ( ɨ ) ˈkluβ ( ɨ ) ðɨ puɾtuˈɣaɫ ] ) ( Euronext : SCP ) , otherwise known as Sporting , Sporting CP , and referred to colloquially as Sporting Lisbon , is a football club based in Lisbon , Portugal . Founded on 1 July 1906 , Sporting is one of the Três Grandes ( Big Three ) clubs in Portugal , along with rivals S.L . Benfica and FC Porto , that have never been relegated from the top flight of Portuguese football , Primeira Liga , since 1934 . Sporting are nicknamed Leões ( Lions ) and Verde e Brancos ( Green and Whites ) . The club 's anthem , A Marcha do Sporting ( Sporting 's March ) , was written in 1955 . In March 2019 , Sporting reported having more than 80,500 paying members , with the rest of them , 98,400 , without their fees paid in full . Sporting are the third most decorated Portuguese football team , with a total of 50 trophies , including one international title , the 1963-64 European Cup Winners ' Cup . Domestically , they have won 18 Primeira Liga titles , 17 Portuguese Cups ( Taça de Portugal ) , 4 Championship of Portugal ( a record tied with Porto ) , 2 Taça da Liga and 8 Portuguese Super Cup trophies . Internationally , Sporting are currently ranked 31st in UEFA club rankings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elvana_Gjata", "text": "Elvana Gjata ( Albanian pronunciation : [ ɛlvana ɟata ] ; born 3 February 1987 ) , also known mononymously as Elvana , is an Albanian singer , songwriter , composer , actress , model and entrepreneur who has been recognised for embracing various musical styles throughout her career . She is regarded as one of the leading figures in the Albanian music industry . Born and raised in Tirana , Elvana performed in diverse singing and dancing competitions as a child . She rose to significant recognition in the Albanian-speaking world , after the release of her first two studio albums Mamës ( 2007 ) and Afër dhe larg ( 2011 ) both of which were influenced by r & b and dance-pop music . Her later released extended play 3 ( 2018 ) incorporated more elements of contemporary pop-rock and balkan-folk music . Elvana has worked in the United States for a certain time where she came into close liaison with producers including Poo Bear and David Guetta . She has more than 664 million views , as of December 2019 , on YouTube being among the most viewed artists in the Albanian music industry . She is also among the most followed artists on Instagram in Albania , Kosovo and other Albanian-speaking territories . She is the recipient of numerous awards and accolades including the Balkan Music Award , Festivali i Këngës Award , Kënga Magjike Award and Top Fest Award . She also won season three of the dancing competition television series Dancing with the Stars ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boise,_Idaho", "text": "Boise ( /ˈbɔɪsi/ ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Idaho , and is the county seat of Ada County . Located on the Boise River in southwestern Idaho , it is 41 miles ( 66 km ) east of the Oregon border , and 110 miles ( 177 km ) north of the Nevada border . The downtown area 's elevation is 2,704 feet ( 824 m ) above sea level . Its estimated population in 2018 was 228,790 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Panthers_men's_basketball", "text": "The Pittsburgh Panthers men 's basketball team is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball program of the University of Pittsburgh , often referred to as Pitt , located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The Pitt men 's basketball team competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) and plays their home games in the Petersen Events Center . The Panthers were retroactively recognized as the pre-NCAA Tournament national champion twice by the Helms Athletic Foundation and once by the Premo-Porretta Power Poll . Pitt has reached one Final Four , received 15 First Team All-American selections , appeared in 26 NCAA and nine National Invitation Tournaments ( NIT ) and through the 2017-18 season , and has recorded 1,601 victories against 1,152 losses since their inaugural season of 1905-06 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ian_Thornley", "text": "Ian Thornley ( born July 21 , 1972 ) is a Canadian rock guitarist , vocalist , and songwriter . He is best known for his band Big Wreck as well as Thornley , his solo project during the 2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saarlouis", "text": "Saarlouis ( German pronunciation : [ ˌzaːɐ̯luˈiː ] ; French : Sarrelouis , French pronunciation : ​ [ saʁlwi ] ) is a city in the Saarland , ( Germany ) , capital of the district of Saarlouis . In 2017 , the town had a population of 34,758 . Saarlouis , as the name implies , is located on the River Saar . It was built as a fortress in 1680 and named after Louis XIV of France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Mario_World", "text": "Super Mario World [ a ] is a 1990 side-scrolling platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) . The story follows Mario 's quest to save Princess Toadstool and Dinosaur Land from the series antagonist Bowser and his minions , the Koopalings . The gameplay is similar to that of earlier Super Mario games : Players control Mario or his brother Luigi through a series of levels in which the goal is to reach the flagpole at the end . Super Mario World introduced Yoshi , a dinosaur who can eat enemies and gain abilities by eating the shells of Koopa Troopas . Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development developed the game , led by director Takashi Tezuka and producer and series creator Shigeru Miyamoto . It is the first Mario game for the SNES and was designed to make the most of the console 's technical features . The development team had more freedom compared to the series instalments for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) . Yoshi was conceptualised during the development of the NES games but was not used until Super Mario World due to hardware limitations . Super Mario World is often considered one of the greatest video games of all time . It sold over 20 million copies worldwide , making it the best-selling SNES game . It also led to an animated television series of the same name and a prequel , Yoshi 's Island , released in August and October 1995 . It has been rereleased on multiple occasions : It was part of the 1994 compilation Super Mario All-Stars + Super Mario World for the SNES and was rereleased for the Game Boy Advance as Super Mario World : Super Mario Advance 2 in 2001 , on the Virtual Console for the Wii , Wii U , and New Nintendo 3DS consoles , and as part of the Super NES Classic Edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HB_Køge", "text": "HB Køge ( Danish pronunciation : [ ˈkʰøː ( i̯ ) ə ] ) is a professional Danish football club based primarily in the town of Herfølge , and secondly in the town of Køge , both in the Køge Municipality , part of 'Region of Zealand ' , in the eastern part of Zealand , south of Copenhagen . It was created through the merger of Herfølge Boldklub and Køge Boldklub in 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashtead_railway_station", "text": "Ashtead railway station is in Ashtead , Surrey , England . It is 16 miles 19 chains ( 26.1 km ) down the line from London Waterloo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Glenn", "text": "John Herschel Glenn Jr. ( July 18 , 1921 - December 8 , 2016 ) was a United States Marine Corps aviator , engineer , astronaut , businessman , and politician . He was the first American to orbit the Earth , circling it three times in 1962 . Following his retirement from NASA , he served from 1974 to 1999 as a Democratic United States senator from Ohio , and in 1998 flew into space again at age 77 . Before joining NASA , Glenn was a distinguished fighter pilot in World War II , China and Korea . He shot down three MiG-15s , and was awarded six Distinguished Flying Crosses and eighteen Air Medals . In 1957 , he made the first supersonic transcontinental flight across the United States . His on-board camera took the first continuous , panoramic photograph of the United States . He was one of the Mercury Seven , military test pilots selected in 1959 by NASA as the nation 's first astronauts . On February 20 , 1962 , Glenn flew the Friendship 7 mission , becoming the first American to orbit the Earth , and the fifth person and third American in space . He received the NASA Distinguished Service Medal in 1962 , the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in 1978 , was inducted into the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame in 1990 , and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2012 . Glenn resigned from NASA in January 1964 . A member of the Democratic Party , Glenn was first elected to the Senate in 1974 and served for 24 years , until January 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qviding_FIF", "text": "Qviding FIF is a Swedish football club located in Gothenburg . The club was formed October 1987 following a merger of the BK Qviding and Fräntorps IF clubs . Qviding FIF is currently playing in Division 1 Södra . In recent years the club has had 4 seasons in the Superettan . Qviding FIF are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund . Valhalla IP has been their home ground since 2008 , having previously played at Torpavallen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coastal_Collegiate_Sports_Association", "text": "The Coastal Collegiate Sports Association is an NCAA Division I college athletic conference . Established in 2008 , the Coastal Collegiate Swimming Association ( CCSA ) was originally developed by four regional Division I conferences - the Atlantic Sun Conference , Big South Conference , Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference , and the Southern Conference - to create a centralized home for their members with swimming and diving programs . In October 2015 , the CCSA added the newly recognized NCAA sport of beach volleyball and rebranded itself the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association . The CCSA now has 24 member schools , representing 11 states ( Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Maryland , Mississippi , New Jersey , North Carolina , South Carolina , Texas , and Virginia ) and the District of Columbia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinki_Hall", "text": "Pinki Cultural and Sports Center ( Serbian Cyrillic : Културно спортски центар Пинки ) , commonly known as Pinki Hall ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хала Пинки ) , is an indoor multi-sports venue located in Belgrade 's municipality of Zemun , Serbia . The venue has an indoor hall and an indoor swimming pool . The hall has a seating capacity of 2,300 for sports events and around 5,000 for concerts . Opened on 21 October 1974 , on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Zemun being liberated from the Nazis and their puppet state Independent State of Croatia , the hall has hosted various basketball , handball , and volleyball teams . Its initial full official name was Dom sportova , omladine i pionira Pinki ( Pinki Hall of Sports , Youth , and Pioneers ) . It now mostly serves for recreational use . It is the only sports venue in the city of Belgrade not financed by the city government , because Zemun 's municipal government headed by the Serbian Radical Party ( SRS ) in 2000 transformed the venue 's controlling entity into a publicly traded company and sold the controlling stake ( 49% ) to Naftna industrija Srbije ( NIS ) oil company . [ citation needed ] The venue is named after Boško Palkovljević Pinki , a prominent Partisan fighter during World War II in Yugoslavia and a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_1995", "text": "The 30th Biathlon World Championships were held in 1995 for the third time in Antholz-Anterselva , Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naranjito_Canton", "text": "Naranjito Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of Naranjito . Its population at the 2001 census was 31,756 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Alejandro_Villanueva", "text": "The Estadio Alejandro Villanueva , formerly Estadio Alianza Lima , is a football stadium located in the neighborhood of Matute in La Victoria District in Lima , Peru . The stadium is the home of Alianza Lima . The stadium has a capacity of 33,938 people . It is named after former Alianza Lima player Alejandro Villanueva ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lucien_Theys", "text": "Lucien Theys ( 25 February 1927 - 19 January 1996 ) was a Belgian long-distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics . He was the winner of the 1950 International Cross Country Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1948_Chicago_Bears_season", "text": "The 1948 season was the Chicago Bears ' 29th in the National Football League . The team improved on their 8-4 record from 1947 and finished with a 10-2 record under head coach George Halas , but the team finished second in the NFL Western Division yet again missing out on an NFL title game appearance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CTV_2", "text": "bio . ( previously known as CTV 2 ) is a Canadian English language television system that is owned by the Bell Media subsidiary of Bell Canada . The system consists of four terrestrial owned-and-operated television stations ( O & Os ) in Ontario and three in British Columbia , and two regional cable-only channels , one in Atlantic Canada and the other in Alberta ( the latter formerly being the provincial educational channel in that province under the name Access Alberta ) . bio . provides complementary programming to Bell Media 's larger CTV network - primarily newer or younger-skewing series which have smaller audiences than those on the main CTV network , and operates primarily in markets that overlap with the service area of an existing CTV station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kentucky's_3rd_congressional_district", "text": "Kentucky 's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kentucky . It encompasses almost all of Louisville Metro , which , since the merger of 2003 , is consolidated with Jefferson County , though other incorporated cities exist within the county , such as Shively and St. Matthews . The far southeast reaches of Louisville Metro are part of the 4th Congressional District . The district is currently represented by Democrat John Yarmuth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bomdila", "text": "Bomdila is the headquarters of West Kameng district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in India . Bomdila is one of the 60 constituencies of the state of Arunachal Pradesh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Umberto_Malvano", "text": "Umberto Malvano ( 17 July 1884 - ? ) was an early Italian football player from Turin . He was one of the thirteen men who founded Juventus in 1897 . After several years of playing as a striker for Juventus , he moved to rivals AC Milan and won the Italian Football Championship in 1906 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luoyang", "text": "Luoyang ( Luòyáng ) is a city located in the confluence area of Luo River and Yellow River in the west of Henan province . Governed as a prefecture-level city , it borders the provincial capital of Zhengzhou to the east , Pingdingshan to the southeast , Nanyang to the south , Sanmenxia to the west , Jiyuan to the north , and Jiaozuo to the northeast . As of the final 2010 census , Luoyang had a population of 6,549,941 inhabitants with 1,857,003 people living in the built-up ( or metro ) area made of the city 's five urban districts , all of which except the Jili District are not urbanized yet . Situated on the central plain of China , Luoyang is one of the cradles of Chinese civilization , and is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Marble_Index_(band)", "text": "The Marble Index is a Canadian rock band from Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . The group formed in 2001 , and comprised Brad Germain ( guitars and vocals ) , Ryan Tweedle ( bass ) , and Adam Knickle ( drums ) . The band is named after the album The Marble Index by Nico . Not be to be confused with the American rock band The Marble Index from Austin , Texas , which formed in 1993 and disbanded in 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six:_Rogue_Spear", "text": "Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Rogue Spear is a tactical first-person shooter video game developed and published in 1999 by Ubi Soft Milan and Red Storm Entertainment . It is the sequel to 1998 's Rainbow Six game based on the Tom Clancy novel of the same name . Rogue Spear is based on the same game engine and features gameplay and presentation similar to that of the original Rainbow Six . The game pits the counter-terrorist unit , Rainbow , against global terrorist organizations that in some cases have taken hostages or have armed themselves with weapons of mass destruction . Rogue Spear focuses on realism , planning , strategy and teamwork . Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Rogue Spear was released for Microsoft Windows on August 31 , 1999 , with versions for the Mac OS ( 2000 ) , Dreamcast ( 2000 ) , PlayStation ( 2001 ) , and Game Boy Advance ( 2002 ) released later . A PlayStation 2 port was also announced at the time , but it was later canceled ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Intermodal_Center", "text": "Miami Intermodal Center ( MIC ) is an intermodal rapid transit , commuter rail , intercity rail , local bus , and intercity bus transportation hub in unincorporated Miami-Dade County , Florida , United States , just outside the City of Miami limits near the Grapeland Heights neighborhood . The facility was constructed by the Florida Department of Transportation and is owned by the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority . The MIC is located on Northwest 21st Street near North Douglas Road ( West 37th Avenue ) , east of Le Jeune Road ( West 42nd Avenue ) and Miami International Airport ( MIA ) , and south of the Miami River and the Airport Expressway ( SR 112 ) . It is currently served by Tri-Rail , Metrorail , the MIA Mover , Metrobus , Greyhound Lines , and may possibly be served by Amtrak in the future . The station portion of the MIC is signed as Miami International Airport on Metrorail and Miami Airport Station on Tri-Rail . It would have appeared as Miami on Amtrak timetables . The MIC 's rental car center ( RCC ) opened on July 13 , 2010 . The MIA Mover began to operate at the MIC on September 9 , 2011 , followed by Metrorail on July 28 , 2012 . Tri-Rail and Greyhound began using it on April 5 , 2015 . Amtrak service has been delayed because the platforms were constructed to insufficient length . Service was expected to begin in Fall 2016 , but has been postponed indefinitely ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Haris_Safwan_Mohd_Kamal", "text": "Haris Safwan Kamal ( born 8 June 1982 ) is a former Malaysian footballer who last plays as a forward for Hanelang . Haris Safwan is the former member of Malaysia U-23 team in 2003 until 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christiansborg_Palace", "text": "Christiansborg Palace ( Danish : Christiansborg Slot ; pronounced [ kʰʁɛstjænsˈpɔɐ̯ˀ ˈslɒt ] ) is a palace and government building on the islet of Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen , Denmark . It is the seat of the Danish Parliament ( Folketinget ) , the Danish Prime Minister 's Office , and the Supreme Court of Denmark . Also , several parts of the palace are used by the Danish monarch , including the Royal Reception Rooms , the Palace Chapel and the Royal Stables . The palace is thus home to the three supreme powers : the executive power , the legislative power , and the judicial power . It is the only building in the world that houses all three of a country 's branches of government . The name Christiansborg is thus also frequently used as a metonym for the Danish political system , and colloquially it is often referred to as Rigsborgen ( 'the castle of the realm ' ) or simply Borgen ( 'the castle ' ) . The present building , the third with this name , is the last in a series of successive castles and palaces constructed on the same site since the erection of the first castle in 1167 . Since the early fifteenth century , the various buildings have served as the base of the central administration ; until 1794 as the principal residence of the Danish kings and after 1849 as the seat of parliament . The palace today bears witness to three eras of Danish architecture , as the result of two serious fires . The first fire occurred in 1794 and the second in 1884 . The main part of the current palace , finished in 1928 , is in the historicist Neo-baroque style . The chapel dates back to 1826 and is in a neoclassical style ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_Aqueduct", "text": "The Delaware Aqueduct is an aqueduct in the New York City water supply system . It takes water from the Rondout , Cannonsville , Neversink , and Pepacton reservoirs on the west bank of the Hudson River through the Chelsea Pump Station , then into the West Branch , Kensico , and Hillview reservoirs on the east bank , ending in at Hillview in Yonkers , New York . The aqueduct was constructed between 1939 and 1945 , and carries approximately half of New York City 's water supply of 1.3 billion US gallons ( 4,900,000 m3 ) per day . At 13.5 feet ( 4.1 m ) wide and 85 miles ( 137 km ) long , the Delaware Aqueduct is the world 's longest tunnel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hastings_College", "text": "Hastings College is a private , church-related , residential liberal arts college in Hastings , Nebraska ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Julie_Pomagalski", "text": "Julie Pomagalski ( born 10 October 1980 ) is a French snowboarder . She was born in La Tronche . She competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics , where she placed sixth in parallel giant slalom . She competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics , where she placed sixth in parallel giant slalom . She won a gold medal in snowboard cross at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 1999 , and a silver medal in parallel giant slalom at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Industrial_Revolution", "text": "The Industrial Revolution , now also known as the First Industrial Revolution , was the transition to new manufacturing processes in Europe and the United States , in the period from about 1760 to sometime between 1820 and 1840 . This transition included going from hand production methods to machines , new chemical manufacturing and iron production processes , the increasing use of steam power and water power , the development of machine tools and the rise of the mechanized factory system . The Industrial Revolution also led to an unprecedented rise in the rate of population growth . Textiles were the dominant industry of the Industrial Revolution in terms of employment , value of output and capital invested . The textile industry was also the first to use modern production methods . :40 The Industrial Revolution began in Great Britain , and many of the technological innovations were of British origin . By the mid-18th century Britain was the world 's leading commercial nation , controlling a global trading empire with colonies in North America and the Caribbean , and with major military and political hegemony on the Indian subcontinent , particularly with the proto-industrialised Mughal Bengal , through the activities of the East India Company . The development of trade and the rise of business were among the major causes of the Industrial Revolution . :15 The Industrial Revolution marks a major turning point in history ; almost every aspect of daily life was influenced in some way . In particular , average income and population began to exhibit unprecedented sustained growth . Some economists say that the major effect of the Industrial Revolution was that the standard of living for the general population in the western world began to increase consistently for the first time in history , although others have said that it did not begin to meaningfully improve until the late 19th and 20th centuries . GDP per capita was broadly stable before the Industrial Revolution and the emergence of the modern capitalist economy , while the Industrial Revolution began an era of per-capita economic growth in capitalist economies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Friends", "text": "Friends is an American sitcom television series , created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman , which aired on NBC from September 22 , 1994 , to May 6 , 2004 , lasting ten seasons . With an ensemble cast starring Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox , Lisa Kudrow , Matt LeBlanc , Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer , the show revolved around six friends in their 20s and 30s who lived in Manhattan , New York City . The series was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions , in association with Warner Bros. Television . The original executive producers were Kevin S. Bright , Kauffman , and Crane . Kauffman and Crane began developing Friends under the title Insomnia Cafe between November and December 1993 . They presented the idea to Bright , and together they pitched a seven-page treatment of the show to NBC . After several script rewrites and changes , including title changes to Six of One and Friends Like Us , the series was finally named Friends . Filming of the show took place at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank , California . All ten seasons of Friends ranked within the top ten of the final television season ratings ; it ultimately reached the number-one spot in its eighth season . The series finale aired on May 6 , 2004 , and was watched by around 52.5 million American viewers , making it the fifth most-watched series finale in television history , and the most-watched television episode of the 2000s decade . Friends received acclaim throughout its run , becoming one of the most popular television shows of all time . The series was nominated for 62 Primetime Emmy Awards , winning the Outstanding Comedy Series award in 2002 for its eighth season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Girl_Guiding_and_Girl_Scouting", "text": "A Girl Guide or Girl Scout is a member of a section of some Guiding organisations who is between the ages of 10 and 14 . Age limits are different in each organisation . The term Girl Scout is used in the United States and several East Asian countries . The two terms are used synonymously within this article . Girl Guides are organised into units/troops averaging 15-30 girls under guidance of a team of leaders . Units subdivide into patrols of about six Guides and engage in outdoor and special interest activities . Units may affiliate with national and international organisations . Some units , especially in Europe , have been co-educational since the 1970s , allowing boys and girls to work together as Scouts . There are other programme sections for older and younger girls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Furka_Oberalp_Bahn", "text": "The Furka Oberalp Railway ( German : Furka Oberalp Bahn ) is a narrow gauge mountain railway in Switzerland with a gauge of 1,000 mm ( 3 ft 3 3⁄8 in ) . It runs in the Graubünden , Uri and Canton of Valais . Since January 1 , 2003 it is part of the Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn when it merged with the BVZ Zermatt-Bahn . The line begins in Disentis in the canton of Graubünden , where there is a connection to the Rhätische Bahn ( RhB ) . It then runs over the Oberalp Pass to Andermatt in the canton of Uri . Through the Furka Base Tunnel it reaches the Goms District area and Brig in the canton of Valais . In Brig , it connects to the BVZ Zermattbahn since 1930 . The first half of the line was opened by the French company Brig-Furka-Disentis Bahn ( BFD ) in 1914 . Trains could go as far as Gletsch , starting from Brig . Construction of the second part over the Furka Pass and Oberalp Pass was well under way when the war situation in France halted all works by 1915 . The company lingered on , but was finally bankrupt in 1923 . Two years later the railway had a new owner , called Furka Oberalp Bahn , founded by the cantons and the neighbouring railway companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dolores_Checa", "text": "Dolores Checa ( born December 27 , 1982 in Valencia ) is a Spanish middle-distance and long-distance runner . She represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2007 World Championships in Athletics . Her international debut came at the 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics , where she competed in the 1500 metres . She was the 3000 metres gold medallist at the 2008 Ibero-American Championships and won the 5000 metres at the 2009 European Team Championships . She won the 5000 m title for a second time at the 2011 European Team Championships . She has also represented Spain over 3000 m at the European Athletics Indoor Championships , coming eighth in 2007 and fifth in 2011 . She also occasionally competes in cross country running and was third at the 2011 Cross Internacional de la Constitución ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_California", "text": "The University of California ( UC ) is a public university system in the U.S. state of California . Under the California Master Plan for Higher Education , the University of California is a part of the state 's three-system public higher education plan , which also includes the California State University system and the California Community Colleges System . The University of California was founded on March 23 , 1868 , and operated in Oakland before moving to its campus in Berkeley in 1873 . In March 1951 , the University of California began to reorganize itself into something distinct from its campus at Berkeley , with Robert Gordon Sproul remaining in place as the first systemwide President , Clark Kerr becoming the first Chancellor of UC Berkeley , and Raymond B. Allen became the first Chancellor of UCLA . However , the 1951 reorganization was stalled by resistance from Sproul and his allies , and it was not until Kerr succeeded Sproul as President that UC was able to evolve into a system from 1957 to 1960 . In the 21st century , the University of California has 10 campuses , a combined student body of 280,380 students , 21,200 faculty members , 144,000 staff members and over 1.86 million living alumni , as governed by a semi-autonomous Board of Regents . Its tenth and newest campus in Merced opened in fall 2005 . Nine campuses enroll both undergraduate and graduate students ; one campus , UC San Francisco , enrolls only graduate and professional students in the medical and health sciences . In addition , the UC Hastings College of Law , located in San Francisco , is legally affiliated with UC , but other than sharing its name is entirely autonomous from the rest of the system . The University of California also manages or co-manages three national laboratories for the U.S. Department of Energy : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) , and Los Alamos National Laboratory ( LANL ) . Collectively , the colleges , institutions , and alumni of the University of California make it the most comprehensive and advanced postsecondary educational system in the world , responsible for nearly $ 50 billion per year of economic impact . UC campuses have large numbers of distinguished faculty in almost every academic discipline , with UC faculty and researchers having won at least 62 Nobel Prizes as of 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victor_de_Sabata", "text": "Victor de Sabata ( 10 April 1892 - 11 December 1967 ) was an Italian conductor and composer . He is widely recognized as one of the most distinguished operatic conductors of the twentieth century , especially for his Verdi , Puccini and Wagner . De Sabata is acclaimed for his interpretations of orchestral music . Like his near contemporary Wilhelm Furtwängler , de Sabata regarded composition as more important than conducting but achieved more lasting recognition for his conducting than his compositions . De Sabata has been praised by various authors and critics as a rival to Toscanini for the title of greatest Italian conductor of the twentieth century , and even as perhaps the greatest conductor in the world . In 1918 , aged 26 , de Sabata was appointed conductor of the Monte Carlo Opera , performing a wide variety of late-19th century and contemporary works , and earning acclaim from Maurice Ravel . De Sabata became the music director at La Scala in Milan , a post he would hold for over 20 years . His animated conducting style led one observer to describe his appearance in performance as a cross between Julius Caesar and Satan . Following World War II , his career expanded internationally . He was a frequent guest conductor in London , New York and other American cities . His post-war operatic work included celebrated collaborations with Maria Callas and Renata Tebaldi , most notably his famous recording of Tosca with Callas in 1953 . His career was cut short by a heart attack that same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jermaine_Anderson_(English_footballer)", "text": "Jermaine Barrington Anderson ( born 16 May 1996 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bradford City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Military_operation", "text": "A military operation is the coordinated military actions of a state , or a non-state actor , in response to a developing situation . These actions are designed as a military plan to resolve the situation in the state or actor 's favor . Operations may be of a combat or non-combat nature and may be referred to by a code name for the purpose of national security . Military operations are often known for their more generally accepted common usage names than their actual operational objectives ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Macedon_(town),_New_York", "text": "Macedon is a town in Wayne County , New York , United States . The population was 9,148 at the 2010 census . The Town of Macedon is named after the birthplace of Alexander the Great , in Ancient Macedonia . It is located in the southwest corner of Wayne County and contains a hamlet also named Macedon , formerly an incorporated village . The town is east of Rochester and west of Syracuse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sogndal", "text": "Sogndal is a municipality in Vestland county , Norway . It is located on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden in the traditional district of Sogn . The village of Sogndalsfjøra is the administrative center of Sogndal municipality . Other villages include Kaupanger , Kjørnes , Fimreite , Nornes , and Fjærland . Sogndal Airport , Haukåsen is located 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) southwest of Kaupanger . The Norwegian dialect spoken in Sogndal is called sognamål . In 1917 , a farmer in Sogndal plowed up the Eggja stone , a gravestone with runic inscriptions important for the history of the Old Norse language . The 746-square-kilometre ( 288 sq mi ) municipality is the 148th largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway . Sogndal is the 135th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 8,191 . The municipality 's population density is 11.1 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 29/sq mi ) and its population has increased by 17.6% over the last decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deeper_Shade_of_Blue", "text": "Deeper Shade of Blue is a song by British group Steps , released as the band 's ninth single . The song is an uptempo pop song about the darker side of life and an attempt to break free . It was the fifth song to be released from the group 's second album Steptacular . The song was originally recorded by Tina Cousins but , aside from a few promotional 12 records , her version remains unreleased . The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number four and spent one more week in the top ten before falling down the charts . After a total of nine weeks , the shortest for any Steps single , the song left the top 75 . The first two verses are performed by H and Claire , respectively , whilst all 5 members perform the middle 8 . The chorus features all five voices . In October 2011 following the reformation of the band , they performed the track on Lorraine Kelly and Loose Women . The song was included on Steps 's compilation albums Gold : Greatest Hits ( 2001 ) , The Last Dance ( 2002 ) , and The Ultimate Collection ( 2011 ) . On September 1 , 2015 , Claire Richards premiered a new stripped backed piano recording of the track via her social media pages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rosa_Nouchette_Carey", "text": "Rosa Nouchette Carey ( 27 September 1840 - 9 July 1909 ) was an English children 's writer and popular novelist , whose works reflected the values of her time and were thought of as wholesome for girls . However , they are not entirely bereft of grit and realism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_C._Lee", "text": "Mark Charles Lee USAF Colonel , ( born August 14 , 1952 ) is a former NASA astronaut who flew on four Space Shuttle missions . He retired from the Air Force and NASA on July 1 , 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Brady_Bunch", "text": "The Brady Bunch is an American sitcom created by Sherwood Schwartz that aired from September 26 , 1969 , to March 8 , 1974 , on ABC . The series revolves around a large blended family with six children . Considered one of the last of the old-style family sitcoms , the series aired for five seasons and , after its cancellation in 1974 , went into syndication in September 1975 . While the series was never a critical success or hit series during its original run , it has since become a popular staple in syndication , especially among children and teenaged viewers . The Brady Bunch 's success in syndication led to several television reunion films and spin-off series : The Brady Bunch Hour ( 1976-77 ) , The Brady Girls Get Married ( 1981 ) , The Brady Brides ( 1981 ) , A Very Brady Christmas ( 1988 ) , and The Bradys ( 1990 ) . In 1995 , the series was adapted into a satirical comedy theatrical film titled The Brady Bunch Movie , followed by A Very Brady Sequel in 1996 . A second sequel , The Brady Bunch in the White House , aired on Fox in November 2002 as a made-for-television film . In 1997 , Getting Davy Jones ( season three , episode 12 ) was ranked number 37 on TV Guide 's 100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time . The enduring popularity of the show has resulted in it becoming widely recognized as an American cultural icon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Patton", "text": "Robert Thomas Patton ( born October 21 , 1954 ) is a former American football center who played for one season in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played high school football at West Side Central Catholic High School ( later Bishop O'Reilly - now closed ) in Kingston , Pennsylvania and college football for the Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens , he was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 1976 . He played in 12 games for the Bills in 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado", "text": "Colorado ( /ˌkɒləˈrædoʊ , -ˈrɑːdoʊ/ ( listen ) , other variants ) is a state of the Western United States encompassing most of the southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains . It is the 8th most extensive and 21st most populous U.S. state . The estimated population of Colorado is 5,770,545 as of 2019 , an increase of 14.7% since the 2010 United States Census . The state was named for the Colorado River , which early Spanish explorers named the Río Colorado ( Red River ) for the ruddy silt the river carried from the mountains . The Territory of Colorado was organized on February 28 , 1861 , and on August 1 , 1876 , U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant signed Proclamation 230 admitting Colorado to the Union as the 38th state . Colorado is nicknamed the Centennial State because it became a state one century after the signing of the United States Declaration of Independence . Colorado is bordered by Wyoming to the north , Nebraska to the northeast , Kansas to the east , Oklahoma to the southeast , New Mexico to the south , Utah to the west , and touches Arizona to the southwest at the Four Corners . Colorado is noted for its vivid landscape of mountains , forests , high plains , mesas , canyons , plateaus , rivers and desert lands . Colorado is part of the western and southwestern United States and is one of the Mountain States . Denver is the capital and most populous city of Colorado . Residents of the state are known as Coloradans , although the antiquated term Coloradoan is occasionally used ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cuando_Me_Enamoro", "text": "Cuando Me Enamoro ( English : When I Fall in Love ) is a Latin pop song written and performed by Spanish pop singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias and featuring Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra released on 26 April 2010 , as the first single from his ninth studio album . The song is the main-theme of the Mexican telenovela of the same title starring Silvia Navarro and Juan Soler . This is the second time since Nunca Te Olvidaré that a song of Enrique Iglesias was chosen as the main-theme of a telenovela . Cuando Me Enamoro became a contender for Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year . The single has sold around a million digital downloads worldwide to the date . This song was dedicated for K , O , M . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Chuncheon_Stadium", "text": "Chuncheon Songam Sports Town is a sports complex in Chuncheon , South Korea . Former stadium was built in 1980 as Chuncheon Civic Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pleasant_View,_Colorado", "text": "Pleasant View is an unincorporated community and a U.S. Post Office located in Montezuma County , Colorado , United States . The Pleasant View Post Office has the ZIP Code 81331 . Pleasant View should not be confused with the Census-designated place ( CDP ) in Jefferson County , also known as Pleasant View ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Šibenik", "text": "Šibenik ( Croatian pronunciation : [ ʃîbeniːk ] ( listen ) ; Italian : Sebenico ) is a historic city in Croatia , located in central Dalmatia where the river Krka flows into the Adriatic Sea . Šibenik is a political , educational , transport , industrial and tourist center of Šibenik-Knin County and also the third-largest city in the historic region of Dalmatia . It is the oldest native Croatian town on the shores of the sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holland_Roden", "text": "Holland Marie Roden ( born October 7 , 1986 ) is an American actress . She is known for her roles as Lydia Martin in MTV 's teen drama series Teen Wolf and as Zoe Woods in Syfy 's horror anthology series Channel Zero : Butcher 's Block ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norah_Jones", "text": "Norah Jones ( born Geethali Norah Jones Shankar ; March 30 , 1979 ) is an American singer , songwriter , pianist and actress . She has won multiple awards and has sold more than 50 million records worldwide . Billboard named her the top jazz artist of the 2000s decade . She has won nine Grammy Awards and was ranked 60th on Billboard magazine 's artists of the 2000s decade chart . In 2002 , Jones launched her solo music career with the release of Come Away with Me , which was a fusion of jazz with country , blues , folk and pop . It was certified Diamond , selling over 27 million copies . The record earned Jones five Grammy Awards , including the Album of the Year , Record of the Year , and Best New Artist . Her subsequent studio albums - Feels Like Home , released in 2004 , Not Too Late , released in 2007 , and 2009 's The Fall all gained Platinum status , selling over a million copies each . They were also generally well received by critics . Jones 's fifth studio album , Little Broken Hearts , was released on April 27 , 2012 ; her sixth , Day Breaks , was released on October 7 , 2016 . Jones made her feature film debut as an actress in My Blueberry Nights , which was released in 2007 and was directed by Wong Kar-Wai . Jones is the daughter of Indian sitar master and composer Ravi Shankar , and is the half-sister of fellow musician Anoushka Shankar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hardmead", "text": "Hardmead is a small village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England . It is in the north of the Borough , about seven miles west of Bedford , five miles north east of Newport Pagnell . The village is close to the A422 road , on a very small road linking that to nearby Newton Blossomville . It is in the civil parish of Astwood . The village name is Old English in origin , and means 'Heoruwulf 's meadow ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 it was called Herulfmede . The village is very small with a population of around 100 people . The nearest pub is located one mile away in Astwood and the nearest shop is about four miles distant . The former church of St Mary 's Hardmead is Grade I listed and dates from the 13th century . It has been redundant since the 1980s and is now in the care of the charity Friends of Friendless Churches . There are monuments in the church to the Catesby family and to the explorer Robert Shedden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jon_Kempin", "text": "Jonathan Kempin ( born April 8 , 1993 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Major League Soccer ( MLS ) club Columbus Crew SC . He previously appeared for Sporting Kansas City ( SKC ) and LA Galaxy and spent time on loan with Orlando City , OKC Energy , San Antonio Scorpions , Swope Park Rangers , LA Galaxy II , and Hartford Athletic . Kempin was born in Leawood , Kansas and attended Blue Valley North High School , winning a state title as a freshman and being inducted into the school 's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2017 . He played club soccer in the Kansas City Wizards system , climbing through the club 's academy setup before signing for the first team as a homegrown player in August 2010 . Kempin made his debut for the renamed Sporting Kansas City in May 2012 , going on to appear 12 times for the team in seven seasons . He took part in the iconic Double Post game against Portland Timbers in the 2015 MLS Cup Playoffs . Kempin spent four spells on loan while with SKC , winning a USL Pro championship with Orlando City and also spending time with OKC Energy , San Antonio Scorpions , and Swope Park Rangers . After being released by Sporting KC , he spent a year in the LA Galaxy organization before joining Columbus Crew SC ahead of the 2018 season . Kempin represented the United States from U14 to U23 level . He was a part of the U17 residency program at the IMG Soccer Academy while in high school , and represented the U18 , U20 , and U23 teams in competitive matches . Kempin earned his only senior call-up in January 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palm_Beach_International_Airport", "text": "Palm Beach International Airport ( IATA : PBI , ICAO : KPBI , FAA LID : PBI ) is a public airport in Palm Beach County , Florida , west of the city of West Palm Beach , Florida . It is the primary airport for West Palm Beach , Boca Raton , Wellington , Palm Beach , and the surrounding area . It is also one of three major airports serving the Miami metropolitan area . The airport is operated by Palm Beach County 's Department of Airports . Road access to the airport is direct from I-95 , Southern Boulevard , and Congress Avenue . The airport is bordered on the west by Military Trail ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skin_Dive", "text": "Skin Dive is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks , released in 1985 with Warner Bros. Records . It was Franks ' ninth studio album , and the first he co-produced himself . The single off this album , Your Secret 's Safe With Me , is his biggest Adult Contemporary hit , peaking at # 4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Joseph_Communications", "text": "St. Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sangam_(1964_Hindi_film)", "text": "Sangam ( transl . Confluence ) is a 1964 Bollywood romance film , directed by Raj Kapoor , written by Inder Raj Anand , and produced by Kapoor with Mehboob Studio and Filmistan . The film stars Vyjayanthimala , Raj Kapoor and Rajendra Kumar in the lead roles , with Iftekhar , Raj Mehra , Nana Palsikar , Lalita Pawar , Achala Sachdev and Hari Shivdasani appearing in supporting roles . Sangam was Raj Kapoor 's first colour film , distinguished by its technicolor and epic length ( even by Bollywood standards ) . It became a hit in India and is considered a classic today . Overseas , the film released in the Soviet Union in 1964 and Turkey in 1968 , as well as Bulgaria , Greece and Hungary . Director Dasari Narayana Rao remade the film in Telugu and Kannada languages as Swapna ( 1981 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_NFL_season", "text": "The 2008 NFL season was the 89th regular season of the National Football League , themed with the slogan Believe in Now . Super Bowl XLIII , the league 's championship game , was at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida , on February 1 , 2009 , with the Pittsburgh Steelers coming out victorious over the Arizona Cardinals 27-23 and winning their NFL-record sixth Vince Lombardi Trophy . Conversely , the Detroit Lions became the first NFL team with a winless season since the strike-shortened 1982 NFL season , finishing their season 0-16 . For the first time since the NFL expanded to the sixteen game season in 1978 , three teams won two or fewer games : the Lions , the Kansas City Chiefs , and the St. Louis Rams . Previously two teams won two or fewer games in 1979 , 1981 , 1983 , 1985 , 1992 , and 2001 . Also , for the first time since the 1985 Denver Broncos , a team finishing with an 11-5 record missed the playoffs . The regular season began on September 4 with the defending Super Bowl XLII champion New York Giants defeating the Washington Redskins 16-7 , and concluded with the 2009 Pro Bowl on February 8 , 2009 , in Honolulu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Herbert_Rose", "text": "Frank Herbert Rose ( 5 July 1857 - 10 July 1928 ) was a Member of Parliament from the Labour Party for Aberdeen North from 1918 to his death . Prior to his election in this constituency , he had been the first Labour Parliamentary candidate for Crewe , in 1910 . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Fire", "text": "Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the exothermic chemical process of combustion , releasing heat , light , and various reaction products . Slower oxidative processes like rusting or digestion are not included by this definition . Fire is hot because the conversion of the weak double bond in molecular oxygen , O2 , to the stronger bonds in the combustion products carbon dioxide and water releases energy ( 418 kJ per 32 g of O2 ) ; the bond energies of the fuel play only a minor role here . At a certain point in the combustion reaction , called the ignition point , flames are produced . The flame is the visible portion of the fire . Flames consist primarily of carbon dioxide , water vapor , oxygen and nitrogen . If hot enough , the gases may become ionized to produce plasma . Depending on the substances alight , and any impurities outside , the color of the flame and the fire 's intensity will be different . Fire in its most common form can result in conflagration , which has the potential to cause physical damage through burning . Fire is an important process that affects ecological systems around the globe . The positive effects of fire include stimulating growth and maintaining various ecological systems . The negative effects of fire include hazard to life and property , atmospheric pollution , and water contamination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Stanley_Cup_Finals", "text": "The 2004 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League 's ( NHL ) 2003-04 season , and the culmination of the 2004 Stanley Cup playoffs . The Eastern Conference champion Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Western Conference champion Calgary Flames in seven games and were awarded the Stanley Cup . It was Tampa Bay 's first-ever appearance in the final . For Calgary , it was the team 's third appearance , and first since their championship season of 1989 . Lightning owner William Davidson would soon become the first owner in sports history to win two championships in one year as eight days later , the other team that Davidson owned ( the Detroit Pistons of the NBA ) won the NBA title in five games over the Los Angeles Lakers . This was the last Stanley Cup Final played for two years , as the 2004-05 NHL lockout occurred three months after the end of this final , lasting over ten months and leading to the cancellation of the 2005 Final , with the league not returning to play for the Cup until 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Egypt_Eyalet", "text": "The Eyalet of Egypt operated as an administrative division of the Ottoman Empire from 1517 to 1867 . It originated as a result of the conquest of Mamluk Egypt by the Ottomans in 1517 , following the Ottoman-Mamluk War ( 1516-1517 ) and the absorption of Syria into the Empire in 1516 . The Ottomans administered Egypt as an eyalet of the their Empire ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت مصر Eyālet-i Mıṣr ) from 1517 until 1867 , with an interruption during the French occupation of 1798 to 1801 . Egypt always proved a difficult province for the Ottoman Sultans to control , due in part to the continuing power and influence of the Mamluks , the Egyptian military caste who had ruled the country for centuries . As such , Egypt remained semi-autonomous under the Mamluks until Napoleon Bonaparte 's French forces invaded in 1798 . [ dubious - discuss ] After Anglo-Turkish forces expelled the French in 1801 , Muhammad Ali Pasha , an Albanian military commander of the Ottoman army in Egypt , seized power in 1805 . Egypt under the Muhammad Ali dynasty remained nominally an Ottoman province . Istanbul granted Egypt the status of an autonomous vassal state or Khedivate in 1867 . Isma'il Pasha ( Khedive from 1863 to 1879 ) and Tewfik Pasha ( Khedive from 1879 to 1892 ) governed Egypt as a quasi-independent state under Ottoman suzerainty until the British occupation of 1882 . Nevertheless , the Khedivate of Egypt ( 1867-1914 ) remained a de jure Ottoman province until 5 November 1914 , when it was declared [ by whom ? ] a British protectorate in reaction to the Young Turks of the Ottoman Empire joining the First World War on the side of the Central Powers ( October-November 1914 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Rural_Alberta_Advantage", "text": "The Rural Alberta Advantage is a Canadian indie rock band that formed in 2005 in Toronto , Ontario . The band consists of Nils Edenloff on lead vocals and guitar , Amy Cole ( Robin Hatch between September 2016 and January 2018 ) on keyboards , bass , and backing vocals , and Paul Banwatt on drums . They have released four albums and are signed to Paper Bag Records in Canada and Saddle Creek Records internationally . In 2011 they were nominated for a Polaris Music Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cuckoo_(2014_film)", "text": "Cuckoo is a 2014 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Raju Murugan and produced by Fox Star Studios . The film stars Dinesh and Malavika Nair as a visually challenged pair , while Aadukalam Murugadoss plays a pivotal role . The film was released on 21 March 2014 and received generally positive reviews ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Overstock.com", "text": "Overstock.com , Inc. is an American internet retailer headquartered in Midvale , Utah , near Salt Lake City . Overstock.com was originally founded in 1997 by Robert Brazell as D2 : Discounts Direct . Two years later , it was sold to Patrick M. Byrne who renamed it Overstock.com . The company initially sold exclusively surplus and returned merchandise on an online e-commerce marketplace , liquidating the inventories of at least 18 failed dot-com companies at below-wholesale prices . The company continues to sell home decor , furniture , bedding , and many other goods that are closeout merchandise ; however , it also sells new merchandise . In May 2002 , Overstock held an IPO at a per-share price of $ 13 , and after achieving significant growth and profits in some early quarters , achieved a profit of $ 7.7 million in 2009 and reported its first billion-dollar year in 2010 . The business started rebranding in early 2011 , as O.co , to simplify and unify its international operations but interrupted this effort a few months later , citing consumer confusion over the new name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Virginia_Mountaineers_baseball", "text": "The West Virginia Mountaineers baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball program of West Virginia University , located in Morgantown , West Virginia , United States . The program has been a member of the NCAA Division I Big 12 Conference since the start of the 2013 season . The program currently plays at Monongalia County Ballpark in the adjacent city of Granville . Randy Mazey has been the team 's head coach since prior to the 2013 season . As of the end of the 2019 season , the program has appeared in 13 NCAA Tournaments . It has won five conference tournament championships and 15 regular season conference and division titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Šaban_Trstena", "text": "Shaban Tërstena ( Albanian : Shaban Tërstena , Macedonian : Шабан Трстена , Serbo-Croatian : Šaban Trstena ) ( born 1 January 1965 ) , is a Macedonian Albanian former freestyle wrestler . Tërstena was born in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia and is of Albanian heritage . Growing up in Čair , Tërstena joined the Liria Wrestling Club and was trained by notable coaches Mentaz Allajbegu and Hajrush Sinani , who had also trained notable wrestlers Shaban Sejdiu , Bajram Qorrolli , Abdulla Mehmeti , Mustaf Syla , Shend Kamberi and Adnan Elezi . Tërstena won the gold medal at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and also won the silver medal at the Seoul Olympics in 1988 . Tërstena is currently the youngest to win any wrestling gold at the Olympics , being 19 years of age at the Los Angeles Olympics . In the 1984 European Championships , Tërstena won gold beating the then World Champion Valentin Yordanov . Tërstena would then win silver in 1983 , 1985 , 1986 , and the bronze in 1982 and 1988 . In the 1982 World Wrestling Championships , Tërstena reached bronze . During the three times he competed in the Mediterranean or Balkan Games , he won gold in all three . He has been pronounced the Best Macedonian athlete many times and once , in 1984 the best athlete of Yugoslavia . In 2000 he has been also pronounced the best Albanian athlete of the last century . He has won 715 matches out of 741 fights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moses_Hampton", "text": "Moses Hampton ( October 28 , 1803 - June 27 , 1878 ) was a Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kristin_Armstrong", "text": "Kristin Armstrong ( born August 11 , 1973 ) is a former professional road bicycle racer and three-time Olympic gold medalist , the winner of the women 's individual time trial in 2008 , 2012 , and 2016 . Before temporarily retiring to start a family in 2009 , she rode for Cervélo TestTeam in women 's elite professional events on the National Racing Calendar ( NRC ) and UCI Women 's World Cup . She announced a return to competitive cycling beginning in the 2011 season , competing for Peanut Butter & Co. TWENTY12 at the Redlands Classic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/12th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 12th Indian Infantry Division is a division of the Indian Army . It was formed during World War II in January 1943 , in Persia . It was renamed South Persia Area in January 1945 . During the war it had 34th Indian Infantry Brigade , 39th Indian Infantry Brigade , and 60th Indian Infantry Brigade under command . The division was formed again on 3 November 1966 from forces in the Barmer sector of the border with Pakistan . In December 1971 the 12th was under Southern Command , with the 30th , 45th and 322nd Infantry Brigades . Today the Arjun MBT is entering service with 140th Armoured Brigade , 12th Infantry Division in Jaisalmer . The two Arjun units have been reported as the 43 Armoured Regiment ( Suratgarh ) and 75 Armoured Regiment ( Jaisalmer ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Wilson_(defensive_back)", "text": "David Alan Wilson ( born June 10 , 1970 ) is a former American football defensive back who played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) . Wilson was born in Los Angeles , California and attended Reseda High School . He played collegiately at the University of California and was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the 7th round of the 1992 NFL Draft , the 183rd overall pick . Wilson played for the Vikings and the New England Patriots during his brief NFL career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ica,_Peru", "text": "Ica ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈika ] ) ( Quechua : Ika ) is the capital of the Department of Ica in southern Peru . While the area was long inhabited by varying cultures of indigenous peoples , the Spanish conquistador Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera claimed its founding in 1563 . As of the 2017 census , it had a population of over 282,407 . The city suffered extensive damage and loss of life during the 2007 Peru earthquake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long_Island,_Bahamas", "text": "Long Island is an island in the Bahamas that is split by the Tropic of Cancer . It is one of the Districts of the Bahamas and is known as the most scenic island in the Bahamas . Its capital is Clarence Town . The population of Long Island is 3,094 inhabitants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manassas_Line", "text": "The Manassas Line is a Virginia Railway Express commuter line that extends from Washington , D.C. to Bristow , Virginia . The first of VRE 's two lines , with service beginning on June 22 , 1992 , the line operates on tracks owned by CSX Transportation and Norfolk Southern Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Berkeley", "text": "George Berkeley ( /ˈbɑːrkli/ ; 12 March 1685 - 14 January 1753 ) - known as Bishop Berkeley ( Bishop of Cloyne ) - was an Irish philosopher whose primary achievement was the advancement of a theory he called immaterialism ( later referred to as subjective idealism by others ) . This theory denies the existence of material substance and instead contends that familiar objects like tables and chairs are only ideas in the minds of perceivers and , as a result , can not exist without being perceived . Berkeley is also known for his critique of abstraction , an important premise in his argument for immaterialism . In 1709 , Berkeley published his first major work , An Essay towards a New Theory of Vision , in which he discussed the limitations of human vision and advanced the theory that the proper objects of sight are not material objects , but light and colour . This foreshadowed his chief philosophical work , A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge , in 1710 , which , after its poor reception , he rewrote in dialogue form and published under the title Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous in 1713 . In this book , Berkeley 's views were represented by Philonous ( Greek : lover of mind ) , while Hylas ( Greek : matter ) embodies the Irish thinker 's opponents , in particular John Locke . Berkeley argued against Isaac Newton 's doctrine of absolute space , time and motion in De Motu ( On Motion ) , published 1721 . His arguments were a precursor to the views of Mach and Einstein . In 1732 , he published Alciphron , a Christian apologetic against the free-thinkers , and in 1734 , he published The Analyst , a critique of the foundations of calculus , which was influential in the development of mathematics . Interest in Berkeley 's work increased after World War II because he tackled many of the issues of paramount interest to philosophy in the 20th century , such as the problems of perception , the difference between primary and secondary qualities , and the importance of language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_2010_Commonwealth_Games_–_Men's_freestyle_120_kg", "text": "Men 's freestyle 120 kg competition at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi , India , was held on October 10 at the Indira Gandhi Arena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phelps_County,_Missouri", "text": "Phelps County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 45,156 . The largest city and county seat is Rolla . The county was officially organized on November 13 , 1857 , and was named after U.S. Representative and Governor of Missouri John Smith Phelps . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , it included the mean center of U.S. population in 2000 . Phelps County comprises the Rolla , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area . Much of the county is included within the Ozark Highlands American Viticultural Area ( AVA ) . Vineyards and wineries were first established in the county by Italian immigrants in Rolla . Since the 1960s , winemakers have revived and created numerous vineyards in Missouri and won national and international tasting awards . The first Phelps County Court convened on November 25 , 1857 in the John Dillon cabin . The historic courthouse was begun in mid-summer of 1860 , used as a Union hospital during the American Civil War and served as the courthouse until February 1994 , at which time all county offices were relocated in the new Phelps County Courthouse . The new courthouse was dedicated on May 22 , 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Castle", "text": "William Castle ( April 24 , 1914 - May 31 , 1977 ) was an American film director , producer , screenwriter , and actor . Orphaned at 11 , Castle dropped out of high school at 15 to work in the theater . He came to the attention of Columbia Pictures for his talent for promotion and was hired . He learned the trade of filmmaking and became a director , acquiring a reputation for the ability to churn out competent B-movies quickly and on budget . He eventually struck out on his own , producing and directing thrillers , which , despite their low budgets , were effectively promoted with gimmicks , a trademark for which he is best known . He was also the producer for Rosemary 's Baby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barra", "text": "Barra ( /ˈbærə/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Barraigh [ ˈparˠaj ] or Eilean Bharraigh [ ˈelan ˈvarˠaj ] ( listen ) ) is an island in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland , and the second southernmost inhabited island there , after the adjacent island of Vatersay to which it is connected by a short causeway . The island is named for Saint Finbarr of Cork . In 2011 , the population was 1,174 . Gaelic is widely spoken , and at the 2011 Census , there were 761 Gaelic speakers ( 62% of the population ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bethany_United_Methodist_Church", "text": "Bethany United Methodist Church is a historic church in Lodgepole , South Dakota . It was built in 1890 and was added to the National Register in 1987 . It is notable as one of the earliest churches built in South Dakota , and is architecturally significant as part of an important group of churches influenced by the 1852 publication Upjohn 's Rural Architecture . It is located about 9.5 miles ( 15.3 km ) west of Lodgepole in Perkins County , South Dakota . When listed the building was in deteriorated condition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_5000_metres", "text": "The men 's 5,000 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium on August 25 and 28 . The final witnessed an epic clash between two track greats from different generations : in his final competitive international race , 1500m champion and track legend Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco and 10,000 meter Olympic champion , world record holder at the distance and rising star 21-year-old Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia . The race had a preview at the World Championships a year earlier . There the medalists were barely separated , but the young World Junior record holder Eliud Kipchoge upset the stars by taking gold after El Guerrouj had tried to break away on the final lap . Here Bekele took an early lead , but instead chose not to push the pace . That duty fell onto Kipchoge , who had watched from behind the year before . Here , El Guerrouj spent most of the race watching from several places behind the lead . As the last lap began , El Guerrouj moved toward the front . Bekele challenged Kipchoge with 200 metres to go . It was a shoulder to shoulder all out sprint battle as Kipchoge refused to let Bekele by , but he could n't hold him off . Bekele broke out at a lead of several metres . El Guerrouj first ran down Kipchoge , then overhauled the Ethiopian in the final strides to win by just two tenths of a second ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simlipal_Biosphere_Reserve", "text": "Similipal National Park is a national park and a tiger reserve in the Mayurbhanj district in the Indian state of Odisha covering 2,750 km2 ( 1,060 sq mi ) . It is part of the Mayurbhanj Elephant Reserve , which includes three protected areas - Similipal Tiger Reserve , Hadgarh Wildlife Sanctuary with 191.06 km2 ( 73.77 sq mi ) and Kuldiha Wildlife Sanctuary with 272.75 km2 ( 105.31 sq mi ) . Simlipal National Park derives its name from the abundance of red silk cotton trees growing in the area . It is the 7th largest national park in India . The park has some beautiful waterfalls like Joranda and Barehipani Falls . It is home to Bengal tiger , Asian elephant , gaur , and chausingha . Besides Simlipal provides habitat fo as well as an orchidarium . This protected area is part of the UNESCO World Network of Biosphere Reserves since 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Action_(PG-86)", "text": "USS Action ( PG-86 ) was the lead ship of the Action-class patrol boats acquired by the United States Navy for the task of patrolling American coastal waters during World War II . She is the only ship to bear this name ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bhubaneswar", "text": "Bhubaneswar ( Odia pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Odisha . It is a centre of economic , educational and cultural importance of East India . Along with the old town , the region historically was often depicted as Ekamra Kshetra ( Temple City ) . With the diverse ranges of heritage resources , it showcases significant sacred cultural landscape components which have evolved with the support of available natural resource base and cultural trigger . Although the modern city of Bhubaneswar was formally established in 1948 , the history of the areas in and around the present-day city can be traced to the 3rd century BCE and earlier . It is a confluence of Hindu , Buddhist and Jain heritage boasting of some of the finest Kalingan temples . With many 6th-13th century CE Hindu temples , which span the entire spectrum of Kalinga architecture , Bhubaneswar is often referred to as a Temple City of India . With Puri and Konark it forms the Swarna Tribhuja ( Golden Triangle ) , one of eastern India 's most visited destinations . Bhubaneswar replaced Cuttack as the capital on 19 August 1949 , 2 years after India gained its independence from Britain . The modern city was designed by the German architect Otto Königsberger in 1946 . Along with Jamshedpur and Chandigarh , it was one of modern India 's first planned cities . Khorda has a population of around more that 22 lacs according to 2011 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_2015", "text": "The 47th Biathlon World Championships was held in Kontiolahti , Finland from 5 March to 15 March 2015 . There were a total of 11 competitions : sprint , pursuit , individual , mass start , and relay races for men and women , and mixed relay . All the events during this championships also counted for the 2014-15 Biathlon World Cup season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ragamuffin_War", "text": "The Ragamuffin War ( Portuguese : Guerra dos Farrapos or , more commonly Revolução Farroupilha ) was a Republican uprising that began in southern Brazil , in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in 1835 . The rebels , led by generals Bento Gonçalves da Silva and Antônio de Sousa Neto with the support of the Italian fighter Giuseppe Garibaldi , surrendered to imperial forces in 1845 . It is considered the longest and third bloodiest of the failed wars of secession in the Brazilian Empire , after the Cabanagem Revolt and Balaiada Revolt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1957_Michigan_State_Spartans_football_team", "text": "The 1957 Michigan State Spartans football team represented Michigan State University in the 1957 Big Ten Conference football season . In their fourth season under head coach Duffy Daugherty , the Spartans compiled an 8-1 overall record ( 5-1 against Big Ten opponents ) , finished in second place in the Big Ten Conference , and were ranked # 3 in both the final AP Poll and the final Coaches Poll . Michigan State was named national champion by Dunkel System , an NCAA-designated major selector . Six Spartans were selected as first-team players on the 1957 All-Big Ten Conference football team : quarterback Jim Ninowski ( AP-1 , UP-1 ) ; fullback Walt Kowalczyk ( AP-1 , UP-1 ) ; center Dan Currie ( AP-1 , UP-1 ) ; tackle Pat Burke ( AP-1 , UP-1 ) ; end Sam Williams ( UP-1 ) ; and guard Ellison Kelly ( UP-1 ) . The 1957 Spartans won all three of their annual rivalry games . In the annual Indiana-Michigan State football rivalry game , the Spartans defeated the Hoosiers by a 54 to 0 score . In the Notre Dame rivalry game , the Spartans defeated the Fighting Irish by a 34 to 6 score . And , in the annual Michigan-Michigan State football rivalry game , the Spartans defeated the Wolverines by a 35 to 6 score . In non-conference play , the Spartans also defeated California , 19-0 , and Kansas State , 27-9 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Senigallia", "text": "Senigallia ( or Sinigaglia in Old Italian , Romagnol : Snigaja ) is a comune and port town on Italy 's Adriatic coast . It is situated in the province of Ancona in the Marche region and lies approximately 30 kilometers north-west of the provincial capital city Ancona . Senigallia 's small port is located at the mouth of the river Misa . It is one of the endpoints of the Massa-Senigallia Line , one of the most important dividing lines ( isoglosses ) in the classification of the Romance languages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Artillery", "text": "The Royal Regiment of Artillery , commonly referred to as the Royal Artillery ( RA ) and colloquially known as The Gunners , is the artillery arm of the British Army . The Royal Regiment of Artillery comprises thirteen Regular Army regiments , King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery and five Army Reserve regiments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emmy_Award", "text": "An Emmy Award , or simply Emmy , is an American award that recognizes excellence in the television industry . It is presented at numerous annual events held throughout the calendar year , each honoring one of the various sectors of the television industry . The two ceremonies that receive the most media coverage are the Primetime Emmy Awards and the Daytime Emmy Awards , which recognize outstanding work in American primetime and daytime entertainment programming , respectively . Other notable Emmy events include those honoring national sports programming , national news and documentary shows , and technological and engineering achievements in television , including the Primetime Engineering Emmy Awards . Regional Emmy Awards are also presented throughout the country at various times through the year , recognizing excellence in local and statewide television . In addition , the International Emmy Awards honor excellence in TV programming produced and initially aired outside the United States . The Emmy is named after immy , an informal term for the image orthicon tube that was common in early television cameras . The statuette depicts a winged woman holding an atom . The Emmy is considered one of the four major American entertainment awards , the others being the Grammy ( for music ) , the Oscar ( for film ) , and the Tony ( for theater ) . Three related , but separate , organizations present the Emmy Award : the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ( ATAS ) , the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ( NATAS ) , and the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ( IATAS ) . The ATAS first awarded the Emmy in 1949 to honor shows produced in the Los Angeles area before it became a national event in the 1950s to honor programs aired nationwide . Over the next two decades , the ATAS , the NATAS , and the IATAS expanded the award to honor other areas of the TV industry , with each organization responsible for administering a particular set of Emmy competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_New_England_Patriots_season", "text": "The 2004 New England Patriots season was the franchise 's 35th season in the National Football League , the 45th overall and the 5th under head coach Bill Belichick . They finished with their second straight 14-2 record before advancing to and winning Super Bowl XXXIX , their third Super Bowl victory in four years , and their last one until 2014 , when they went through a whole decade of postseason disappointments . They are , as of the present , the last team to repeat as NFL Champions and only the second to win 3 Super Bowls in a 4-year span ( the other being the Dallas Cowboys from the 1992 to 1995 seasons ) . As of 2019 , this is the most recent time the defending Super Bowl champions have defended their title . Following a Super Bowl win in 2003 , the Patriots looked to improve their running game in the offseason . Replacing Antowain Smith with longtime but disgruntled Cincinnati Bengals running back Corey Dillon , who was acquired in a trade days before the 2004 NFL Draft ; Dillon would rush for a career-high 1,635 yards in 2004 . Winning their first six games of the season , the Patriots set the NFL record for consecutive regular season victories ( 18 ) , which was later broken by the 2006-2008 Patriots ( 21 ) , and consecutive regular season and playoff victories ( 21 ) before losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers on October 31 . In that game , Pro Bowl cornerback Ty Law was lost for the season with a foot injury . Combined with the loss of other starting cornerback Tyrone Poole two weeks earlier , the Patriots were forced to complete the regular season and playoffs by using second-year cornerback Asante Samuel , undrafted free agent Randall Gay , and longtime Patriots wide receiver Troy Brown at cornerback , among others . With a 14-2 record and the second seed in the AFC playoffs , the Patriots defeated the Indianapolis Colts at home in the playoffs for the second-straight year , holding the Colts ' top offense to three points . The Patriots then defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers on the road , 41-27 , in the AFC Championship Game . Prior to the Patriots ' matchup with the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX , Eagles wide receiver Freddie Mitchell said he did not know the names of the Patriots ' defensive backs , which was taken as a sign of disrespect by the Patriots ' replacement secondary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kiva", "text": "A kiva is a room used by Puebloans for rites and political meetings , many of them associated with the kachina belief system . Among the modern Hopi and most other Pueblo people , kivas are square-walled and underground , and are used for spiritual ceremonies . Similar subterranean rooms are found among ruins in the North-American South-West , indicating uses by the ancient peoples of the region including the ancestral Puebloans , the Mogollon , and the Hohokam . Those used by the ancient Pueblos of the Pueblo I Period and following , designated by the Pecos Classification system developed by archaeologists , were usually round and evolved from simpler pit-houses . For the Ancestral Puebloans , these rooms are believed to have had a variety of functions , including domestic residence along with social and ceremonial purposes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Filippov", "text": "Maria Filippov ( born 20 June 1973 as Maria Hadjiiska ) is a Bulgarian ice skater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FoCo_Girls_Gone_Derby", "text": "FoCo Roller Derby , formerly FoCo Girls Gone Derby , is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Fort Collins , Colorado . Founded in 2006 , the league currently consists of two teams , and two mixed teams which compete against teams from other leagues . FoCo is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ynys_Gored_Goch", "text": "Ynys Gored Goch ( Red Weir Island ) , sometimes Ynys Gorad Goch , is a small island in the Menai Strait between Gwynedd and Anglesey in north Wales . It is situated in the stretch of the strait called the Swellies between Thomas Telford 's Menai Suspension Bridge and Robert Stephenson 's Britannia Bridge . The island is occupied by the main house and the converted smoke house where locally caught fish were processed . The island is private property and access is only by boat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latitude", "text": "In geography , latitude is a geographic coordinate that specifies the north-south position of a point on the Earth 's surface . Latitude is an angle ( defined below ) which ranges from 0° at the Equator to 90° ( North or South ) at the poles . Lines of constant latitude , or parallels , run east-west as circles parallel to the equator . Latitude is used together with longitude to specify the precise location of features on the surface of the Earth . On its own , the term latitude should be taken to be the geodetic latitude as defined below . Briefly , geodetic latitude at a point is the angle formed by the vector perpendicular ( or normal ) to the ellipsoidal surface from that point , and the equatorial plane . Also defined are six auxiliary latitudes which are used in special applications ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tornado", "text": "A tornado is a rapidly rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the Earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or , in rare cases , the base of a cumulus cloud . The windstorm is often referred to as a twister , whirlwind or cyclone , although the word cyclone is used in meteorology to name a weather system with a low-pressure area in the center around which , from an observer looking down toward the surface of the earth , winds blow counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern . Tornadoes come in many shapes and sizes , and they are often visible in the form of a condensation funnel originating from the base of a cumulonimbus cloud , with a cloud of rotating debris and dust beneath it . Most tornadoes have wind speeds less than 110 miles per hour ( 180 km/h ) , are about 250 feet ( 80 m ) across , and travel a few miles ( several kilometers ) before dissipating . The most extreme tornadoes can attain wind speeds of more than 300 miles per hour ( 480 km/h ) , are more than two miles ( 3 km ) in diameter , and stay on the ground for dozens of miles ( more than 100 km ) . Various types of tornadoes include the multiple vortex tornado , landspout , and waterspout . Waterspouts are characterized by a spiraling funnel-shaped wind current , connecting to a large cumulus or cumulonimbus cloud . They are generally classified as non-supercellular tornadoes that develop over bodies of water , but there is disagreement over whether to classify them as true tornadoes . These spiraling columns of air frequently develop in tropical areas close to the equator and are less common at high latitudes . Other tornado-like phenomena that exist in nature include the gustnado , dust devil , fire whirl , and steam devil . Tornadoes occur most frequently in North America ( particularly in central and southeastern regions of the United States colloquially known as tornado alley ) , Southern Africa , northwestern and southeast Europe , western and southeastern Australia , New Zealand , Bangladesh and adjacent eastern India , and southeastern South America . Tornadoes can be detected before or as they occur through the use of Pulse-Doppler radar by recognizing patterns in velocity and reflectivity data , such as hook echoes or debris balls , as well as through the efforts of storm spotters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Razija_Mujanović", "text": "Razija Mujanović ( born 15 April 1967 in Čelić , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Bosnian women 's basketball player . She was voted the best female European basketball player three times ( 1991 , 1994 and 1995 ) , by the Italian sports magazine La Gazzetta dello Sport . She was elected to the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trujillo,_Peru", "text": "Trujillo ( /truːˈhiːjoʊ/ troo-HEE-yoh , Spanish : [ tɾuˈxiʝo ] ; Quechua : Truhillu ) is a city in coastal northwestern Peru and the capital of the Department of La Libertad . It is the third most populous city and center of the third most populous metropolitan area of Peru . It is located on the banks of the Moche River , near its mouth at the Pacific Ocean , in the Moche Valley . This was a site of the great prehistoric Moche and Chimu cultures before the Inca conquest and subsequent expansion . The Independence of Trujillo from Spain was proclaimed in the Historic Centre of Trujillo on December 29 , 1820 , and the city was honored in 1822 by the Congress of the Republic of Peru with the title Meritorious City and Faithful to the Fatherland , for its role in the fight for Peruvian independence . Trujillo is the birthplace of Peru 's judiciary , and it was twice designated as the capital of the country . It was the scene of the Revolution of Trujillo in 1932 . Trujillo is considered the cradle of liberty and cradle of the judiciary in Peru . Trujillo is also known as the City of Everlasting Spring , is considered the Capital of the Marinera , a traditional dance in Peru , Cradle of the Peruvian Paso horse , as well as the Capital of Culture of Peru . It has sponsored numerous national and international cultural events , and has a lively arts community . Current festivals include the National Marinera Festival , the Trujillo Spring Festival and the International Book Festival , which is one of the most important cultural events in the country . Trujillo is close to two major archeological sites of pre-Columbian monuments : Chan Chan , the largest adobe city in the ancient world , designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986 ; and the temples of the Sun and Moon ( the largest adobe pyramid in Peru ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nueva_Esparta", "text": "Nueva Sparta State , in Spanish Estado Nueva Esparta ( IPA : [ esˈtaðo ˈnweβa esˈpaɾta ] ) , is one of the 23 states of Venezuela . It comprises Margarita Island , Coche , and the largely uninhabited Cubagua . The state is the smallest one in area , and is located off the northeast Caribbean coast of Venezuela . It is the only insular state of Venezuela ( not including the Federal Dependencies , a federal territory but not a state ) . The main island of Margarita has an area of 1,020 km2 ( 390 sq mi ) . Its capital city is La Asunción , and the main urban center is Porlamar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer", "text": "Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. ( initialized as MGM ; often referred to as Metro ; common metonym : the Lion or Leo ) is an American media company , involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs . One of the world 's oldest film studios , MGM 's corporate headquarters are located at 245 North Beverly Drive in Beverly Hills , California . MGM was founded in 1924 when the entertainment entrepreneur Marcus Loew gained control of Metro Pictures , Goldwyn Pictures , and Louis B. Mayer Pictures . [ page needed ] In 1971 , it was announced that MGM was to merge with 20th Century Fox , but the plan never came to fruition . Over the next 39 years , the studio was bought and sold at various points in its history until , on November 3 , 2010 , MGM filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . MGM emerged from bankruptcy on December 20 , 2010 , at which time the executives of Spyglass Entertainment , Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum , became co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the holding company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . As of 2017 , MGM co-produces , co-finances , and co-distributes a majority of its films with Sony Pictures , Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. MGM Resorts International , a Las Vegas-based hotel and casino company listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MGM , was created in 1973 as a division of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . The company was spun out in 1979 , with the studio 's then owner Kirk Kerkorian maintaining a large share , but it ended all affiliation with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Becky_Sharp_(film)", "text": "Becky Sharp is a 1935 American historical drama film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Miriam Hopkins who was nominated for the Best Actress Oscar . Other supporting cast were William Faversham , Frances Dee , Cedric Hardwicke , Billie Burke , Alison Skipworth , Nigel Bruce , and Alan Mowbray . The film is based on the play of the same name by Langdon Mitchell , which in turn was based on William Makepeace Thackeray 's novel Vanity Fair . The play was made famous in the late 1890s by actress Minnie Maddern Fiske . The screenplay was written by Francis Edward Faragoh . The film was considered a landmark in cinema as the first feature film to use the newly developed three-strip Technicolor production throughout , opening the way for a growing number of color films to be made in Britain and the United States in the years leading up to World War II . In 2019 , the film was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Film Registry for being culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . The film recounts the tale of a lower-class girl who insinuates herself into an upper-class family , only to see her life and the lives of those around her destroyed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Friz_Freleng", "text": "Isadore Friz Freleng ( August 21 , 1906 - May 26 , 1995 ) , often credited as I. Freleng , was an American animator , cartoonist , director , producer , and composer known for his work at Warner Bros. Cartoons on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons . He introduced and/or developed several of the studio 's biggest stars , including Bugs Bunny , Porky Pig , Tweety , Sylvester the Cat , Yosemite Sam ( to whom he was said to bear more than a passing resemblance ) , and Speedy Gonzales . The senior director at Warners ' Termite Terrace studio , Freleng directed more cartoons than any other director in the studio ( a total of 266 ) , and is also the most honored of the Warner directors , having won five Academy Awards and three Emmy Awards [ disputed - discuss ] . After Warners closed down the animation studio in 1963 , Freleng and business partner David H. DePatie founded DePatie-Freleng Enterprises , which produced cartoons ( including The Pink Panther Show ) , feature film title sequences , and Saturday-morning cartoons through the early 1980s . The nickname Friz came from his friend , Hugh Harman , who initially nicknamed him Congressman Frizby after a fictional senator who appeared in satirical pieces in the Los Angeles Examiner . Over time , this shortened to Friz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2008 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad ( Chinese : 第二十九届夏季奥林匹克运动会 ; pinyin : Dì Èrshíjiǔ Jiè Xiàjì Àolínpǐkè Yùndònghuì ) and commonly known as Beijing 2008 , was an international multi-sport event that was held from 8 to 24 August 2008 in Beijing , China . [ b ] A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) competed in 28 sports and 302 events ( one event more than those scheduled for the 2004 Summer Olympics ) . This was the first time that China had hosted the Summer Olympics , but the third time that the Games had been held in East Asia , following the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and the Seoul 1988 Summer Olympics . These were the second summer Olympic Games staged in a Communist country , after the Moscow 1980 Summer Olympics and the third in a developing country after the Mexico City 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union and the first overall Olympics to be hosted by a Communist state since the former Yugoslavia hosted the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo . Beijing was awarded the 2008 Games over four competitors on 13 July 2001 , having won a majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) after two rounds of voting . The Government of the People 's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transport systems . A total of 37 venues were used to host the events , including twelve constructed specifically for the 2008 Olympics . The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong , making this the third Olympics for which the events were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs . [ c ] The sailing events were contested in Qingdao , while the football events took place across several different cities . The official logo for the 2008 Games , titled Dancing Beijing , featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng ( 京 , means capital ) in reference to the host city . The Beijing Olympics was watched by 3,500,000,000 people worldwide and featured the longest distance for an Olympic Torch relay . The event sets numerous world and Olympics records in the history of sports , and is also the most expensive Summer Olympics of all time and second-most expensive overall , after the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montana", "text": "Montana ( /mɒnˈtænə/ ( listen ) ) is a state in the Northwestern United States . Montana has several nicknames , although none are official , including Big Sky Country and The Treasure State , and slogans that include Land of the Shining Mountains and more recently The Last Best Place . Montana is the fourth-largest in area , the 8th least populous , and the third-least densely populated of the 50 U.S. states . The western half of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges . Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state . In all , 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains . The eastern half of Montana is characterized by western prairie terrain and badlands . Montana is bordered by Idaho to the west , Wyoming to the south , North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , and the Canadian provinces of British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan to the north . The economy is primarily based on agriculture , including ranching and cereal grain farming . Other significant economic resources include oil , gas , coal , hard rock mining , and lumber . The health care , service , and government sectors also are significant to the state 's economy . The state 's fastest-growing sector is tourism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mister_Miracle", "text": "Mister Miracle ( Scott Free ) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . He first appeared in Mister Miracle # 1 ( April 1971 ) and was created by Jack Kirby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Africa", "text": "South Africa , officially the Republic of South Africa ( RSA ) , is the southernmost country in Africa . It is bounded to the south by 2,798 kilometres ( 1,739 mi ) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans ; to the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia , Botswana , and Zimbabwe ; and to the east and northeast by Mozambique and Eswatini ( Swaziland ) ; and it surrounds the enclaved country of Lesotho . South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa and the 24th-largest country in the world by land area and , with over 58 million people , is also the world 's 24th-most populous nation . It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere . About 80 percent of South Africans are of Bantu ancestry , divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different African languages , nine of which have official status . The remaining population consists of Africa 's largest communities of European , Asian ( Indian ) , and multiracial ( Coloured ) ancestry . South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures , languages , and religions . Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution 's recognition of 11 official languages , which is the fourth-highest number in the world . Two of these languages are of European origin : Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most coloured and white South Africans ; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism , and is commonly used in public and commercial life , though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language . The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century . However , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . During the 20th century , the black majority sought to claim more rights from the dominant white minority , with this struggle playing a large role in the country 's recent history and politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vue_des_Alpes", "text": "Vue des Alpes ( el . 1282 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Neuchâtel . It connects La Chaux-de-Fonds and Neuchâtel . The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent . A road tunnel for the motorway has greatly reduced the traffic over the pass . At about 1,050 metres above sea level , it is the third highest motorway in Switzerland . As implied by its name , the pass provides a panoramic view of the Swiss Alps on a clear day ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brooklyn_Grooms", "text": "The Brooklyn Dodgers were a Major League baseball team , active primarily in the National League ( founded 1876 ) from 1884 until 1957 , after which the club moved to Los Angeles , California , where it continues its history as the Los Angeles Dodgers . The team moved west at the same time as its longtime rivals , the New York Giants , also in the National League , relocated to San Francisco in northern California as the San Francisco Giants . The team 's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city 's trolley streetcar network . The Dodgers played in two stadiums in South Brooklyn , each named Washington Park , and at Eastern Park in the neighborhood of Brownsville before moving to Ebbets Field in the neighborhood of Flatbush in 1913 . The team is noted for signing Jackie Robinson in 1947 as the first black player in the modern major leagues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andy_Summers", "text": "Andrew James Somers ( born 31 December 1942 ) , known professionally as Andy Summers , is an English singer and guitarist who was a member of the rock band the Police . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the band in 2003 . Summers has recorded solo albums , collaborated with other musicians , composed film scores , and exhibited his photography in galleries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amber_Hill", "text": "Amber Hill is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire , England , approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) west-north-west from Boston . The 2001 Census measured its population at 268 , increasing to 294 at the 2011 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whiz_Comics", "text": "Whiz Comics was a monthly ongoing comic book anthology series , published by Fawcett Comics from 1940-1953 , best known for introducing Captain Marvel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/District_of_Columbia", "text": "Washington , D.C. , ( /ˈwɑːʃɪŋtən ˌdiːˈsiː/ ) formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as D.C. , Washington , or The District , is the capital of the United States . Founded after the American Revolution as the seat of government of the newly independent country , Washington was named after George Washington , the first president of the United States and a Founding Father . As the seat of the United States federal government and several international organizations , Washington is an important world political capital . The city , located on the Potomac River bordering Maryland and Virginia , is one of the most visited cities in the world , with more than 20 million tourists annually . The signing of the Residence Act on July 16 , 1790 , approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country 's East Coast . The U.S. Constitution provided for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. Congress , and the District is therefore not a part of any U.S. state . The states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district , which included the pre-existing settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria . The City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital . In 1846 , Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia , including the city of Alexandria ; in 1871 , it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District . Washington had an estimated population of 702,455 as of July 2018 [ update ] , making it the 20th most populous city in the United States . Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city 's daytime population to more than one million during the workweek . Washington 's metropolitan area , the country 's sixth largest ( including parts of Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia ) , had a 2017 estimated population of 6.2 million residents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Carolina_Gamecocks_baseball", "text": "The South Carolina Gamecocks baseball team represents the University of South Carolina in NCAA Division I college baseball . South Carolina has perennially been one of the best teams in college baseball since 1970 , posting 32 NCAA Tournament appearances , 11 College World Series berths , 6 CWS Finals appearances and 2 National Championships : 2010 and 2011 . Carolina is one of six schools in NCAA history to win back-to-back titles . Since joining the Southeastern Conference in 1992 , the team has competed in the Eastern division . South Carolina owns a stellar 32-18 record at the CWS , holds the NCAA record for consecutive wins ( 22 ) in the national tournament and the longest win streak ever at the CWS ( 12 in a row from 2010 to 2012 ) in which the Gamecocks played for national titles all three years . The current head coach is Mark Kingston , with Chad Holbrook resigning on June 6 , 2017 . Holbrook took over for Ray Tanner , who was named athletics director at USC after the 2012 season . This follows a string of three consecutive appearances in the national championship series , including two consecutive national championships . During Tanner 's stint as head coach , the Gamecocks also captured three SEC titles , one SEC tournament title , six division titles , six College World Series appearances , and thirteen of their fifteen straight NCAA Tournaments ( longest streak in the SEC at the time ) . Between 2010 and 2012 the Gamecocks set two NCAA records for postseason success : the most consecutive NCAA tournament wins ( 22 ) and the most consecutive wins in the College World Series ( 12 ) . In 2013 , Carolina set the record for consecutive home NCAA tournament wins , with 29 . The team plays its home games at Founders Park , which opened on February 21 , 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/County_Antrim", "text": "County Antrim ( named after the town of Antrim , from Irish : Aontroim , meaning lone ridge , [ ˈeːnˠt̪ˠɾˠɪmʲ ] ) is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland . Adjoined to the north-east shore of Lough Neagh , the county covers an area of 3,046 square kilometres ( 1,176 sq mi ) and has a population of about 618,000 . County Antrim has a population density of 203 people per square kilometre or 526 people per square mile . It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland , as well as part of the historic province of Ulster . The Glens of Antrim offer isolated rugged landscapes , the Giant 's Causeway is a unique landscape and a UNESCO World Heritage Site , Bushmills produces whiskey , and Portrush is a popular seaside resort and night-life area . The majority of Belfast , the capital city of Northern Ireland , is in County Antrim , with the remainder being in County Down . According to the 2001 census , it is currently one of only two counties of Ireland in which a majority of the population are from a Protestant background . The other is County Down to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympiacos_S.C.", "text": "Olympiacos Men 's Volleyball ( , ) , commonly referred to as Olympiacos , Olympiacos Piraeus or with its full name as Olympiacos CFP , is the men 's volleyball department of the major Greek multi-sport club , Olympiacos CFP , based in Piraeus , Attica . The department was founded in 1926 and their home ground is the in Agios Ioannis Rentis , Piraeus . Olympiacos is the most successful club in Greek volleyball history , having won 29 Greek Volley League titles , 16 Cups , 6 League Cups , all national records , and 2 Super Cups . They are the only volleyball club in Greece to have won a European competition , with 2 CEV Cup Winners ' Cup/CEV Top Teams Cups ( 1996 , 2005 ) , and a traditional powerhouse in European volleyball , having been runners-up in all three main CEV competitions , two times in the CEV Champions League ( with seven final four participations ) , two in the CEV Cup and one in the CEV Challenge Cup , totalling seven European finals . Domestically , Olympiacos holds the record for the most consecutive championships won , with eight in a row ( 1987-1994 ) , and for winning seven championships undefeated ( 1968 , 1974 , 1979 , 1981 , 1988 , 1991 , 2018 ) . Internationally , their most successful period was between 1992 and 2005 , when they came to be included amongst the top volleyball powers in Europe . During this period , apart from their two European trophies , they progressed to eleven final fours in total , seven of them consecutive between 1992-1998 ( the first four in the CEV Champions League and the next three in the CEV Cup Winners ' Cup ) ; they also won a fourth place in the and a third in the FIVB Volleyball Men 's Club World Championship . Olympiacos came to European prominence again by playing in the 2017-18 CEV Challenge Cup final ; at the same time , the women 's department won their respective 2017-18 CEV Women 's Challenge Cup . In this way , Olympiacos became the first volleyball club that had men and women playing simultaneously in European finals , and one of the very few to have won European trophies in both departments . Given the fact that Olympiacos is the most popular sports club in Greece , the men 's volleyball department also receives great home support . Apart from some top Greek players such as Marios Giourdas , Giorgos Ntrakovits , Sakis Moustakidis , Vasilis Kournetas , Antonis Tsakiropoulos , Kostas Christofidelis , Mitar Tzourits , Olympiacos has also attracted over the years some foreign world-class players including Ivan Miljković , Lorenzo Bernardi , Jeff Stork , Marcos Milinkovic , , Raimonds Vilde , Vasa Mijić , Tom Hoff , Goran Vujević , Henk-Jan Held , Osvaldo Hernández and Fabian Drzyzga ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Auchan", "text": "Auchan ( French pronunciation : ​ [ oʃɑ̃ ] ) is a French multinational retail group headquartered in Croix , France . It was founded in 1961 by Gérard Mulliez and is owned by Mulliez Family , which has 95% stake in the company . With 354,851 employees , of which 261,000 have 5% stake in the company , is the 35th largest employer in the world . The name comes from the first Auchan shop in Roubaix in the district of Hauts-Champs , the pronunciation of which is identical to that of Auchan . The holding company , Auchan Holding , includes Auchan Retail International , Ceetrus , which operates shopping centers and Oney , which offers financial services . It operates as Alcampo in Spain ( al campo is the literal Spanish translation of the French au champ ) , Auchan in Portugal , Aшан in Russia and Ukraine , and through a joint-venture as RT-Mart in China ( Auchan brand is also used ) and Taiwan . As of 2019 , Auchan is one of the world 's largest retailers with a direct presence in France , Spain , Portugal , Luxembourg , Poland , Romania , Hungary , China and Taiwan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marion,_Illinois", "text": "Marion is a city in and the county seat of Williamson County , Illinois , United States . The population was 17,193 at the 2010 census . It is part of a dispersed urban area that developed out of the early 20th-century coal fields . Today Marion serves as the largest retail trade center in Southern Illinois with its central location along Interstate 57 and Illinois Route 13 . It is home to the Illinois Star Centre mall and the Southern Illinois Miners baseball team . It was dubbed the Hub of the Universe by former mayor the late Robert L. Butler . The city is part of the Marion-Herrin Micropolitan Area and is a part of the Carbondale-Marion-Herrin , Illinois Combined Statistical Area with 123,272 residents , the sixth most populous Combined statistical area in Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampa_Bay_Buccaneers", "text": "The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa , Florida . The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) South division . The club joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team , along with the Seattle Seahawks . Tampa Bay played its first season in the American Football Conference ( AFC ) West division as part of the 1976 expansion plan , whereby each new franchise would play every other franchise over the first two years . After the season , the team switched conferences with the Seahawks and became a member of the NFC Central division . During the 2002 league realignment , the Buccaneers joined three former NFC West teams to form the NFC South . The club is owned by the Glazer family , and plays its home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa . The Buccaneers are the first post-merger expansion team to win a division championship , a playoff game , and to host and play in a conference championship game ; all three accomplishments occurred during the 1979 season . They are also the first team since the merger to complete a winning season when starting 10 or more rookies , which happened in the 2010 season . In 1976 and 1977 , the Buccaneers lost their first 26 games . They would not win their first game in franchise history until Week 13 , of 14 , in 1977 . After a brief winning era in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the team suffered through 14 consecutive losing seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nanjing", "text": "Nanjing ( listen ) , alternatively romanized as Nanking and Nankin , also known as Langjin in Nanjing dialect , is the capital of Jiangsu of the People 's Republic of China and the second largest city in the East China region , [ c ] with 11 districts , an administrative area of 6,600 km2 ( 2,500 sq mi ) and a total population of 8,436,200 as of 2018 [ update ] . The inner area of Nanjing enclosed by the city wall is Nanjing City ( 南京城 ) . Situated in the Yangtze River Delta region , Nanjing has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture , having served as the capital of various Chinese dynasties , kingdoms and republican governments dating from the 3rd century to 1949 , and has thus long been a major center of culture , education , research , politics , economy , transport networks and tourism , being the home to one of the world 's largest inland ports . The city is also one of the fifteen sub-provincial cities in the People 's Republic of China 's administrative structure , enjoying jurisdictional and economic autonomy only slightly less than that of a province . Nanjing has been ranked seventh in the evaluation of Cities with Strongest Comprehensive Strength issued by the National Statistics Bureau , and second in the evaluation of cities with most sustainable development potential in the Yangtze River Delta . It has also been awarded the title of 2008 Habitat Scroll of Honor of China , Special UN Habitat Scroll of Honor Award and National Civilized City . Nanjing has many high-quality universities and research institutes , with the number of universities listed in 100 National Key Universities ranking third , including Nanjing University which has a long history and is among the world top 10 universities ranked by Nature Index . The ratio of college students to total population ranks No.1 among large cities nationwide . Nanjing is one of the top three Chinese scientific research centers , according to the Nature Index , especially strong in the chemical sciences . Nanjing , one of the nation 's most important cities for over a thousand years , is recognized as one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China . It has been one of the world 's largest cities , enjoying peace and prosperity despite wars and disasters . Nanjing served as the capital of Eastern Wu ( 229-280 ) , one of the three major states in the Three Kingdoms period ; the Eastern Jin and each of the Southern dynasties ( Liu Song , Southern Qi , Liang and Chen ) , which successively ruled southern China from 317-589 ; the Southern Tang ( 937-75 ) , one of the Ten Kingdoms ; the Ming dynasty when , for the first time , all of China was ruled from the city ( 1368-1421 ) ; and the Republic of China under the right wing Kuomintang ( 1927-37 , 1946-49 ) prior to its flight to Taiwan by Chiang Kai-Shek during the Chinese Civil War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1994_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 1994 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place in May 1994 . The top four regular season finishers met in the double-elimination tournament held at Gene Michael Field on the campus of Kent State University in Kent , Ohio . This was the sixth Mid-American Conference postseason tournament to determine a champion . Fourth seeded Central Michigan won their first tournament championship to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 1994 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorothy_Wall", "text": "Dorothy Wall ( 12 January 1894 - 21 January 1942 ) was a New Zealand-born author and illustrator of children 's fiction books . She is most famous for creating Blinky Bill , an anthropomorphic koala who was the central character in her books Blinky Bill : the Quaint Little Australian ( 1933 ) , Blinky Bill Grows Up ( 1934 ) and Blinky Bill and Nutsy ( 1937 ) . Most of her books were first published by Angus & Robertson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Northern_Command_(India)", "text": "The Northern Command is a Command of the Indian Army . It was originally formed as a formation of the British Indian Army in 1895 , scrapped upon India 's independence in 1947 and later reformed in 1972 . Its present commander is Lieutenant General Yogesh Kumar Joshi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neufchâteau,_Luxembourg_Province", "text": "Neufchâteau ( Li Tchestea in Walloon ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg . On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 113.79 km² , had 6,652 inhabitants , giving a population density of 58.5 inhabitants per km² . It includes the former municipalities of Grandvoir , Grapfontaine , Hamipré , Longlier , and Tournay , as well as the localities of Cousteumont , Fineuse , Gérimont , Harfontaine , Hosseuse , Lahérie , LeSart , Malome , Marbay , Massul , Molinfaing , MonIdée , Montplainchamps , Morival , Namoussart , Nolinfaing , Offaing , Petitvoir , Respelt , Semel , Tronquoy , Verlaine , and Warmifontaine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Bowl_XXXVII", "text": "Super Bowl XXXVII was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Oakland Raiders and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 2002 season . The Buccaneers defeated the Raiders by the score of 48-21 , tied with Super Bowl XXXV for the seventh largest Super Bowl margin of victory , and winning their first ever Super Bowl . The game , played on January 26 , 2003 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego , California , was the sixth Super Bowl to be held a week after the conference championship games ( XVII , XXV , XXVIII , XXXIV , and XXXVI ) . It was also the last Super Bowl played in January ( the previous , XXXVI , was the first to be in February as a result of 9/11-related postponements ; subsequent games , including Super Bowl XXXVIII , would have the Super Bowl played in February permanently ) . This was the first Super Bowl in which the league 's number one-ranked offense ( Raiders ) faced the league 's number one-ranked defense ( Buccaneers ) . The game sometimes is referred to as the Gruden Bowl , because the primary storyline surrounding the game revolved around Jon Gruden . Gruden was the Raiders ' head coach from 1998 to 2001 , and as a result of a trade then became the Buccaneers head coach in 2002 . Tampa Bay , Gruden 's new team , made their first Super Bowl appearance in team history after posting a 12-4 regular season record . Oakland , Gruden 's old team , advanced to their fifth Super Bowl after an 11-5 regular season . Super Bowl XXXVII is also referred to as the Pirate Bowl , due to both teams ' pirate-themed names . The Raiders came into the game as four-point favorites . However , the Tampa Bay defense dominated the contest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elton,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Elton is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire , England . Elton lies approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south-west of Peterborough . Elton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England . Elton is a small village within the historic boundaries of Huntingdonshire ( now part of Cambridgeshire ) , England . It lies on the B671 road . Elton Hall and the hamlet of Over End are located on the same road a mile south of the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils_baseball", "text": "The Arizona State Sun Devils baseball program at the Arizona State University ( ASU ) is part of the Pac-12 Conference . Since it became a member of the Pac-12 , it had the highest winning percentage , at .681 , of all schools that participate in Division I baseball within the conference . ASU 's NCAA leading 54 consecutive 30 win seasons was the longest streak in the nation . The Sun Devils ' only losing seasons occurred in 1963 , 2017 , & 2018 The Sun Devils had been nationally ranked during at least a part of every season of their 58-year history until 2017 . The Sun Devils have finished 27 times in the Top 10 , 22 times in the Top 5 , and 5 times as the No . 1 team in the nation . ASU is one of the most successful college baseball programs in the country . The Sun Devils have won five national championships , the fourth-most by any school , and are 1st in total number of alumni to ever play in Major League Baseball . Notable Sun Devil baseball alumni include Barry Bonds , Reggie Jackson , Sal Bando , Dustin Pedroia , Andre Ethier , Bob Horner , Paul Lo Duca , and Rick Monday ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elizabeth_Bell_(doctor)", "text": "Elizabeth Gould Bell ( 24 December 1862 - 9 July 1934 ) was one of the first women to qualify as a doctor in Ireland , in the Northern province of Ulster . She was an advocate for feminist ideals , and became one of the first women to work with the Royal Army Medical Corps , serving as a doctor in Malta ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Health_and_Human_Services", "text": "The United States Department of Health & Human Services ( HHS ) , also known as the Health Department , is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services . Its motto is Improving the health , safety , and well-being of America . Before the separate federal Department of Education was created in 1979 , it was called the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare ( HEW ) . HHS is administered by the Secretary of Health and Human Services , who is appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate . The United States Public Health Service ( PHS ) is the main division of the HHS and is led by the Assistant Secretary for Health . The current Secretary , Alex Azar , assumed office on January 29 , 2018 , upon his appointment by President Trump and confirmation by the Senate . The United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps , the uniformed service of the PHS , is led by the Surgeon General who is responsible for addressing matters concerning public health as authorized by the Secretary or by the Assistant Secretary of Health in addition to his or her primary mission of administering the Commissioned Corps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingston_upon_Hull", "text": "Kingston upon Hull , usually abbreviated to Hull , is a port city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . It lies upon the River Hull at its confluence with the Humber Estuary , 25 miles ( 40 km ) inland from the North Sea , 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of Leeds , 34 miles ( 55 km ) south-east of York and 54 miles ( 87 km ) north-east of Sheffield . With a population of 260,645 ( mid-2018 est . ) , Hull is the fourth-largest city in Yorkshire and the Humber . The town of Wyke on Hull was founded late in the 12th century by the monks of Meaux Abbey as a port from which to export their wool . Renamed Kings-town upon Hull in 1299 , Hull has been a market town , military supply port , trading hub , fishing and whaling centre and industrial metropolis . Hull was an early theatre of battle in the English Civil Wars . Its 18th-century Member of Parliament , William Wilberforce , took a prominent part in the abolition of the slave trade in Britain . After suffering heavy damage in the Second World War ( the Hull Blitz ) , Hull weathered a period of post-industrial decline , gaining unfavourable results on measures of social deprivation , education and policing . In the early 21st century spending boom before the late 2000s recession the city saw large amounts of new retail , commercial , housing and public service construction spending . Tourist attractions include The Hull People 's Memorial , the historic Old Town and Museum Quarter , Hull Marina and The Deep aquarium . Sports teams include EFL Championship football club Hull City and rugby league clubs Hull F.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Queen_Christina_(film)", "text": "Queen Christina is a pre-Code Hollywood biographical film , produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1933 by Walter Wanger and directed by Rouben Mamoulian . It stars Swedish-born actress Greta Garbo and John Gilbert in their fourth and last film together . The film portrays the life of Queen Christina of Sweden , who became monarch at the age of six in 1632 and grew to be a powerful and influential leader . As well as the demands of being a war-leader during the Thirty Years ' War , Queen Christina is expected to marry a suitable royal figure and produce an heir . However , she falls in love with a visiting Spanish envoy whom she is forbidden to marry as he is a Roman Catholic and must choose between love and her royal duty . The film was a major commercial and critical success in the United States and worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgetown,_Colorado", "text": "Georgetown is a Territorial Charter Municipality that is the county seat of Clear Creek County , Colorado , United States . The former silver mining camp along Clear Creek in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains was established in 1859 during the Pike 's Peak Gold Rush . The federally designated Georgetown-Silver Plume Historic District comprises Georgetown , the neighboring town of Silver Plume , and the Georgetown Loop Historic Mining & Railroad Park between the two towns . The town population was 1,034 at the 2010 census . The Georgetown Post Office has the ZIP code 80444 . The town sits at an elevation of 8,530 feet ( 2,600 m ) above sea level , nestled in the mountains near the upper end of the valley of Clear Creek in the mountains west of Denver along Interstate 70 . Although a small town today , the town was a historic center of the mining industry in Colorado during the late 19th century , earning the nickname the Silver Queen of Colorado . It has evolved into a lively historical summer tourist center today with many preserved structures from the heyday of the Colorado Silver Boom . The town stretches roughly north-south along Clear Creek , hemmed in by the mountains , with the historic downtown located at the southern ( upper ) end and modern development located at the northern ( lower ) end of town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BYU", "text": "Brigham Young University ( BYU , sometimes referred to colloquially as The Y ) is a private research university located in Provo , Utah and owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) . The university is run under the auspices of its parent-organization , the Church Educational System ( CES ) , and is classified among Doctoral Universities : High Research Activity with more selective , lower transfer-in admissions . The university 's primary emphasis is on undergraduate education in 179 majors , but it also has 62 master 's and 26 doctoral degree programs . The university also administers two satellite campuses , one in Jerusalem and one in Salt Lake City . Students attending BYU agree to follow an honor code that mandates behavior in line with LDS teachings , such as academic honesty , adherence to dress and grooming standards , abstinence from extramarital sex and homosexual behavior , and no consumption of illegal drugs , coffee , tea , alcohol , or tobacco . Approximately 99 percent of the students are members of the LDS Church . The university curriculum includes religious education , with required courses in the Bible ( KJV ) , LDS scripture , doctrine , and history , and the university sponsors weekly devotional assemblies with most speakers addressing religious topics . Sixty-six percent of students either delay enrollment or take a hiatus from their studies to serve as LDS missionaries . An education at BYU is less expensive than at similar private universities , since a significant portion of the cost of operating the university is subsidized by the church 's tithing funds . BYU 's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Cougars . Their college football team is an NCAA Division I Independent , while their other sports teams compete in either the West Coast Conference or Mountain Pacific Sports Federation . BYU 's sports teams have won a total of nine NCAA national championships and were named National Champions in football by multiple publications in 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coral_Cup", "text": "The Coral Cup is a Grade 3 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older . It is run on the Old Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 2 miles and 5 furlongs ( 4,225 metres ) , and during its running there are ten hurdles to be jumped . It is a handicap race , and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Cheltenham Festival in March . The event was established in 1993 , and it has been sponsored by Coral throughout its history . The inaugural winner , Olympian , was given a bonus prize of £50,000 for having won the Imperial Cup the previous weekend . The race was promoted to Grade 3 status in 1999 . There were high winds on the day of the planned running in 2008 , so the Coral Cup was rescheduled and run on Cheltenham 's New Course . The distance of the rearranged event was 2 miles and 4½ furlongs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/January_2015_Île-de-France_attacks", "text": "From 7 to 9 January 2015 , terrorist attacks occurred across the Île-de-France region , particularly in Paris . Three attackers killed a total of 17 in four shooting attacks , and police then killed the three assailants . The attacks also wounded 22 other people . A fifth shooting attack did not result in any fatalities . Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility and said that the coordinated attacks had been planned for years . The claim of responsibility for the deadly attack on the magazine came in a video showing AQAP commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi , with pictures of the Kouachis in the background . However , while authorities say the video is authentic , there is not yet any proof that AQAP did indeed help to carry out the attacks . Consequently , Amedy Coulibaly , the third attacker who committed the Montrouge shooting and the Hypercacher Kosher Supermarket siege before his death claimed that he belonged to ISIS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sugarshock!", "text": "Sugarshock ! was an online comic written by Joss Whedon and illustrated by Fábio Moon . It was hosted on Myspace as part of Dark Horse Presents . It won a 2008 Eisner Award for best digital comic . The comic is about a struggling rock band that goes on zany , sci-fi oriented adventures . The tone of the comic is light and humorous . The band is anchored by a spunky , red-haired Asian girl named Dandelion who really hates Vikings ( despite probably being one ) and engages in nonsensical discussions that sometimes turn out to be true ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Street_Fighter_IV:_The_Ties_That_Bind", "text": "Street Fighter IV ( ストリートファイター IV , Sutorīto Faitā Fō ) is a 2008 fighting game published by Capcom , who also co-developed the game with Dimps . It was the first original main entry in the series since Street Fighter III in 1997 , a hiatus of eleven years . The coin-operated arcade game version was released in Japan on July 18 , 2008 , with North American arcades importing the machines by August . The console versions for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 were released in Japan on February 12 , 2009 , and were sold in North American stores as early as February 16 , with a February 18 intended release date . The official European release was on February 20 . A Microsoft Windows version was released on July 2 , 2009 in Japan , July 3 , 2009 in Europe and July 7 , 2009 in the United States . A version for iOS was released on March 10 , 2010 . Also , an Android version was launched , initially as an exclusive for certain LG devices . Then by December 31 , 2012 , the exclusivity expired and the game was made available for all Android devices on the Play Store , with a region restriction that makes it available only in Japan . By March 31 , 2009 , Street Fighter IV had sold over 3 million copies worldwide . An updated version , Super Street Fighter IV , was released as a standalone title in April 2010 . Street Fighter IV has sold 3.4 million units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midlothian", "text": "Midlothian ( /mɪdˈloʊðiən/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Meadhan Lodainn ) is a historic county , registration county , lieutenancy area and one of 32 council areas of Scotland used for local government . Midlothian lies in the east-central Lowlands , bordering the City of Edinburgh , East Lothian and the Scottish Borders . Midlothian emerged as a county in the Middle Ages under larger boundaries than the modern council area , including Edinburgh itself - and also known as Edinburghshire until 1921 . It bordered West Lothian to the west , Lanarkshire , Peeblesshire and Selkirkshire to the south , and East Lothian , Berwickshire and Roxburghshire to the east . Traditional industries included mining , agriculture and fishing - although the modern council area is now landlocked . Under local government reforms in 1975 , Midlothian became a district council within the Lothian region and in 1996 the current unitary council area was created . It contains the towns of Dalkeith , Bonnyrigg and Penicuik , as well as a portion of the Pentland Hills Regional Park , Roslin Chapel and Dalkeith Palace ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unanimous_verdict", "text": "A hung jury or deadlocked jury is a judicial jury that can not agree upon a verdict after extended deliberation and is unable to reach the required unanimity or supermajority . This situation can occur only in common law legal systems , because civil law systems either do not use juries at all or provide that the defendant is immediately acquitted if the majority or supermajority required for conviction is not reached during a single , solemn vote ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Payathonzu_Temple", "text": "The Payathonzu Temple ( Burmese : ဘုရားသုံးဆူ [ pʰəjá θóʊɴ zù ] ; literally Temple of Three Buddhas ) is a Buddhist temple located in the village of Minnanthu ( southeast of Bagan ) in Burma . It is unique in the sense that the temple consists of three temples conjoined through narrow passages . The interior of the temple contains frescoes , believed to be Mahayana and Tantric in style . However , the temple was not completed . The temple was recently renovated , with the completion of the three stupas atop the temple , which are lighter in colour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rowan_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Rowan County ( /ˈroʊ.ɪn/ , /raʊn/ ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 23,333 . Its county seat is Morehead . The county was created in 1856 from parts of Fleming and Morgan counties , and named after John Rowan , who represented Kentucky in the U.S. House and Senate . With regard to the sale of alcohol , it is classified as a moist county - a county in which alcohol sales are prohibited ( a dry county ) , but containing a wet city , in this case Morehead , where package alcohol sales are allowed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Willie_Brown_(American_football)", "text": "William Ferdie Brown ( December 2 , 1940 - October 21 , 2019 ) was an American professional football player , coach , and executive . He played as a cornerback for the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders in the National Football League ( NFL ) . Following his playing career , Brown remained with the Raiders as an assistant coach . He served as the head football coach at California State University , Long Beach in 1991 , the final season before the school 's football program was terminated . Brown was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1984 . At the time of his death he was on the Raiders ' administrative staff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kate_Silverton", "text": "Kate Silverton is an English journalist , currently employed by the BBC . Generally a relief presenter for the BBC , Silverton can be seen regularly presenting the BBC News at One , BBC News at Six , BBC News at Ten , and BBC Weekend News , as well as making occasional appearances on the BBC News Channel and BBC World News . In 2018 she participated in the sixteenth series of BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing , paired with professional dancer Aljaz Skorjanec ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oxfordshire", "text": "Oxfordshire ( abbreviated Oxon , from Oxonium , the Latin name for Oxford ) is a county in South East England . The ceremonial county borders Warwickshire to the north-west , Northamptonshire to the north-east , Buckinghamshire to the east , Berkshire to the south , Wiltshire to the south-west and Gloucestershire to the west . The county has major education and tourist industries and is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities . Oxford University Press is the largest firm among a concentration of print and publishing firms ; the University of Oxford is also linked to the concentration of local biotechnology companies . As well as the city of Oxford , other centres of population are Banbury , Bicester , Kidlington and Chipping Norton to the north of Oxford ; Carterton and Witney to the west ; Thame and Chinnor to the east ; and Abingdon-on-Thames , Wantage , Didcot , Wallingford and Henley-on-Thames to the south . The areas south of the Thames , the Vale of White Horse and parts of South Oxfordshire , are in the historic county of Berkshire , as is the highest point , the 261 metres ( 856 ft ) White Horse Hill . Oxfordshire 's county flower is the snake's-head fritillary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sibson,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Sibson is a village in Cambridgeshire , England . Sibson lies approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Peterborough city centre . Sibson is in the civil parish of Sibson-cum-Stibbington . Sibson is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England . Sibson Aerodrome is 1 km south of the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Road_Riot_4WD", "text": "Road Riot 4WD is an arcade racing game developed by Atari Games and originally released in 1991 . In the game , players control weapon-equipped dune buggies and attempt to win races around the globe . A port of the game was released for the Super NES . Versions of the game for the Atari Lynx and Sega Genesis were developed , but never released . A sequel entitled Road Riot 's Revenge was also in development and cabinets for the game were made , but the sequel never entered mass production ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darbhanga_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Darbhanga Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cherry_Hill,_New_Jersey", "text": "Cherry Hill is a township in Camden County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township had a population of 71,045 , reflecting an increase of 1,080 ( +1.5% ) from the 69,965 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 617 ( +0.9% ) from the 69,348 counted in the 1990 Census . As of 2010 [ update ] , the township was the state 's 15th most populous municipality and the second-largest in Camden County ( behind the city of Camden , the county seat ) , after having been the state 's 13th most populous municipality in the 2000 Census . An edge city of Philadelphia , Cherry Hill is situated on the Delaware Valley coastal plain , approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) southeast of Center City , Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerard_Kenny", "text": "Gerard W. Kenny ( born July 8 , 1947 , New York , United States ) is an American popular music singer-songwriter . He relocated to London , England in 1977 and , in 1981 , he received the Ivor Novello Award for the Best Television Theme Music for his song I Could Be So Good For You , the theme tune of the ITV series Minder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tareque_Masud", "text": "Tareque Masud ( 6 December 1956 - 13 August 2011 ) was a Bangladeshi independent film director , film producer , screenwriter and lyricist . He first found success with the films Muktir Gaan ( 1995 ) and Matir Moina ( 2002 ) , for which he won three international awards , including the International Critics ' FIPRESCI Prize , in the Directors ' Fortnight section outside competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival . The film became Bangladesh 's first film to compete for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film . Masud died in a road accident on 13 August 2011 while returning to Dhaka from Manikganj on the Dhaka-Aricha highway after visiting a filming location . Masud was working on Kagojer Phool ( The Paper Flower ) . In 2012 , he posthumously received Ekushey Padak , the highest civilian award of Bangladesh . In 2013 , New York University Asian/Pacific/American Institute , and South Asia Solidarity Initiative , hosted the first North American retrospective of his films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lavanttal-Arena", "text": "Lavanttal-Arena is a football stadium in Wolfsberg , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ruth_Draper", "text": "Ruth Draper ( December 2 , 1884 - December 30 , 1956 ) was an American actress , dramatist and noted diseuse who specialized in character-driven monologues and monodrama . Her best-known pieces include The Italian Lesson , Three Women and Mr. Clifford , Doctors and Diets , and A Church in Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Incheon_Munhak_Stadium", "text": "The Incheon Munhak Stadium ( also known as Incheon World Cup Stadium or Munhak Stadium ) is a sports complex in Incheon , South Korea and includes a multi-purpose stadium , a baseball park , and other sports facilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fredric_March", "text": "Fredric March ( born Ernest Frederick McIntyre Bickel ; August 31 , 1897 - April 14 , 1975 ) was an American actor , regarded as one of Hollywood 's most celebrated , versatile stars of the 1930s and 1940s . He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ( 1931 ) and The Best Years of Our Lives ( 1946 ) , as well as the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for Years Ago ( 1947 ) and Long Day 's Journey into Night ( 1956 ) . March is one of only two actors , the other being Helen Hayes , to have won both the Academy Award and the Tony Award twice ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anthony_Page", "text": "Anthony Page ( 21 September 1935 in Bangalore , Karnataka , India ) is a British stage and film director ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kadanuumuu", "text": "Kadanuumuu ( Big Man in the Afar language ) is the nickname of KSD-VP-1/1 . It is a 3.58-million-year-old partial Australopithecus afarensis fossil discovered in the Afar Region of Ethiopia in 2005 , by a team led by Yohannes Haile-Selassie , curator of physical anthropology at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History . Based on skeletal analysis , the fossil is believed to conclusively show that the species was fully bipedal . At more than five feet in stature , Kadanuumuu is much taller than the famous Lucy fossil of the same species discovered in the 1970s , and is approximately 400,000 years older . Among other characteristics , Kadanuumuu 's scapula ( part of the shoulder blade ) , the oldest discovered to date for a hominid , is comparable to that of modern humans , suggesting that the species was land rather than tree-based . Not all researchers agree with this conclusion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Silverman", "text": "Tom Silverman is an American entertainment executive . He is most notable for founding the pioneering hip-hop and electro-funk music label , Tommy Boy Records , now known as Tommy Boy Entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Governors_of_Florida", "text": "The governor of Florida is the head of the executive branch of Florida 's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state 's military forces . The governor has a duty to enforce state laws , and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Florida Legislature , to convene the legislature , and to grant pardons , except in cases of impeachment . When Florida was first acquired by the United States , future president Andrew Jackson served as its military governor . Florida Territory was established in 1822 , and five people served as governor over 6 distinct terms . The first territorial governor , William Pope Duval , served 12 years , the longest of any Florida governor to date . Since statehood in 1845 , there have been 45 people who have served as governor , one of whom served two distinct terms . Four state governors have served two full four-year terms : William D. Bloxham , in two stints ; and Reubin Askew , Jeb Bush , and Rick Scott who each served their terms consecutively . Bob Graham almost served two terms , as he resigned with only three days left . The shortest term in office belongs to Wayne Mixson , who served three days following the resignation of his predecessor , Bob Graham . The current governor is Ron DeSantis , a member of the Republican Party who took office on January 8 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Danny_Thomas_Show", "text": "The Danny Thomas Show ( titled Make Room for Daddy for its first three seasons ) is an American sitcom that ran from 1953 to 1957 on ABC and from 1957 to 1964 on CBS . Episodes regularly featured music by Danny Thomas , guest stars and occasionally other cast members as part of the plot . In March 1953 , Danny Thomas first signed the contract for the show with ABC and chose Desilu Studios to film it using its three-camera method . Two proposed titles during preproduction were The Children 's Hour and Here Comes Daddy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reader's_Digest", "text": "Reader 's Digest is an American general-interest family magazine , published ten times a year . Formerly based in Pleasantville , New York , it is now headquartered in Midtown Manhattan . The magazine was founded in 1922 , by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace . For many years , Reader 's Digest was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States ; it lost the distinction in 2009 to Better Homes and Gardens . According to Mediamark Research ( 2006 ) , Reader 's Digest reaches more readers with household incomes of $ 100,000+ than Fortune , The Wall Street Journal , Business Week , and Inc. combined . Global editions of Reader 's Digest reach an additional 40 million people in more than 70 countries , via 49 editions in 21 languages . The periodical has a global circulation of 10.5 million , making it the largest paid circulation magazine in the world . It is also published in Braille , digital , audio , and in a large type called Reader 's Digest Large Print . The magazine is compact , with its pages roughly half the size of most American magazines . Hence , in the summer of 2005 , the U.S. edition adopted the slogan America in your pocket . In January 2008 , it was changed to Life well shared ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taylorstown_Historic_District_(Taylorstown,_Pennsylvania)", "text": "Taylorstown Historic District is a historic district in Taylorstown , Pennsylvania . It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mortal_Kombat:_The_Journey_Begins", "text": "Mortal Kombat is a 1995 American fantasy martial arts action film written by Kevin Droney , directed by Paul W. S. Anderson , produced by Lawrence Kasanoff , and starring Robin Shou , Linden Ashby , Bridgette Wilson and Christopher Lambert . It is a loose adaptation of the early entries in the fighting game series Mortal Kombat and the first installment of the live-action Mortal Kombat film series . The plot of the film follows the warrior monk Liu Kang , the actor Johnny Cage , and the soldier Sonya Blade , all three guided by the god Raiden ( spelled Rayden in the movie ) , on their journey to combat the evil sorcerer Shang Tsung and his forces in a tournament to save Earth . The film 's primary source material was 1992 's original game of the same title , but it was also inspired by and incorporates elements of 1993 's follow-up game Mortal Kombat II . Mortal Kombat , a Lawrence Kasanoff/Threshold Entertainment production in association with Midway Games , was filmed primarily in Los Angeles , as well as on location in Thailand , and premiered on August 18 , 1995 in the United States . It received mixed reviews from the critics with praise towards its martial art sequences , atmosphere , exotic locations and production values whereas the performances were criticized along with the simple script and the PG-13 rating . Its tie-in media included hit soundtracks Mortal Kombat : Original Motion Picture Score , Mortal Kombat : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack and Mortal Kombat : More Kombat , and an animated film , Mortal Kombat : The Journey Begins . Mortal Kombat spent three weeks as the number-one film at the U.S. box office , earning over $ 122 million worldwide . Threshold Entertainment followed with a 1997 sequel film , Mortal Kombat : Annihilation , and created two spin-off television series , Mortal Kombat : Defenders of the Realm and Mortal Kombat : Conquest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2019 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 22-26 . The top six regular season finishers of the league 's ten teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Sprenger Stadium in Avon , Ohio . The winner of the tournament , Central Michigan , earned the conference 's automatic bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muhammad_Ali_dynasty", "text": "The Muhammad Ali dynasty was the ruling dynasty of Egypt and Sudan from the 19th to the mid-20th century . It is named after its progenitor , Muhammad Ali Pasha , regarded as the founder of modern Egypt . It was also more formally known as the Alawiyya dynasty ( ) . Because a majority of the rulers from this dynasty bore the title khedive , it was often referred to by contemporaries as the Khedival dynasty ."}
{"title": "/wiki/84th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 84th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2011 in the United States and took place on February 26 , 2012 , at the Hollywood and Highland Center Theatre [ a ] in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Brian Grazer and Don Mischer , with Mischer also serving as director . Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the ninth time . He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 76th ceremony held in 2004 . On June 14 , 2011 , Academy president Tom Sherak announced at a press conference that , in an attempt to further revitalize interest surrounding the awards , the 2012 ceremony would feature between five and ten Best Picture nominees depending on voting results , as opposed to a set number of nominees . In related events , the Academy held its third annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12 , 2011 . On February 11 , 2012 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Milla Jovovich . The Artist won five awards , including Best Actor for Jean Dujardin , Best Director for Michel Hazanavicius , and Best Picture , the first silent feature to win an Academy Award for Best Picture since 1927 's Wings , the inaugural winner in 1929 . Other winners included Hugo also with five awards , The Iron Lady with two awards , and Beginners , The Descendants , The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , The Help , Midnight in Paris , The Muppets , Rango , Saving Face , A Separation , The Shore , and Undefeated with one . The telecast garnered more than 39 million viewers in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson_Longridge", "text": "Jackson Longridge ( born 12 April 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a left back for Torquay United , on loan from Bradford City . Longridge previously played for Ayr United , Stranraer , Livingston and Dunfermline Athletic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dubbing_(filmmaking)", "text": "Dubbing , mixing , or re-recording is a post-production process used in filmmaking and video production in which additional or supplementary recordings are mixed with original production sound to create the finished soundtrack . The process usually takes place on a dub stage . After sound editors edit and prepare all the necessary tracks - dialogue , automated dialogue replacement ( ADR ) , effects , Foley , music - the dubbing mixers proceed to balance all of the elements and record the finished soundtrack . Dubbing is sometimes confused with ADR , [ further explanation needed ] also known as additional dialogue replacement , [ clarification needed ] automated dialogue recording and looping , in which the original actors re-record and synchronize audio segments . Outside the film industry , the term dubbing commonly refers to the replacement of the actor 's voices with those of different performers speaking another language , which is called revoicing in the film industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Galloway_Forest_Park", "text": "In November 2009 the International Dark-Sky Association conferred Dark Sky Park status on the Galloway Forest Park , the first area in the UK to be so designated . The Scottish Dark Sky Observatory , near Dalmellington , is located within the northern edge of the Galloway Forest Dark Sky Park . The observatory was partly funded by the Scottish Government and opened in 2012 . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivo_Minář", "text": "Ivo Minář ( born 21 May 1984 ) is a former professional male tennis player from the Czech Republic . On July 20 , 2009 , Minář reached his career-high singles ranking of World No . 62 . His brother Jan is also a professional player , who has been ranked in the top 200 in the world . Minář was a member of the winning Czech Republic team in the 2012 Davis Cup . Minář also worked as coach of Czech tennis player Kristýna Plíšková ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Henry_Wilde", "text": "Richard Henry Wilde ( September 24 , 1789 - September 10 , 1847 ) was a United States Representative and lawyer from Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Initial_Point_(Oklahoma)", "text": "Initial Point , on the boundary of Garvin County , Oklahoma and Murray County , Oklahoma , about 7.5 miles ( 12.1 km ) west of Davis , Oklahoma , is a historic surveying initial point which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 . It includes one contributing object , a sandstone marker monument approximately 54x18x18 in dimension . It was set in a mound of stones six feet in diameter and three feet high , from which flagstaff at Fort Arbuckle bears north seven degrees , thirty-seven minutes west ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malmö", "text": "Malmö ( /ˈmælmoʊ , ˈmɑːlmɜː/ ; Swedish : [ ˈmâlmøː ] ( listen ) ; Danish : Malmø [ ˈmælmˌøˀ ] ) is the largest city of the Swedish county of Skåne County , the third-largest city in Sweden , after Stockholm and Gothenburg , and the sixth-largest city in Scandinavia , with a population of 316,588 inhabitants out of a municipal total of 338,230 in 2018 . The Malmö Metropolitan Region is home to over 700,000 people , and the Øresund Region , which includes Malmö , is home to 4 million people . Malmö was one of the earliest and most industrialized towns of Scandinavia , but it struggled with the adaptation to post-industrialism . Since the construction of the Öresund Bridge , Malmö has undergone a major transformation , producing new architectural developments , supporting new biotech and IT companies , and attracting students through Malmö University and other higher education facilities . The city contains many historic buildings and parks , and is also a commercial center for the western part of Scania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2010", "text": "The 11th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held on Thursday , November 11 , 2010 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . It was the third time the annual event had taken place at this location . The eligibility period for recordings to be nominated was July 1 , 2009 to June 30 , 2010 . Nominations were announced on September 8 , 2010 . On September 14 , 2010 it was announced that the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year honoree would be Plácido Domingo . The big winners of the night were Camila , Juan Luis Guerra and Gustavo Cerati with three awards . Juan Luis Guerra 's A Son de Guerra was awarded the Album of the Year , the second time he has received this award . Mientes by pop band Camila won the Record of the Year and Song of the Year . Alex Cuba and Nelly Furtado became the first Canadian musicians to receive a Latin Grammy Award . Cuba received a Latin Grammy Award for Best New Artist and Furtado the Best Female Pop Vocal Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinus_parviflora", "text": "Pinus parviflora , also known as five-needle pine , Ulleungdo white pine , or Japanese white pine , is a pine in the white pine group , Pinus subgenus Strobus , native to Korea and Japan . It is a coniferous evergreen tree , growing to 15-25 m in height and is usually as broad as it is tall , forming a wide , dense , conical crown . The leaves are needle-like , in bundles of five , with a length of 5-6 cm . The cones are 4-7 cm long , with broad , rounded scales ; the seeds are 8-11 mm long , with a vestigial 2-10 mm wing . This is a popular tree for bonsai , and is also grown as an ornamental tree in parks and gardens . The cultivars 'Adcock 's Dwarf ' and Bonnie Bergman have gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Track_and_field_athletics", "text": "Track and field is a sport which includes athletic contests established on the skills of running , jumping , and throwing . The name is derived from where the sport takes place , a running track and a grass field for the throwing and some of the jumping events . Track and field is categorized under the umbrella sport of athletics , which also includes road running , cross country running , and racewalking . The foot racing events , which include sprints , middle- and long-distance events , racewalking and hurdling , are won by the athlete who completes it in the least time . The jumping and throwing events are won by those who achieve the greatest distance or height . Regular jumping events include long jump , triple jump , high jump and pole vault , while the most common throwing events are shot put , javelin , discus and hammer . There are also combined events or multi events , such as the pentathlon consisting of five events , heptathlon consisting of seven events , and decathlon consisting of ten events . In these , athletes participate in a combination of track and field events . Most track and field events are individual sports with a single victor ; the most prominent team events are relay races , which typically feature teams of four . Events are almost exclusively divided by gender , although both the men 's and women 's competitions are usually held at the same venue . If a race has too many people to run all at once , preliminary heats will be run to narrow down the field of participants . Track and field is one of the oldest sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marion,_Indiana", "text": "Marion is a city in Grant County , Indiana , United States . The population was 29,948 as of the 2010 census . The city is the county seat of Grant County . It is named for Francis Marion , a Brigadier General from South Carolina in the American Revolutionary War . The city is the home of Indiana Wesleyan University , the largest evangelical Christian university in the Midwest and largest private university in Indiana - if including online and regional campuses in Indiana , Kentucky , Ohio , and Illinois . The traditional campus enrolls approximately 2800 students . Since 2016 , Jess Alumbaugh has been Marion 's mayor . Marion is the birthplace of actor James Dean , and cartoonist Jim Davis . It was the location of the wedding of actress Julia Roberts and singer Lyle Lovett in 1993 . In August 1930 , the spectacle lynching of two African-American men , Thomas Shipp and Abram Smith , was committed by a mob of 5,000 whites at the courthouse square . These were the last two lynchings in Indiana . James Cameron was threatened with hanging , but spared ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gyeongnam_FC", "text": "Gyeongnam FC ( Hangul : 경남 FC ) is a South Korean football club based in Gyeongsangnam-do . Its home stadium is in Changwon , the capital of South Gyeongsang Province . Gyeongnam FC was founded in 2006 and joined the K League as its 14th club for the 2006 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greenfield,_Massachusetts", "text": "Greenfield is a city in Franklin County , Massachusetts , United States . Greenfield was first settled in 1686 . The population was 17,456 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Franklin County . Greenfield is home to Greenfield Community College , the Pioneer Valley Symphony Orchestra , and the Franklin County Fair . The city has a Main Street Historic District containing fine examples of Federal , Greek Revival , and Victorian architecture . Greenfield is part of the Springfield , Massachusetts , Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Randy_Gardner_(Ohio_politician)", "text": "Randall L. Gardner ( 1958- ) is an American politician , he formerly served as a Republican member of the Ohio Senate , serving the 2nd District from 2013-2018 . He formerly held the same district from 2001 to 2008 , and was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1985 to 2000 , and from 2008 to 2012 . In January 2019 Governor Mike Dewine appointed Gardner as the Chancellor of the Ohio Department of Higher Education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida_Gators_football", "text": "The Florida Gators football program represents the University of Florida in American college football . Florida competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . They play their home games in Steve Spurrier-Florida Field at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium ( nicknamed The Swamp ) on the university 's Gainesville campus . The team 's current head coach is Dan Mullen . The Gators have won three national championships and eight SEC titles in the 112-season history of Florida football ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robin_Day", "text": "Sir Robin Day ( 24 October 1923 - 6 August 2000 ) was an English political journalist and television and radio broadcaster . Day 's obituary in The Guardian by Dick Taverne stated that he was the most outstanding television journalist of his generation . He transformed the television interview , changed the relationship between politicians and television , and strove to assert balance and rationality into the medium 's treatment of current affairs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Light_Middleweight", "text": "Light middleweight , also known as super welterweight or junior middleweight , is a weight class in combat sports ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solaris_(novel)", "text": "Solaris is a 1961 philosophical science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem . Its central theme is the complete failure of human beings to understand an extraterrestrial intelligence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dahlonega,_Georgia", "text": "The city of Dahlonega ( /dəˈlɒnɪɡə/ ) is the county seat of Lumpkin County , Georgia , United States . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 5,242 , and in 2018 the population was estimated to be 6,884 . Dahlonega is located at the north end of Georgia 400 , a freeway which connects Dahlonega to Atlanta . It was named as one of the best places to retire by the publication Real Estate Scorecard . In 1828 Dahlonega was the site of the first major gold rush in the United States . The Dahlonega Gold Museum Historic Site stands in the middle of the town square , housed in the 1836 Lumpkin County Courthouse . From its steps in 1849 , Dahlonega Mint assayer Dr. M. F. Stephenson tried to persuade miners to stay in Dahlonega instead of joining the California Gold Rush , saying , There 's millions in it , often misquoted as There 's gold in them thar hills . Dahlonega is home to the main campus of the University of North Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kolkata", "text": "Kolkata ( /kɒlˈkʌtə/ , Bengali : [ kolkata ] ( listen ) , also known as Calcutta /kælˈkʌtə/ , the official name until 2001 ) is the cultural capital of India and the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal . According to the 2011 Indian census , it is the seventh most populous city ; the city had a population of 4.5 million , while the suburb population brought the total to 14.1 million , making it the third-most populous metropolitan area in India . Kolkata Megalopolis is the area surrounding Kolkata Metropolitan city with additional population . Located on the east bank of the Hooghly River approximately 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) west of the border with Bangladesh , it is the principal commercial , cultural , and educational centre of East India , while the Port of Kolkata is India 's oldest operating port and its sole major riverine port . The city , nicknamed the City of Joy is widely regarded as the cultural capital of India and as of 2019 , six Nobel Laureates have been associated with the city . Recent estimates of Kolkata Metropolitan Area 's economy have ranged from $ 60 to $ 150 billion ( GDP adjusted for purchasing power parity ) making it third most-productive metropolitan area in India , after Mumbai and Delhi . In the late 17th century , the three villages that predated Calcutta were ruled by the Nawab of Bengal under Mughal suzerainty . After the Nawab granted the East India Company a trading licence in 1690 , the area was developed by the Company into an increasingly fortified trading post . Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah occupied Calcutta in 1756 , and the East India Company retook it the following year . In 1793 the East India company was strong enough to abolish Nizamat ( local rule ) , and assumed full sovereignty of the region . Under the company rule , and later under the British Raj , Calcutta served as the capital of British-held territories in India until 1911 , when its perceived geographical disadvantages , combined with growing nationalism in Bengal , led to a shift of the capital to New Delhi . Calcutta was the centre for the Indian independence movement ; it remains a hotbed of contemporary state politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Negeri_Sembilan", "text": "Negeri Sembilan ( Malay pronunciation : [ ˈnəgəri səmbiˈlan ] ) is a state in Malaysia which lies on the western coast of Peninsular Malaysia . It borders Selangor on the north , Pahang in the east , and Melaka and Johor to the south . The name is believed to derive from the nine ( sembilan ) villages or nagari in the Minangkabau language ( now known as luak ) settled by the Minangkabau , a people originally from West Sumatra ( in present-day Indonesia ) . Minangkabau features are still visible today in traditional architecture and the dialect of Malay spoken . Unlike the hereditary monarchs of the other royal Malay states , the ruler of Negeri Sembilan is known as Yang di-Pertuan Besar instead of Sultan . The election of the Ruler is also unique . He is selected by the council of Undangs who lead the four biggest territories of Sungai Ujong , Jelebu , Johol , and Rembau , making it one of the more democratic monarchies . The capital of Negeri Sembilan is Seremban . The royal capital is Seri Menanti in Kuala Pilah District . Other important towns are Port Dickson , Bahau and Nilai . The Arabic honorific title of the state is Darul Khusus ( the Special Abode ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Francisco,_CA", "text": "San Francisco , officially the City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF , San Fran , Frisco , or The City , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . San Francisco is the 15th most populous city in the United States , and the fourth most populous in California , with 883,305 residents as of 2018 . It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles ( 121.4 km2 ) , mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area , making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city , and the fifth most densely populated U.S. county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population , with 4.7 million people , and the 4th-largest by economic output , with GDP of $ 549 billion in 2018 . With San Jose , it forms the fifth most populous combined statistical area in the United States , the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland , CA Combined Statistical Area ( 9.67 million residents in 2018 ) . As of 2018 , San Francisco was the seventh-highest-income county in the United States , with a per capita personal income of $ 130,696 . In the same year , San Francisco proper had a GDP of $ 183.2 billion , and a GDP per capita of $ 207,371 . The CSA San Francisco shares with San Jose and Oakland was the country 's third-largest urban economy as of 2018 , with a GDP of $ 1.03 trillion . Of the 500+ primary statistical areas in the U.S. , this CSA had among the highest GDP per capita in 2018 , at $ 106,757 . San Francisco was ranked 12th in the world and 2nd in the United States on the Global Financial Centres Index as of September 2019 . As of 2016 , the San Francisco metropolitan area had the highest GDP per capita , labor productivity , and household income levels in the OECD . San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de Asís a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PAL", "text": "Phase Alternating Line ( PAL ) is a colour encoding system for analogue television used in broadcast television systems in most countries broadcasting at 625-line / 50 field ( 25 frame ) per second ( 576i ) . It was one of three major analogue colour television standards , the others being NTSC and SECAM . Almost all of the countries using PAL are currently in the process of conversion , or have already converted standards to DVB , ISDB or DTMB . This page primarily discusses the PAL colour encoding system . The articles on broadcast television systems and analogue television further describe frame rates , image resolution and audio modulation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicholls_State_University", "text": "Nicholls State University is a public university in Thibodaux , Louisiana . Founded in 1948 , Nicholls is part of the University of Louisiana System of universities . Originally named Francis T. Nicholls Junior College , the university is named for Francis T. Nicholls , a former governor of Louisiana and member of the Louisiana Supreme Court . The 287-acre ( 1.16 km2 ) campus , once part of Acadia Plantation , fronts on Bayou Lafourche , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) southwest of New Orleans and 60 miles ( 97 km ) southeast of Baton Rouge . Its oldest structure , Elkins Hall , was completed in 1948 and is on the National Register of Historic Places . Nicholls is located in the Acadiana region . It is also within the geographical bounds of the Mississippi River Delta , and close to the Mississippi River , its distributaries , Louisiana 's wetlands , and the Gulf of Mexico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010–11_Euroleague", "text": "The Turkish Airlines Euroleague 2010-11 was the 11th season of the modern era of professional Euroleague Basketball , and the first under the title sponsorship of Turkish Airlines . Including the competition 's previous incarnation as the FIBA Europe Champions Cup , this was the 54th season of the premier first-tier competition for European men 's clubs . The format featured 24 teams , beginning with Game 1 of the first qualifying round on September 21 , 2010 , and culminating at the Final Four in the Palau Sant Jordi , Barcelona . It was won by the Athenian club Panathinaikos ( 6th title ) , who defeated Maccabi Electra in the championship game of May 8 , 2011 . Montepaschi Siena , finished 3rd by holding off Real Madrid in the third-place game . At the individual level , the season was marked by Dimitris Diamantidis of Panathinaikos . Not only did the Greek point guard lift the trophy for the third time in five years and receive the Euroleague Final Four MVP award , but he also became the first player ever to win three end-of-season awards : Euroleague MVP , Euroleague Best Defender , and All-Euroleague First Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albania", "text": "Albania ( /ælˈbeɪniə , ɔːl-/ ( listen ) a ( w ) l-BAY-nee-ə ; Albanian : Shqipëri or Shqipëria ; Gheg Albanian : Shqipni or Shqipnia also Shqypni or Shqypnia ) , officially the Republic of Albania ( Albanian : Republika e Shqipërisë , pronounced [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe on the Adriatic and Ionian Sea within the Mediterranean Sea . It shares land borders with Montenegro to the northwest , Kosovo [ a ] to the northeast , North Macedonia to the east , Greece to the south and maritime borders with Greece , Montenegro and Italy to the west . Geographically , the country displays varied climatic , geological , hydrological and morphological conditions , defined in an area of 28,748 km2 ( 11,100 sq mi ) . It possesses remarkable diversity with the landscape ranging from the snow-capped mountains in the Albanian Alps as well as the Korab , Skanderbeg , Pindus and Ceraunian Mountains to the hot and sunny coasts of the Albanian Adriatic and Ionian Sea along the Mediterranean Sea . Historically , the country has been inhabited by numerous civilisations such as the Illyrians , Thracians , Ancient Greeks , Romans , Byzantines , Venetians and Ottomans . The Albanians established the autonomous Principality of Arbër in the 12th century . The Kingdom of Albania and Principality of Albania formed between the 13th and 14th centuries . Prior to the Ottoman conquest of Albania in the 15th century , the Albanian resistance to Ottoman expansion into Europe led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg won them acclaim over most of Europe . Between the 18th and 19th centuries , Albanians gathered both spiritual and intellectual strength which conclusively led to the Albanian Renaissance . After the defeat of the Ottomans in the Balkan Wars , the modern nation state of Albania declared independence in 1912 . In the 20th century , the Kingdom of Albania was invaded by Italy which formed Greater Albania before becoming a protectorate of Nazi Germany . Enver Hoxha formed Communist Albania after the Second World War and launched the Albanians on a path of oppression and decades of isolation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Montgomerie", "text": "Earl of Eglinton is a title in the Peerage of Scotland . [ a ] In 1859 , the thirteenth Earl of Eglinton , Archibald Montgomerie , was also created Earl of Winton in the Peerage of the United Kingdom , which gave him an automatic seat in the House of Lords , and both earldoms have been united since . Furthermore , other titles held with the earldoms are : Lord Montgomerie ( created 1449 ) , Baron Ardrossan ( 1806 ) and Baron Seton and Tranent ( 1859 ) . The first is in the Peerage of Scotland , while the latter two are in the Peerage of the United Kingdom . William Dunbar mentions a Sir Hugh of Eglinton in his Lament for the Makaris , citing him as a fellow poet . He has sometimes been tentatively identified as Huchown , but this is not certain . The Earl of Eglinton is the hereditary Clan Chief of Clan Montgomery . The family seat is Balhomie House , near Cargill , Perthshire . The ancestral seat was Eglinton Castle , in Kilwinning , North Ayrshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Mobile", "text": "The University of Mobile is a private , Baptist university in Prichard , Alabama . The master's-level university has an enrollment of 1,577 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patrik_Sundström", "text": "Olof Patric Waldemar Sundström ( born 14 December 1961 in Skellefteå , Sweden ) is a retired professional ice hockey centre , who played in the NHL for ten seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Prince_(Indiana)", "text": "William Prince ( 1772 - September 8 , 1824 ) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana . Born in Ireland in 1772 , Prince immigrated to the United States in 1796 and settled in Indiana . He studied law . He served as Commissioner for Gibson County , Indiana and drew the winning lot to become the county seat 's namesake in 1814 . Prince served in the Indiana Territorial Council . He then served as territorial auditor . He served in the State senate in 1816 . Prince also served as state circuit judge . He served as delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1816 . He served as captain in the Battle of Tippecanoe . He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1821 and 1822 . He was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Eighteenth Congress and served from March 4 , 1823 , until his death near Princeton , Indiana , September 8 , 1824 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Korea_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Korea Open was the seventh event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . The event was organised by the Korea Table Tennis Association , under the authority of the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . It was the fourth of six top-tier Platinum events on the tour , and took place from 19-22 July in Daejeon , South Korea . South Korea 's Jang Woo-jin won the men 's singles , men 's doubles and mixed doubles titles , becoming the first player in the history of the ITTF World Tour to win three titles at the same event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berkshire_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Berkshire was a parliamentary constituency in England , represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of England until 1707 , then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1885 . The county returned two knights of the shire until 1832 and three between 1832 and 1885 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Air_racing", "text": "Air racing is a highly specialised type of motorsport that involves airplanes or other types of aircraft that compete over a fixed course , with the winner either returning the shortest time , the one to complete it with the most points , or to come closest to a previously estimated time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Hogan", "text": "William Ben Hogan ( August 13 , 1912 - July 25 , 1997 ) was an American professional golfer who is generally considered to be one of the greatest players in the history of the game . Hogan is notable for his profound influence on golf swing theory and his legendary ball-striking ability . His nine career professional major championships tie him with Gary Player for fourth all-time , trailing only Jack Nicklaus ( 18 ) , Tiger Woods ( 15 ) and Walter Hagen ( 11 ) . He is one of only five golfers to have won all four major championships : the Masters Tournament , The Open ( despite only playing once ) , the U.S. Open , and the PGA Championship . The other four are Nicklaus , Woods , Player , and Gene Sarazen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sega", "text": "Sega Games Co. , Ltd. [ a ] is a Japanese multinational video game developer and publisher headquartered in Shinagawa , Tokyo . Its international branches , Sega of America and Sega Europe , are respectively headquartered in Irvine , California , and London . Sega 's arcade division , once part of Sega Corporation , has existed as Sega Interactive Co. , Ltd. since 2015 . Both companies are subsidiaries of Sega Holdings Co. , Ltd. , which is in turn a part of Sega Sammy Holdings . From 1983 until 2001 , Sega also developed and sold video game consoles . Sega was founded by Martin Bromley and Richard Stewart as Nihon Goraku Bussan [ b ] on June 3 , 1960 . The company became known as Sega Enterprises , Ltd. after acquiring Rosen Enterprises , an importer of coin-operated games . Sega developed its first coin-operated game with Periscope in the late 1960s . In an effort to become a publicly traded company , Sega was sold to Gulf and Western Industries in 1969 . Following a downturn in the arcade business in the early 1980s , Sega began to develop video game consoles , starting with the SG-1000 and Master System , but struggled against competitors such as the Nintendo Entertainment System . In 1984 , Sega executives David Rosen and Hayao Nakayama led a management buyout of the company with backing from CSK Corporation . Sega released its next console , the Sega Genesis ( known as the Mega Drive outside North America ) , in 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CHNE-TV", "text": "CHNE-TV is a community channel in the community of Chéticamp , Nova Scotia . Coordinates : 46°36′24.12″N 61°3′11.88″W / 46.6067000°N 61.0533000°W / 46.6067000 ; -61.0533000 ( CHNE )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Northern_Colorado_Bears_football", "text": "The Northern Colorado Bears football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the University of Northern Colorado located in Greeley , Colorado . The team competes in the Big Sky Conference at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) level . The university 's first football team was fielded in 1893 . The team plays its home games at the 8,533 seat Nottingham Field on campus . The Bears are coached by Ed McCaffrey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Race_Drivin'", "text": "Race Drivin ' is a driving arcade game that invites players to test drive several high-powered sports cars on stunt and speed courses . The game is the sequel of 1989 's Hard Drivin ' and was part of a new generation of games that featured 3D polygon environments . Unlike most racing games of its time , it attempted to model real world car physics in the simulation of the movement of the player 's car . Like Hard Drivin ' , the game was unique among video games in that it included a true force feedback steering wheel , an ignition key , a four-speed shifter , and three foot pedals : an accelerator , a brake , and a clutch , the clutch being a control seldom seen in any video game , then or now ) . Released in August 1990 , approximately 1200 units were produced at the time of its release for roughly $ 9000 each . It was ported to a number of home systems in the mid-1990s , and in 2005 it was ported to the PlayStation 2 , GameCube and Xbox as part of the Midway Arcade Treasures 3 collection ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warmington,_Northamptonshire", "text": "Warmington is a village and civil parish in East Northamptonshire , England with a population of 874 ( as of the 2001 census ) , increasing to 939 at the 2011 Census . It is 2½ miles east of the town of Oundle near the Cambridgeshire border and is 10 miles south west of the city of Peterborough . It has a large 13th-century church , and fine watermill , manor house and dovecote . Most of the houses , however , were built in the 1960s and 1970s . A large estate of private homes has been added since the turn of the millennium increasing the size of the village by around 30% . Warmington is a working , functional village with some impressive old stone buildings which are considered very attractive . The Nene Way footpath runs through the village and is well signposted ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Verona", "text": "Verona ( /vəˈroʊnə/ və-ROH-nə , Italian : [ veˈroːna ] ( listen ) ; Venetian : Verona or Veròna ; historical German : Bern , Welschbern , or Dietrichsbern ) is a city on the Adige River in Veneto , Italy , with 258,108 inhabitants . It is one of the seven provincial capitals of the region . It is the second largest city municipality in the region and the third largest in northeast Italy . The metropolitan area of Verona covers an area of 1,426 km2 ( 550.58 sq mi ) and has a population of 714,274 inhabitants . It is one of the main tourist destinations in northern Italy because of its artistic heritage and several annual fairs , shows , and operas , such as the lyrical season in the Arena , an ancient Roman amphitheater . Two of William Shakespeare 's plays are set in Verona : Romeo and Juliet and The Two Gentlemen of Verona . It is unknown if Shakespeare ever visited Verona or Italy , but his plays have lured many visitors to Verona and surrounding cities . The city has been declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because of its urban structure and architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whitley_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Whitley County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 35,637 . The county seat is at Williamsburg , though the largest city is Corbin , and the county 's District Court ( a trial court of limited jurisdiction ) sits in both cities . Whitley County is included in the London , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Labrador", "text": "Labrador ( /læbrəˈdɔːr/ lab-rə-DOR ) is a geographic and cultural region within the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador . It is the continental portion of the province and constitutes 71% of the province 's area but is home to only 6% of the province 's population . It is separated from the island of Newfoundland by the Strait of Belle Isle . It is the largest and northernmost geographical region in Atlantic Canada . Labrador occupies most of the eastern part of the Labrador Peninsula . It is bordered to the west and the south by the Canadian province of Quebec . Labrador also shares a small land border with the Canadian territory of Nunavut on Killiniq Island . The aboriginal peoples of Labrador include the Northern Inuit of Nunatsiavut , the Southern Inuit-Métis of Nunatukavut ( NunatuKavut ) , and the Innu . Labrador has its own anthem , the Ode to Labrador ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Waddle", "text": "Christopher Roland Waddle ( born 14 December 1960 ) is an English former professional football player and manager . He currently works as a commentator and pundit . Nicknamed Magic Chris , football journalist Luke Ginnell wrote that Waddle was widely acknowledged as one of the finest attacking midfielders in Europe . During his professional career , which lasted from 1978 to 1998 , he played for several clubs , including Newcastle United , Tottenham Hotspur , Olympique de Marseille and Sheffield Wednesday . In 1989 , his transfer from Tottenham to Marseille for £4.5 million made him the third most valuable player in the world , and he won three successive Ligue 1 titles with the club and played in the 1991 European Cup Final . While playing for Wednesday he was voted FWA Footballer of the Year for his performances in the 1992-93 season . Waddle earned 62 caps for England between 1985 and 1991 , which included being a member of the teams which reached the quarter-finals of the 1986 FIFA World Cup and the semi-finals of the 1990 World Cup . He also played for England at UEFA Euro 1988 . In his fifties , he continued to play at semi-professional level for Northern Counties East League side Hallam , and is still being contracted to BBC Radio Five Live as part of their Premier League and Champions League team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cambodia", "text": "Cambodia ( /kæmˈboʊdiə/ ( listen ) ; also Kampuchea /ˌkæmpʊˈtʃiːə/ ; Khmer : កម្ពុជា [ kam.pu.ciə ] ; French : Cambodge ) , officially the Kingdom of Cambodia ( Khmer : ព្រះរាជាណាចក្រកម្ពុជា , prĕəh riəciənaacak kampuciə , IPA : [ prĕəh riə.ciə.naː.caʔ kam.pu.ciə ] ; French : Royaume du Cambodge ) , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia . It is 181,035 square kilometres ( 69,898 square miles ) in area , bordered by Thailand to the northwest , Laos to the northeast , Vietnam to the east and the Gulf of Thailand to the southwest . The sovereign state of Cambodia has a population of over 15 million . The official religion is Theravada Buddhism , practised by approximately 95 percent of the population . Cambodia 's minority groups include Vietnamese , Chinese , Chams and 30 hill tribes . The capital and largest city is Phnom Penh , the political , economic and cultural centre of Cambodia . The kingdom is an elective constitutional monarchy with a monarch , currently Norodom Sihamoni , chosen by the Royal Council of the Throne as head of state . The head of government is the Prime Minister , currently Hun Sen , the longest serving non-royal leader in Southeast Asia , ruling Cambodia since 1985 . In 802 AD , Jayavarman II declared himself king , uniting the warring Khmer princes of Chenla under the name Kambuja . This marked the beginning of the Khmer Empire , which flourished for over 600 years , allowing successive kings to control and exert influence over much of Southeast Asia and accumulate immense power and wealth . The Indianised kingdom facilitated the spread of first Hinduism and then Buddhism to much of Southeast Asia and undertook many religious infrastructural projects throughout the region , including the construction of more than 1,000 temples and monuments in Angkor alone . Angkor Wat is the most famous of these structures and is designated as a World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montréal", "text": "Montreal ( /ˌmʌntriˈɔːl/ ( listen ) MUN-tree-AWL ; officially Montréal , French : [ mɔ̃ʁeal ] ( listen ) ) is the most populous municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec and the second-most populous municipality in Canada . Originally founded in 1642 as Ville-Marie , or City of Mary , it is named after Mount Royal , the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city . The city is centred on the Island of Montreal , which got its name from the same origin as the city , and a few much smaller peripheral islands , the largest of which is Île Bizard . It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold , snowy winters . In 2016 , the city had a population of 1,704,694 , with a population of 1,942,247 in the urban agglomeration , including all of the other municipalities on the Island of Montreal . The broader metropolitan area had a population of 4,098,247 . French is the city 's official language and is the language spoken at home by 49.8% of the population of the city , followed by English at 22.8% and 18.3% other languages ( in the 2016 census , not including multi-language responses ) . In the larger Montreal Census Metropolitan Area , 65.8% of the population speaks French at home , compared to 15.3% who speak English . The agglomeration Montreal is one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada , with over 59% of the population able to speak both English and French . Montreal is the second largest primarily French-speaking city in the developed world , after Paris . It is situated 196 km ( 122 mi ) east of the national capital Ottawa , and 258 km ( 160 mi ) south-west of the provincial capital Quebec City . Historically the commercial capital of Canada , Montreal was surpassed in population and in economic strength by Toronto in the 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malaysia_national_football_team", "text": "The Malaysia national football team represents Malaysia in international football and is controlled by the Football Association of Malaysia . The national team is recognised by FIFA as the successor of the defunct Malaya national football team which was founded for the 1963 Merdeka Tournament one month before the insitution of Malaysia . The team is officially nicknamed Harimau Malaya in reference to the Malayan tiger . Residing in the top 4 most successful teams of Southeast Asia who has won the ASEAN Football Championship at least once and other competitions while improving overall , Malaysia fails to reach greater deed outside Southeast Asia than a bronze won at the Asian Games in 1974 ; having participated in the Summer Olympics once and three AFC Asian Cups , the team failed to progress beyond the group stage in all occasions . Malaysia 's main rivals on the international stage are geographical neighbours : Indonesia , Thailand and Singapore , with dramatic past matches have been produced and in particular , fixtures involving Indonesia being the most heated among these that corresponds to political and social issues , named as 'Nusantara Derby ' or sometimes 'Malay Derby ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ōyu_Stone_Circles", "text": "Ōyu Stone Circles ( 大湯環状列石 , Ōyu Kanjyō Resseki ) is a late Jōmon period ( approx . 2,000 - 1,500 BC ) archaeological site in the city of Kazuno , Akita Prefecture , in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan . The remains were designated a Special National Historic Site of Japan in 1956 by the Japanese government . The site is located approximately ten minutes by car from Towada-Minami on the JR East Hanawa Line of the Towada Interchange on the Tohoku Expressway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Gabor", "text": "Dennis Gabor CBE FRS ( /ˈɡɑːbɔːr , ɡəˈbɔːr/ GAH-bor , gə-BOR ; Hungarian : Gábor Dénes [ ˈɡaːbor ˈdeːnɛʃ ] ; 5 June 1900 - 9 February 1979 ) was a Hungarian-British electrical engineer and physicist , most notable for inventing holography , for which he later received the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics . Gábor Dénes College in Budapest , Hungary , is named after him in honour of his works ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Akita_Prefecture", "text": "Akita Prefecture ( 秋田県 , Akita-ken ) is a prefecture located in the Tōhoku region of Japan . The capital is the city of Akita ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Idaho_Vandals_men's_basketball", "text": "The Idaho Vandals men 's basketball team represents the University of Idaho , located in Moscow , Idaho , in NCAA Division I basketball competition . They currently compete in the Big Sky Conference . The Vandals are currently coached by Zac Claus and play their home games on campus at the Cowan Spectrum ( 7,000 ) at the Kibbie Dome ; the Memorial Gym is the alternate venue . The university is preparing to build the new Idaho Central Credit Union Arena ; when the 4,200-seat venue opens in 2021 , the men 's basketball team , as well as the women 's basketball and volleyball teams , will move to the new facility . The program 's two most notable seasons were in 1962-63 and 1981-82 . The Vandals went 20-6 in 1963 and featured future hall of famer Gus Johnson . The 1982 team ( 27-3 ) was ranked sixth in both polls at the end of the regular season , repeated as regular season and conference tournament champions , and reached the Sweet Sixteen of the NCAA tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roberto_Blades", "text": "Roberto Blades is a Panamanian Salsa singer . His most popular songs are Ya No Regreso Contigo , Lagrimas , Poquita Fe , Casco , Detalles , El Artista Famoso , Victima de Afecto , Flor Dormida and Si Estuvieras Conmigo among many more . He is the younger brother of singer Rubén Blades . In 2002 , Roberto Blades won the Grammy Award for Best Salsa Album . He has not released a new album since preferring to work as a songwriter and producer . In June 2010 , Blades appeared on Dateline NBC to discuss Joran van der Sloot . According to Blades , he witnessed van der Sloot 's behavior on the night of the death of Stephany Tatiana Flores Ramírez ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shropshire", "text": "Shropshire ( /ˈʃrɒpʃər , -ʃɪər/ ; alternatively Salop ; abbreviated , in print only , Shrops ; demonym Salopian /səˈloʊpiən/ sə-LOH-pee-ən , Welsh : Swydd Amwythig ) is a county in England , bordering Wales to the west , Cheshire to the north , Staffordshire to the east , and Worcestershire and Herefordshire to the south . Shropshire Council was created in 2009 , a unitary authority taking over from the previous county council and five district councils . The borough of Telford and Wrekin has been a separate unitary authority since 1998 but continues to be included in the ceremonial county . The county 's population and economy is centred on five towns : the county town of Shrewsbury , which is culturally and historically important and close to the centre of the county ; Telford , a new town in the east which was constructed around a number of older towns , most notably Wellington , Dawley and Madeley , which is today the most populous ; and Oswestry in the northwest , Bridgnorth just to the south of Telford , and Ludlow in the south . The county has many market towns , including Whitchurch in the north , Newport northeast of Telford and Market Drayton in the northeast of the county . The Ironbridge Gorge area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , covering Ironbridge , Coalbrookdale and a part of Madeley . There are other historic industrial sites in the county , such as at Shrewsbury , Broseley , Snailbeach and Highley , as well as the Shropshire Union Canal . The Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty covers about a quarter of the county , mainly in the south . Shropshire is one of England 's most rural and sparsely populated counties , with a population density of 136/km2 ( 350/sq mi ) . The Wrekin is one of the most famous natural landmarks in the county , though the highest hills are the Clee Hills , Stiperstones and the Long Mynd . Wenlock Edge is another significant geographical and geological landmark . In the low-lying northwest of the county overlapping the border with Wales is the Fenn 's , Whixall and Bettisfield Mosses National Nature Reserve , one of the most important and best preserved bogs in Britain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nakamura_Jakuemon_IV", "text": "Nakamura Jakuemon IV ( 四代目 中村 雀右衛門 , Yodaime Nakamura Jakuemon ) ( 20 August 1920 - 22 February 2012 ) was a Japanese kabuki actor most known for onnagata performance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Post_town", "text": "A post town is a required part of all postal addresses in the United Kingdom and Ireland , and a basic unit of the postal delivery system . Including the correct post town in the address increases the chance of a letter or parcel being delivered on time . Post towns in general originated as the location of delivery offices . As of 2004 [ update ] , their main function is to distinguish between localities or street names in addresses not including a postcode ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WDRR", "text": "WDRR also known as 93.9 Bob FM , is a classic hits radio station located in Augusta , Georgia . The station is licensed to the town of Martinez , Georgia by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) and broadcasts with an effective radiated power ( ERP ) of 13 kW . The station is owned by Beasley Broadcast Group , Inc. , through licensee Beasley Media Group , LLC . Its studios are located just two blocks from the Augusta-Richmond County border in unincorporated Columbia County , Georgia and the transmitter is in Augusta proper near Fort Gordon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Hendriks", "text": "Jimmy Hendriks ( born 19 March 1994 ) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Dovolani", "text": "Driton Tony Dovolani ( born July 17 , 1973 ) is an Albanian-American professional ballroom dancer , instructor and judge . He is known for his involvement in the American version of Dancing with the Stars on ABC . Dovolani also portrayed Slick Willy in the hit film Shall We Dance ? and spent time coaching actress Jennifer Lopez ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Roseland_Community_College", "text": "The Roseland Academy is a coeducational secondary school with academy status , located in Tregony in the English county of Cornwall . The school was established in 1963 , and became a comprehensive in 1976 . Previously a foundation school administered by Cornwall Council , Roseland Community College converted to academy status on 1 April 2011 . The school continues to coordinate with Cornwall Council for admissions . The Roseland Academy offers GCSEs , BTECs and OCR Nationals as programmes of study for pupils . The school also offers some vocational courses in conjunction with Truro and Penwith College and Cornwall College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1963", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1963 took place in Imst , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Haven,_Connecticut", "text": "New Haven is a coastal city in the U.S. state of Connecticut . It is located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of Long Island Sound in New Haven County , Connecticut , and is part of the New York metropolitan area . With a population of 129,779 as determined by the 2010 United States Census , it is the second-largest city in Connecticut after Bridgeport . New Haven is the principal municipality of Greater New Haven , which had a total population of 862,477 in 2010 . New Haven was the first planned city in America . A year after its founding by English Puritans in 1638 , eight streets were laid out in a four-by-four grid , creating what is commonly known as the Nine Square Plan . The central common block is the New Haven Green , a 16-acre ( 6 ha ) square at the center of Downtown New Haven . The Green is now a National Historic Landmark , and the Nine Square Plan is recognized by the American Planning Association as a National Planning Landmark . New Haven is the home of Yale University . As New Haven 's biggest taxpayer and employer , Yale serves as an integral part of the city 's economy . Health care ( hospitals and biotechnology ) , professional services ( legal , architectural , marketing , and engineering ) , financial services , and retail trade also contribute to the city 's economic activity . The city served as co-capital of Connecticut from 1701 until 1873 , when sole governance was transferred to the more centrally located city of Hartford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Literature", "text": "Literature , most generically , is any body of written works . More restrictively , literature refers to writing considered to be an art form or any single writing deemed to have artistic or intellectual value , often due to deploying language in ways that differ from ordinary usage . Its Latin root literatura/litteratura ( derived itself from littera : letter or handwriting ) was used to refer to all written accounts . The concept has changed meaning over time to include texts that are spoken or sung ( oral literature ) , and non-written verbal art forms . Developments in print technology have allowed an ever-growing distribution and proliferation of written works , culminating in electronic literature . Literature is classified according to whether it is fiction or non-fiction , and whether it is poetry or prose . It can be further distinguished according to major forms such as the novel , short story or drama ; and works are often categorized according to historical periods or their adherence to certain aesthetic features or expectations ( genre ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capitol_Heights_station", "text": "Capitol Heights is an island-platformed Washington Metro station in Capitol Heights , Maryland , United States . The station was opened on November 22 , 1980 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . Providing service for the Blue and Silver Lines , the station is located at 133 Central Avenue in a residential area at East Capitol Street and Southern Avenue SE . This is the first station on the two lines in Maryland going east ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laila_Kveli", "text": "Laila Kveli ( born 22 October 1987 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian cross-country skier . She finished second in the women 's main competition of Vasaloppet in 2012 , and won the same competition in 2013 and 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Mitchell_(basketball,_born_1989)", "text": "Tony Mitchell ( born August 7 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player for Trotamundos de Carabobo of the Venezuelan Liga Profesional de Baloncesto ( LBA ) . He played college basketball for the University of Alabama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hoary_bat", "text": "The hoary bat ( Aeorestes cinereus ) is a species of bat in the vesper bat family , Vespertilionidae . It lives throughout most of North America and much of South America , with disjunct populations in the Galápagos Islands and Hawaii ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malú", "text": "Malú ( full name María Lucía Sánchez Benitez ) is a Spanish singer . The Spanish singer is the niece of the famous composer and guitarist Paco de Lucía , and is known for songs such as Aprendiz , Como Una Flor , Toda , Diles , Si Estoy Loca and No Voy a Cambiar . Also the last we know about her is that she is pregnant , she is about to be a mother with Albert Rivera ( ex politicians )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Crusaders_(rugby_union)", "text": "The Crusaders ( formerly the Canterbury Crusaders and officially the BNZ Crusaders due to sponsorship by the Bank of New Zealand ) is a New Zealander professional rugby union team based in Christchurch , who compete in the Super Rugby competition . They have won 10 titles ( 1998 , 1999 , 2000 , 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , 2008 , 2017 , 2018 and 2019 ) . Formed in 1996 to represent the upper South Island of New Zealand in the Super 12 , the Crusaders represent the Buller , Canterbury , Mid-Canterbury , South Canterbury , Tasman and West Coast provincial Rugby Unions . Their main home ground is Orangetheory Stadium , formerly known as AMI Stadium , [ n 1 ] before that Jade Stadium , and before that , Lancaster Park . They are the current Super Rugby champions . The Crusaders struggled in the first season of the Super 12 , 1996 , finishing last . Their performance improved in 1997 and the team finished sixth ( out of twelve teams ) . The team went on to win all three titles from 1998 to 2000 despite each final being played away from home . They again won the competition in 2002 after going through the season unbeaten . In the following two seasons , they again reached the final , although they were beaten on both occasions . 2005 was the last season of the Super 12 before its expansion . After finishing top of the table in that season , the Crusaders went on to host the final in which they defeated the Waratahs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bragança_Paulista", "text": "Bragança Paulista is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil . The population is 160,665 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 512.6 km² . The elevation is 817 m. The city is famous for its traditional sausages , with several establishments claiming to sell the real Bragança sausage . Bragança has become a commuter town due to its proximity to São Paulo and Campinas . As a result , real estate is developing at a fast pace and several gated communities have sprung up all over town . The city is served by Arthur Siqueira Airport dedicated to general aviation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marseille", "text": "Marseille ( /mɑːrˈseɪ/ mar-SAY , also spelled in English as Marseilles ; French : [ maʁsɛj ] ( listen ) , locally [ maʁˈsɛjə ] ( listen ) ; Occitan : Marselha [ maʀˈsejɔ , -ˈsijɔ ] ) is the prefecture of the department of Bouches-du-Rhône and region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur . It is located on the Mediterranean coast near the mouth of the Rhône . The city covers an area of 241 km2 ( 93 sq mi ) and had a population of 870,018 in 2016 . Its metropolitan area , which extends over 3,173 km2 ( 1,225 sq mi ) is the third-largest in France after those of Paris and Lyon , with a population of 1,831,500 as of 2010 . Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia ( Greek : Μασσαλία , romanized : Massalía ) , Marseille was an important European trading centre and remains the main commercial port of the French Republic . Marseille is now France 's largest city on the Mediterranean coast and the largest port for commerce , freight and cruise ships . The city was European Capital of Culture in 2013 and European Capital of Sport in 2017 ; it hosted matches at the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2016 . It is home to Aix-Marseille University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guglielmo_Marconi", "text": "Guglielmo Giovanni Maria Marconi , 1st Marquis of Marconi FRSA ( Italian : [ ɡuʎˈʎɛlmo marˈkoːni ] ; 25 April 1874 - 20 July 1937 ) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer , known for his pioneering work on long-distance radio transmission , development of Marconi 's law , and a radio telegraph system . He is credited as the inventor of radio , and he shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy . Marconi was also an entrepreneur , businessman , and founder of The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company in the United Kingdom in 1897 ( which became the Marconi Company ) . He succeeded in making an engineering and commercial success of radio by innovating and building on the work of previous experimenters and physicists . In 1929 , Marconi was ennobled as a Marchese ( marquis ) by King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy , and , in 1931 , he set up the Vatican Radio for Pope Pius XI ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalyanji_Anandji", "text": "Kalyanji-Anandji are an Indian composer duo from Gujarat : Kalyanji Virji Shah ( 30 June 1928 - 24 August 2000 ) and his brother Anandji Virji Shah ( born 2 March 1933 ) . The duo are known for their work on Hindi film soundtracks , with many evergreen songs being composed by them . Some of their best-known works are Don , Bairaag , Saraswatichandra , Qurbani , Muqaddar Ka Sikandar , Laawaris ( film ) , Tridev , Safar , etc . They won the 1975 Filmfare Award for Best Music Director for Kora Kagaz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lord_Maxwell", "text": "Earl of Nithsdale was a title in the Peerage of Scotland . It was created in 1620 for Robert Maxwell , 9th Lord Maxwell , with remainder to heirs male . He was made Lord Maxwell , Eskdale and Carlyle at the same time . The title of Lord Maxwell had been created in the Peerage of Scotland in 1445 for Herbert Maxwell . Some confusion in the numbering of the Lords Maxwell has arisen from the second Lord 's surrender of his barony during his lifetime in favour of his son , who then pre-deceased him . Some authorities refer to the son only as the Master of Maxwell , but he is more usually counted as the third Lord Maxwell . The fourth Lord Maxwell was killed at the Battle of Flodden in 1513 . The 8th Lord Maxwell was beheaded in Edinburgh in 1613 for a revenge killing . On the second Earl of Nithdale 's death in 1667 , the titles were inherited by John Maxwell , 7th Lord Herries of Terregles , who became the third Earl . He was the great-grandson of Sir John Maxwell , second son of Robert Maxwell , 5th Lord Maxwell . His grandson , the fifth Earl , was involved in the Jacobite rising of 1715 and attainted with his titles forfeited . However , Lord Nithsdale made a celebrated escape from the Tower of London by changing clothes with his wife 's maid the day before he was due to be executed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mickey_Rooney", "text": "Mickey Rooney ( born Ninnian Joseph Yule Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 - April 6 , 2014 ) was an American actor , vaudevillian , comedian , producer , and radio personality . In a career spanning nine decades and continuing until shortly before his death , he appeared in more than 300 films and was among the last surviving stars of the silent film era . At the height of a career that was marked by declines and comebacks , Rooney performed the role of Andy Hardy in a series of 16 films in the 1930 's and 1940 's that epitomized American family values . A versatile performer , he became a celebrated character actor later in his career . Laurence Olivier once said he considered Rooney the best there has ever been . Clarence Brown , who directed him in two of his earliest dramatic roles , National Velvet and The Human Comedy , said he was the closest thing to a genius I ever worked with . Rooney first performed in vaudeville as a child and made his film debut at the age of six . At 14 , he played Puck in the play and later the 1935 film adaptation of A Midsummer Night 's Dream . Critic David Thomson hailed his performance as one of the cinema 's most arresting pieces of magic . In 1938 , he co-starred in Boys Town . At 19 , he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 . At the peak of his career between the ages of 15 and 25 , he made 43 films , which made him one of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer 's most consistently successful actors and a favorite of MGM studio head Louis B. Mayer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_Coast_Conference", "text": "The Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) is a collegiate athletic conference located in the eastern United States . Headquartered in Greensboro , North Carolina , the conference consists of fifteen member universities , each of whom compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division I , with its football teams competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , the highest levels for athletic competition in US-based collegiate sports . The ACC sponsors competition in twenty-five sports with many of its member institutions ' athletic programs held in high regard nationally . Current members of the conference are Boston College , Clemson University , Duke University , Georgia Institute of Technology , Florida State University , North Carolina State University , Syracuse University , the University of Louisville , the University of Miami , the University of North Carolina , the University of Notre Dame , the University of Pittsburgh , the University of Virginia , Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University , and Wake Forest University . ACC teams and athletes have claimed dozens of national championships in multiple sports throughout the conference 's history . Generally , the ACC 's top athletes and teams in any particular sport in a given year are considered to be among the top collegiate competitors in the nation . Also , the conference enjoys extensive media coverage . The ACC was one of the five collegiate power conferences , which had automatic qualifying for their football champion into the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) . With the advent of the College Football Playoff in 2014 , the ACC is one of five conferences with a contractual tie-in to a New Year 's Six bowl game , the successors to the BCS . The ACC was founded on May 8 , 1953 , by seven universities located in the South Atlantic States , with the University of Virginia joining in early December 1953 to bring the membership to eight . The loss of South Carolina in 1971 dropped membership to seven , while the addition of Georgia Tech in 1979 for non-football sports and 1983 for football brought it back to eight , and Florida State 's arrival in 1991 for non-football sports and 1992 for football increased the membership to nine . Since 2000 , with the widespread reorganization of the NCAA , seven additional schools have joined , and one original member ( Maryland ) has left to bring it to the current membership of 15 schools ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Federal_Dependencies_of_Venezuela", "text": "The Federal Dependencies of Venezuela ( Spanish : Dependencias Federales de Venezuela ) encompass most of Venezuela 's offshore islands in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Venezuela , excluding those islands that form the State of Nueva Esparta . These islands , with a total area of 342 square kilometres , are sparsely populated - according to the preliminary results of the 2011 Census only 2,155 people live there permanently , with another hundred from Margarita Island who live there seasonally to engage in fishing . Local government is officially under the authority of the mayor of Caracas , although de facto power is often held in the heads of the sparse and somewhat isolated communities that decorate the territories . In 2015 , a diplomatic problem occurred between the two countries due to the incursion of Colombian and US frigates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_emblem", "text": "A national emblem is an emblem or seal that is reserved for use by a nation state or multi-national state as a symbol of that nation . Many nations have a seal or emblem in addition to a national flag and a national coat of arms . Other national symbols , such as national birds , trees , flowers , etc. , are listed at lists of national symbols ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golspie", "text": "Golspie ( Scottish Gaelic : Goillspidh ) is a village in Sutherland , Highland , Scotland , which lies on the North Sea coast in the shadow of Ben Bhraggie . It has a population of around 1,350 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juris_Doctor", "text": "The Juris Doctor degree ( J.D . or JD ) , also known as the Doctor of Jurisprudence degree ( J.D. , JD , D.Jur . or DJur ) , is a graduate-entry professional degree in law and one of several Doctor of Law degrees . The Juris Doctor is earned by completing law school in Australia , Canada , the United States , and some other common law countries . It has the academic standing of a professional doctorate ( in contrast to a research doctorate ) in the United States , a master 's degree in Australia , and a second-entry baccalaureate degree in Canada ( in all three jurisdictions the same as other professional degrees such as M.D . or D.D.S./D.M.D. , the degrees required to be a practicing physician or dentist , respectively ) . The degree was first awarded in the United States in the early 20th century and was created as a modern version of the old European doctor of law degree ( such as the Dottore in Giurisprudenza in Italy and the Juris Utriusque Doctor in Germany and central Europe ) . Originating from the 19th-century Harvard movement for the scientific study of law and first denominated LL.B. , it is a degree that in most common law jurisdictions is the primary professional preparation for lawyers . It traditionally involves a three-year program , although some U.S. law schools offer a two-year accelerated program in which students complete courses over two additional summer semesters . The LL.B . was largely replaced by the J.D . in the US in the later 20th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Michael's_Church,_Old_Town,_Chicago", "text": "St. Michael 's Church in the Old Town neighborhood of Chicago is a Roman Catholic church staffed by the Redemptorist order of priests . The parish was founded to minister to German Catholic immigrants in 1852 with its first wooden church completed that year at a cost of $ 750 ( including the bell ) . The building stands at the intersection of Eugenie Street and Cleveland Avenue . The church was built as a haven for German immigrants who were outcasts in Old Chicago . In addition , the town 's main church , St. Joseph 's Church , was overcrowded . The Redemptorists were invited to administer the parish in 1860 and a large brick church was finished in 1869 . When completed , its tower made it the tallest building in Chicago and the United States , a distinction it held until the old Chicago Board of Trade Building was completed in 1885 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florence", "text": "Florence ( /ˈflɒrəns/ FLORR-ənss ; Italian : Firenze [ fiˈrɛntse ] ( listen ) ) [ a ] is a city in central Italy and the capital city of the Tuscany region . It is the most populated city in Tuscany , with 383,084 inhabitants in 2013 , and over 1,520,000 in its metropolitan area . Florence was a centre of medieval European trade and finance and one of the wealthiest cities of that era . It is considered by many academics the birthplace of the Renaissance , and has been called the Athens of the Middle Ages . Its turbulent political history includes periods of rule by the powerful Medici family and numerous religious and republican revolutions . From 1865 to 1871 the city served as the capital of the Kingdom of Italy ( established in 1861 ) . The Florentine dialect forms the base of Standard Italian and it became the language of culture throughout Italy due to the prestige of the masterpieces by Dante Alighieri , Petrarch , Giovanni Boccaccio , Niccolò Machiavelli and Francesco Guicciardini . The city attracts millions of tourists each year , and UNESCO declared the Historic Centre of Florence a World Heritage Site in 1982 . The city is noted for its culture , Renaissance art and architecture and monuments . The city also contains numerous museums and art galleries , such as the Uffizi Gallery and the Palazzo Pitti , and still exerts an influence in the fields of art , culture and politics . Due to Florence 's artistic and architectural heritage , Forbes has ranked it as one of the most beautiful cities in the world . Florence plays an important role in Italian fashion , and is ranked in the top 15 fashion capitals of the world by Global Language Monitor ; furthermore , it is a major national economic centre , as well as a tourist and industrial hub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conwy_Castle", "text": "Conwy Castle ( Welsh : Castell Conwy ) is a fortification in Conwy , located in North Wales . It was built by Edward I , during his conquest of Wales , between 1283 and 1289 . Constructed as part of a wider project to create the walled town of Conwy , the combined defences cost around £15,000 , a huge sum for the period . Over the next few centuries , the castle played an important part in several wars . It withstood the siege of Madog ap Llywelyn in the winter of 1294-95 , acted as a temporary haven for Richard II in 1399 and was held for several months by forces loyal to Owain Glyndŵr in 1401 . Following the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642 , the castle was held by forces loyal to Charles I , holding out until 1646 when it surrendered to the Parliamentary armies . In the aftermath , the castle was partially slighted by Parliament to prevent it being used in any further revolt , and was finally completely ruined in 1665 when its remaining iron and lead was stripped and sold off . Conwy Castle became an attractive destination for painters in the late 18th and early 19th centuries . Visitor numbers grew and initial restoration work was carried out in the second half of the 19th century . In the 21st century , the ruined castle is managed by Cadw as a tourist attraction . UNESCO considers Conwy to be one of the finest examples of late 13th century and early 14th century military architecture in Europe , and it is classed as a World Heritage site . The rectangular castle is built from local and imported stone and occupies a coastal ridge , originally overlooking an important crossing point over the River Conwy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luke_McGee", "text": "Luke Paul McGee ( born 2 September 1995 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bradford City on loan from Portsmouth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Bridges", "text": "Jeffrey Leon Bridges ( born December 4 , 1949 ) is an American actor , singer , comedian and producer . He comes from a prominent acting family and appeared on the television series Sea Hunt ( 1958-60 ) , with his father , Lloyd Bridges and brother , Beau Bridges . He won numerous accolades , including the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis Bad Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show ( 1971 ) , Bad Company ( 1972 ) , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot ( 1974 ) , Starman ( 1984 ) , The Contender ( 2000 ) , True Grit ( 2010 ) , and Hell or High Water ( 2016 ) . His other films include Tron ( 1982 ) , Jagged Edge ( 1985 ) , The Fabulous Baker Boys ( 1989 ) , The Fisher King ( 1991 ) , Fearless ( 1993 ) , The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) , Seabiscuit ( 2003 ) , Iron Man ( 2008 ) , Tron : Legacy ( 2010 ) , and The Giver ( 2014 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada_at_the_1992_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Canada competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . Canada has competed at every Winter Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vallis_Rheita", "text": "Vallis Rheita is a linear valley on the near side of the Moon . It is located in the southeastern quadrant , and is oriented radially to Mare Nectaris . This valley appears to share a common origin with the Vallis Snellius to the northeast , as both are oriented radially with Mare Nectaris . The center of the valley lies at selenographic coordinates 42°30′S 51°30′E / 42.5°S 51.5°E / -42.5 ; 51.5 , and it has a length of 445 km . At its maximum extent this valley has a width of about 30 km , but it narrows to 10 km at the southeastern extreme . It is the second longest such valley on the near side of the Moon , being exceeded only by Vallis Snellius . Vallis Rheita has been eroded by a series of impacts , and several notable craters lie along the length of this valley . Near the northwestern end is the crater Rheita , for which this formation was named . Further to the southeast is the crater Young , nearly centered across the valley . Next to Young is Young D , also lying across the valley but less distorted by the rift . Further southeast are the craters Mallet and Reimarus , the later located near the difficult-to-discern terminus . The satellite crater Mallet D , next to Mallet , also overlays part of the valley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/39th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "39th Indian Infantry Division ( originally the 1st Burma Division ) was an infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II , which became a Training Division in 1943 after its recovery into India from Burma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duleek/Bellewstown_GAA", "text": "Duleek/Bellewstown is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Duleek , in County Meath , Ireland . The club plays football in Meath GAA competitions . Duleek won the Meath Senior Football Championship once in 1943 and was their only Senior Football Championship wins . The club currently competes at intermediate level . Over recent years a plan has been put in place for the renewal of the club grounds including many new amenities such as state of the art flood lights a second full size pitch , an astro and many more ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria", "text": "Austria ( /ˈɒstriə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɔːs-/ ; German : Österreich [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯ç ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Austria ( German : Republik Österreich , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe . It is composed of nine federated states ( Bundesländer ) , one of which is Vienna , Austria 's capital and its largest city . It is bordered by Germany to the northwest , Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia to the northeast , Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 ( 32,386 sq mi ) and has a population of nearly 9 million people . While German is the country 's official language , many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects . Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy . In the 16th century , Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg - one of the most influential royal dynasties in history . As an archduchy , it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire . Early in the 19th century , Austria established its own empire , which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation but pursued its own course independently of the other German states . Following the Austro-Prussian War and the compromise with Hungary , the Dual Monarchy was established . Austria was involved in World War I under Emperor Franz Joseph following the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand , the presumptive successor to the Austro-Hungarian throne . After the defeat and the dissolution of the Monarchy , the Republic of German-Austria was proclaimed with the intent of the union with Germany , which eventually failed because of the Allied Powers and the state remained unrecognized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cúcuta", "text": "Cúcuta ( Spanish : [ ˈkukuta ] ( listen ) ) , officially San José de Cúcuta , is a Colombian city , capital of Norte de Santander department . It is located in the northeast of the country , in the eastern branch of the Colombian Andes , on the border with Venezuela . Cúcuta has a population of 711,715 people according to the 2018 census , making it the 6th largest city in the country . Due to its proximity with Venezuela , Cúcuta is an important commercial center , hosting many billion dollar companies . The international border in Cúcuta is said to be the most dynamic of South America . The city has a length of 12 kilometres ( 7.5 miles ) from north to south and 11 kilometres ( 6.8 miles ) from east to west . It is divided into 10 communes and it is the political , economic , administrative , industrial , cultural and tourism hub of the Norte de Santander department . Cúcuta has experienced a great urban development , as a result other cities have been formed around it , like Los Patios in the east , and Villa del Rosario in the south . They are part of the Metropolitan Area of Cúcuta which has a population of about 850,000 people . It is connected by roads across the country to major cities like Bogotá , Bucaramanga , Ocaña , Valledupar , Pamplona , Tunja and Cartagena de Indias and because of its location , to many cities of Venezuela . Its airport , Camilo Daza International Airport , offers flights to several Colombian cities . The city was the place of some of the most important events in Colombian history , like the redaction of the first constitution by the Congress of Cúcuta which led to the foundation of the Republic of Colombia , also known as Gran Colombia , and the Battle of Cúcuta , where troops led by Simón Bolívar defeated the Spanish Royal Rorce , thereby liberating the city from Spanish rule and allowing Bolívar troops to continue their campaign toward Venezuela ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seinfeld", "text": "Seinfeld is an American sitcom television series created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld for NBC . As a comedian rising in popularity in the late eighties , Seinfeld was presented with an opportunity to create a show with NBC . Seinfeld asked fellow comedian and friend , Larry David , to help create a premise for a sitcom . The show stars Seinfeld as a fictionalized version of himself , and mostly focuses on his personal life with a handful of friends and acquaintances , including best friend George Costanza ( Jason Alexander ) , friend and former girlfriend Elaine Benes ( Julia Louis-Dreyfus ) , and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer ( Michael Richards ) . Seinfeld is set predominantly in an apartment building in Manhattan 's Upper West Side in New York City . It is often described as being a show about nothing , as many of its episodes are about the minutiae of daily life . Seinfeld was produced by West-Shapiro Productions and Castle Rock Entertainment and ran from 1989 to 1998 . In syndication , the series is distributed by Sony Pictures Television . It was largely written by David and Seinfeld with script writers who included Larry Charles , Peter Mehlman , Gregg Kavet , Carol Leifer , David Mandel , Jeff Schaffer , Steve Koren , Jennifer Crittenden , Tom Gammill , Max Pross , Dan O'Keefe , Charlie Rubin , Marjorie Gross , Alec Berg , Elaine Pope , and Spike Feresten . A favorite among critics , the series led the Nielsen ratings in seasons six and nine , and finished among the top two ( with NBC 's ER ) every year from 1994 to 1998 . Seinfeld is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential sitcoms of all time . It has been ranked among the best television shows of all time in publications such as Entertainment Weekly , Rolling Stone , and TV Guide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shenley,_Hertfordshire", "text": "Shenley is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , England , between Barnet and St Albans . The village is located 18.7 miles from Central London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chan_Sow_Lin_LRT_station", "text": "Chan Sow Lin LRT station is an at-grade rapid transit station and interchange station situated in Pudu , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . The station serves as an interchange station for the Sri Petaling Line and Ampang Line , formerly known as STAR . The station is a part of the common route shared by both the Ampang Line ( Sentul Timur-Ampang ) and Sri Petaling Line ( Sentul Timur-Putra Heights ) . Beginning from July 2016 and with the completion of the LRT extension , the station was designated as the only interchange station between both lines for the new mode of operation due to the upgrading of the signalling systems . After December 2016 , train service from Ampang to Sentul Timur was restored . The station is the southernmost station for the Ampang Line . The station was opened on 16 December 1996 , as part of the first phase of the STAR system 's opening , alongside 13 adjoining stations along the Sultan Ismail-Ampang route . In the future , it will be integrated with the upcoming MRT Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics held in London , England , 26 athletics events were contested , all for men only . A total of 79 medals ( 27 gold , 27 silver , 25 bronze ) were awarded . Each nation was allowed to enter up to 12 competitors in most of the events . In the team races ( the medley relay and the 3 mile team race ) , each nation entered one team . The medley relay was run by four athletes , with four alternates allowed . In the 3 mile team race , five athletes from each nation ran with only three counting . The competition was restricted to amateurs , and was held under the rules of the British Amateur Athletic Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asante_Kotoko", "text": "Asante Kotoko Sporting Club , also known as Asante Kotoko , is a professional football club from Kumasi , Ashanti Region in Ghana West Africa . Their home grounds is based at Baba Yara Stadium in Amakom , Kumasi . They compete in the Ghanaian Premier League . They have been champions of the Ghana Premier League a record 24 times , have won the CAF Champions League twice and were adjudged the African club of the century by International Football Federation of History and Statistics . They are also called the Porcupine Warriors . The International Federation of Football History and Statistics ranked Asante Kotoko the African club of the 20th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erin_McLeod", "text": "Erin Katrina McLeod ( born February 26 , 1983 ) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for NWSL club Orlando Pride and has represented Canada internationally . She first appeared for the Canada women 's national soccer team at the 2002 Algarve Cup and has since made 118 appearances for the team . In 2012 , as part of the Canadian Soccer Association 's Centennial Celebration , she was honoured on the All-Time Canada XI women 's team . McLeod has represented Canada in three FIFA Women 's World Cups : 2007 in China , 2011 in Germany and 2015 in Canada . She has played in two Olympic tournaments : 2008 in Beijing and 2012 in London where she helped Canada win the bronze medal . Before joining FC Rosengård in 2015 , she played professional soccer for the Vancouver Whitecaps , Washington Freedom , Dalsjöfors GoIF , Chicago Red Stars , and Houston Dash . She played collegiate soccer for the Southern Methodist University Mustangs as well as the Penn State Nittany Lions where she set several all-time records . McLeod 's most notable and controversial appearance came during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . In the semi-final match against the United States on August 6 , the referee ruled that McLeod had broken the six-second handling rule in the 76th minute , when Canada was leading 3-2 . A free kick was given to the United States which resulted in a penalty being called on Canadian player Marie-Ève Nault after the ball struck her in the arm . The United States was given a penalty kick , which McLeod did not save . The United States ultimately won the game in overtime , eliminating Canada 's chance for the gold medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_FITA_Archery_World_Cup", "text": "The 2013 Archery World Cup was the eighth edition of the annual Archery World Cup , organised by the World Archery Federation . Four stages were held from May to August 2013 , in Shanghai , Antalya , Medellin and Wroclaw , in which archers in the recurve and compound disciplines acquired qualifying points based on their performance . The top mixed team and the top seven individual archers over the course of the four stages ( with no more than two from one nation ) joined the leading non-qualified host nation archer for the finals at the Fontaines du Trocadéro in Paris on 21-22 September . In recurve , South Korea was the most successful nation , with Olympic champion Oh Jin-Hyek and Yun Ok-Hee winning both the individual and the team competition . The compound competition saw Martin Damsbo and newcomer Alejandra Usquiano win the individual competitions , and hosts France win the mixed team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petra_Němcová", "text": "Petra Němcová ( Czech pronunciation : [ ˈpɛtra ˈɲɛmtsovaː ] ; born 24 June 1979 ) is a Czech model , television host and philanthropist who founded the Happy Hearts Fund . In 2017 , the Happy Hearts Fund merged with All Hands Volunteers to create All Hands And Hearts - Smart Response , with Němcová assuming the role of co-founder and vice chair ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Underneath_It_All", "text": "Underneath It All is a song by the American ska band No Doubt from their fourth studio album Rock Steady ( 2001 ) . It was written by the band 's lead singer Gwen Stefani and David Stewart . The song features a reggae production from Sly and Robbie and guest vocals from Lady Saw . The song received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics . Underneath It All was released as the album 's third single in mid-2002 . It became No Doubt 's highest-charting US single , but was less successful elsewhere . The song won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 46th Grammy Awards . The song was featured in the 2004 film 50 First Dates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Caetano_do_Sul", "text": "São Caetano do Sul ( or São Caetano ) is a city in São Paulo state in Brazil . It is part of the Metropolitan Region of São Paulo . The population is 158,024 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 15.33 km2 . It is the city with the highest per capita income in Brazil ( US $ 31,322.00 in 2010 ) and it also has the highest Human Development Index . It is intensely conurbated with São Paulo , Santo André and São Bernardo do Campo , causing the physical limits between cities to be lost . São Caetano do Sul , together with Ferraz de Vasconcelos , is one of two cities in the state of São Paulo that are not crossed by any state or federal highway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windbreak", "text": "A windbreak ( shelterbelt ) is a planting usually made up of one or more rows of trees or shrubs planted in such a manner as to provide shelter from the wind and to protect soil from erosion . They are commonly planted in hedgerows around the edges of fields on farms . If designed properly , windbreaks around a home can reduce the cost of heating and cooling and save energy . Windbreaks are also planted to help keep snow from drifting onto roadways or yards . Farmers sometimes use windbreaks to keep snow drifts on farm land that will provide water when the snow melts in the spring . Other benefits include contributing to a microclimate around crops ( with slightly less drying and chilling at night ) , providing habitat for wildlife , and , in some regions , providing wood if the trees are harvested . Windbreaks and intercropping can be combined in a farming practice referred to as alleycropping . Fields are planted in rows of different crops surrounded by rows of trees . These trees provide fruit , wood , or protect the crops from the wind . Alley cropping has been particularly successful in India , Africa , and Brazil , where coffee growers have combined farming and forestry . A further use for a shelterbelt is to screen a farm from a main road or motorway . This improves the farm landscape by reducing the visual incursion of the motorway , mitigating noise from the traffic and providing a safe barrier between farm animals and the road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_Keitany", "text": "Mary Jepkosgei Keitany ( born 18 January 1982 ) is a Kenyan long distance runner . She is the world record holder in a women-only marathon , having won the 2017 London Marathon in a time of 2:17:01 . As of November 2019 , she sits third all-time at both the marathon and half marathon . Her former half marathon best of 1:05:50 ( 2011 ) lived three years as the women 's world record . She also has held the world record at 10 miles ( 50:05 minutes ) , 20 kilometres ( 1:02:36 ) , and 25 kilometres ( 1:19:53 ) , all of which were set in road races . In August 2018 she was honored by the Shoe4Africa foundation who funded and built the Mary Keitany Shoe4Africa school in Torokwonin , Baringo County , Kenya . She and her husband Charles sit on the Shoe4Africa school board ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thai_script", "text": "The Thai script ( Thai : อักษรไทย ; RTGS : akson thai ) is the abugida used to write Thai , Southern Thai and many other languages spoken in Thailand . The Thai alphabet itself ( as used to write Thai ) has 44 consonant symbols ( Thai : พยัญชนะ , phayanchana ) , 16 vowel symbols ( Thai : สระ , sara ) that combine into at least 32 vowel forms , and four tone diacritics ( Thai : วรรณยุกต์ or วรรณยุต , wannayuk or wannayut ) to create characters mostly representing syllables . Although commonly referred to as the Thai alphabet , the script is in fact not a true alphabet but an abugida , a writing system in which the full characters represent consonants with diacritical marks for vowels ; the absence of a vowel diacritic gives an implied ' a ' or ' o ' . Consonants are written horizontally from left to right , with vowels arranged above , below , to the left , or to the right of the corresponding consonant , or in a combination of positions . Thai has its own set of Thai numerals that are based on the Hindu-Arabic numeral system ( Thai : เลขไทย , lek thai ) , but the standard western Hindu-Arabic numerals ( Thai : เลขฮินดูอารบิก , lek hindu arabik ) are mainly used except for government documents and the license plates of military vehicles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nellie_Connally", "text": "Idanell Nellie Brill Connally ( February 24 , 1919 - September 1 , 2006 ) was the First Lady of Texas from 1963 to 1969 . She was the wife of John Connally , who served as Governor of Texas and later as Secretary of the Treasury . She and her husband were passengers in the Presidential limousine carrying United States President John F. Kennedy when he was assassinated in Dallas , Texas on November 22 , 1963 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hello_Seahorse!", "text": "Hello Seahorse ! is a Mexican alternative rock band formed in 2005 in Mexico City . The band gained quick recognition as one of the leading acts in Mexican rock alternativo y indie , placing their first commercial single Bestia on regular radio airplay by November 2008 . Early releases such as the EP Hoy a las Ocho featured lyrics in both English and Spanish , though latest tracks are solely in the latter ; these however deal about nonsense or surrealistic themes . The band 's second album Bestia was released on May 19 , 2009 . The track Bestia from that album won the song of the year award at Mexico 's 2009 Indie-O Music Awards ceremony . At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards Latinoamérica , they were nominated for and won the La Zona award . Also in 2009 , they were nominated for best alternative song at the Latin Grammy Awards , but they lost to Calle 13 , and the next year they were nominated in the same category with the song Criminal . Hello Seahorse ! has shared stage with bands such as Beastie Boys , Jarvis Cocker , Clinic and The Killers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson,_Mississippi", "text": "Jackson , officially the City of Jackson , is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Mississippi . It is one of two county seats of Hinds County , along with Raymond , Mississippi . The city of Jackson also includes around 3,000 acres comprising Jackson-Medgar Evers International Airport in Rankin County and a small portion of Madison County . The city 's population was estimated to be 165,072 in 2017 , a decline from 173,514 in 2010 . The city sits on the Pearl River and is located in the greater Jackson Prairie region of Mississippi . Founded in 1821 as the site for a new state capital , the city is named after General Andrew Jackson , who was honored for his role in the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812 and would later serve as U.S. president . Following the nearby Battle of Vicksburg in 1863 during the American Civil War , Union forces under the command of General William Tecumseh Sherman began the Siege of Jackson and the city was subsequently burned . During the 1920s , Jackson surpassed Meridian to become the most populous city in the state following a speculative natural gas boom in the region . The current slogan for the city is The City with Soul . It has had numerous musicians prominent in blues , gospel , folk , and jazz . Jackson is the anchor for the Jackson , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is the state 's largest metropolitan area with a 2016 population of 579,332 , about one-fifth of Mississippi 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dietrich_Bonhoeffer", "text": "Dietrich Bonhoeffer ( German : [ ˈdiːtʁɪç ˈboːnhœfɐ ] ; 4 February 1906 - 9 April 1945 ) was a German pastor , theologian , anti-Nazi dissident , and key founding member of the Confessing Church . His writings on Christianity 's role in the secular world have become widely influential , and his book The Cost of Discipleship has been described as a modern classic . Apart from his theological writings , Bonhoeffer was known for his staunch resistance to Nazi dictatorship , including vocal opposition to Hitler 's euthanasia program and genocidal persecution of the Jews . He was arrested in April 1943 by the Gestapo and imprisoned at Tegel prison for one and a half years . Later , he was transferred to Flossenbürg concentration camp . After being accused of being associated with the July 20 plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler , he was quickly tried , along with other accused plotters , including former members of the Abwehr ( the German Military Intelligence Office ) , and then hanged on 9 April 1945 as the Nazi regime was collapsing . 21 days later Adolf Hitler committed suicide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhodes_College", "text": "Rhodes College is a private liberal arts college in Memphis , Tennessee . Historically affiliated with the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) , it is a member of the Associated Colleges of the South and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . Rhodes enrolls approximately 2,000 students , and its Collegiate Gothic campus sits on a 123-acre wooded site in Memphis ' historic midtown neighborhood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sony_Sugar_F.C.", "text": "SoNy Sugar Football Club is an association football club based in Awendo , Kenya . It currently competes in the Kenyan Premier League , the top tier of the Kenyan football league system , and plays its home games at the Sony Green Stadium . In the 2005-06 season , the club clinched its first league title with a record that included over 20 wins . The sugar millers were led to their first premier league trophy by head coach Francis Baraza who had just taken over from Peter Otieno 'Bassanga ' . Most of the players were casual workers at the sugar milling factory . Some of the players who played a key role in the title winning season are Zak ( GK ) , Ayoo ( DEF ) , Noah Abich ( DEF ) , Fred Ajwang ( MF ) , Marwa Chamberi ( ST ) , Jockins Atudo ( DEF ) , Victor Ali Abondo ( MF ) , Neto ( MF ) , Chimbuzi ( DEF ) , Onkangi ( ST ) , Zakayo , Sylvester Wanyama DEF , Emmanuel Geno , Salim Babu ( MF ) , Tom AKA Tosh , Oduor Alfred , Adan , Willis AKA Awilo , Dennis Chweya , Waweru , Imbusi and Zachary Onyango . Formed in 1982 , the club is owned by South Nyanza Sugar Company and earned promotion to the Kenyan Premier League in 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Triathlon", "text": "A triathlon is a multisport race with three continuous and sequential endurance races . The word is of Greek origin , from τρεῖς or treis ( three ) and ἆθλος or athlos ( competition ) . While variations of the sport exist , the most common form includes swimming , cycling , and running over various distances . Triathletes compete for fastest overall course completion , including timed transitions between the three races . A transition area is set up where the athletes change gear for different segments of the race . This is where the switches from swimming to cycling and cycling to running occur . These areas are used to store bicycles , performance apparel , and any other accessories needed for the next stage of the race . The transition from swim to bike is referred to as T1 and that between the bike and run is referred to as T2 . The athlete 's overall time for the race includes time spent in T1 and T2 . Transition areas vary in size depending on the number of participants expected . In addition , these areas provide a social headquarters before the race . The nature of the sport focuses on persistent and often periodized training in each of the three disciplines , as well as combination workouts and general strength conditioning ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dogsthorpe,_Peterborough", "text": "Dogsthorpe is a residential area and electoral ward of the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom . The population of the ward at the 2011 Census was 9,620 . Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service maintain a fire station , crewed day and night and equipped with Water Tender , Rescue Vehicle and Aerial Platform , on Dogsthorpe Road . Dogsthorpe County Infant and Junior and All Saints Church of England ( Voluntary Aided ) Junior schools are located in the area ; following the closure of John Mansfield School in July 2007 , secondary pupils attend the Thomas Deacon Academy which opened in September 2007 . Marshfields , a special school for pupils aged 10-19 with moderate learning difficulties , is also located here ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orange–Fish_River_Tunnel", "text": "The Orange-Fish Tunnel is an irrigation tunnel in central South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westbury_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Westbury was a parliamentary constituency in Wiltshire from 1449 to 2010 . It was represented in the House of Commons of England until 1707 , and then in the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 , and finally in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 until 2010 . Until 1885 , it was a parliamentary borough , returning two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) until 1832 and only one from 1832 to 1885 . The parliamentary borough was abolished in 1885 , when the name was transferred to a county constituency returning one MP . Elections used the bloc vote system when two MPs were returned , and the first-past-the-post system of election when one seat was contested . Westbury returned a Conservative Member at every election after 1924 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frölunda_HC", "text": "Frölunda Hockey Club , also known as the Frölunda Indians , is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Gothenburg . They play in the highest Swedish league , Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ; formerly Elitserien ) , where they have played the majority of the seasons during the club 's existence . The last time they played in the lower division , Allsvenskan , was in 1995 . Frölunda have won the national championship title five times , in 1965 , 2003 , 2005 , 2016 and 2019 . The club was founded on 3 February 1938 , as an ice hockey section in Västra Frölunda IF and became independent on 29 March 1984 . Prior to the 1995/1996 season , the nickname Indians was adopted . This referring to the successful years of the 1960s , when fans started to call them the Wild West ( Västra Frölunda is West Frölunda in English ) . But as they did n't want a nickname like cowboys or something with firearms , Indians became the obvious choice . On 16 June 2004 , the club shortened the name from Västra Frölunda Hockey Club to Frölunda Hockey Club . Frölunda 's home venue is the Scandinavium arena in central Gothenburg , which has a capacity of 12,044 people . Frölundaborg is used when Scandinavium is occupied with other events . Frölunda 's average home attendance has been the highest in the league for over a decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeevana_Chaitra", "text": "Jeevana Chaitra ( English : Life History ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by the duo Dorai - Bhagavan starring Rajkumar and Madhavi in lead roles . It marked the re-entry of Rajkumar in films after a hiatus of 3 years and was an instant hit . The film is based on a Kannada novel Vyapthi Prapthi written by Vishalakshi Dakshinamurthy and was earlier named as Simhadriya Simha . The film re-affirmed the hold Rajkumar had on Kannada audiences.The film was highly successful at the box office.The movie saw a theatrical run of 52 weeks . The characterization of Rani Mukerji 's role in Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham was based on the role played by Sudharani in this movie . For the song Naadamaya , Rajkumar won the National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer at the 40th National Film Awards . The film won four awards at the 1992-93 Karnataka State Film Awards ; First Best Film , Best Actor ( Rajkumar ) , Best Music Director ( Upendra Kumar ) and Best Dialogue Writer ( Chi . Udaya Shankar ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_C._Yount", "text": "George Calvert Yount ( May 4 , 1794 - October 5 , 1865 ) was a trapper in William Wolfskill 's party from New Mexico and came to California in 1831 . He was the first Euro-American permanent settler in the Napa Valley , where he was the grantee of two Mexican land grants . Yountville , California is named for him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pat_Light", "text": "Patrick James Light ( born March 29 , 1991 ) is American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Boston Red Sox and Minnesota Twins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pasir_Gudang_Corporation_Stadium", "text": "The Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Perbadanan Pasir Gudang ) is a multi-use stadium in Pasir Gudang , Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia . It has both an indoor stadium and an outdoor stadium within its compound . The outdoor stadium can hold a maximum of 15,000 people and is currently used mostly for football matches , serving as the home stadium to Johor Darul Ta'zim II F.C . in the Malaysia Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ploning", "text": "Ploning is a 2008 Philippine romantic family drama film based on a popular Cuyonon song of the same title about a girl 's hidden feelings . It starred actress Judy Ann Santos and was directed by Dante Nico Garcia , who won Best Director at the 2008 Asian Festival of First Films . Filming was done in the municipality of Cuyo in Palawan , Garcia 's hometown . The film was the official entry of the Philippines for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indrajeet", "text": "Indrajeet is a 1991 Bollywood film directed by K. V. Raju . The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Jayaprada in lead roles , with Kumar Gaurav , Neelam Kothari , Kader Khan and Sadashiv Amrapurkar in supporting roles . The film was a remake of director 's own Kannada film Bandha Muktha ( 1987 ) starring Tiger Prabhakar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Electron_diffraction", "text": "Electron diffraction refers to the wave nature of electrons . However , from a technical or practical point of view , it may be regarded as a technique used to study matter by firing electrons at a sample and observing the resulting interference pattern . This phenomenon is commonly known as wave-particle duality , which states that a particle of matter ( in this case the incident electron ) can be described as a wave . For this reason , an electron can be regarded as a wave much like sound or water waves . This technique is similar to X-ray and neutron diffraction . Electron diffraction is most frequently used in solid state physics and chemistry to study the crystal structure of solids . Experiments are usually performed in a transmission electron microscope ( TEM ) , or a scanning electron microscope ( SEM ) as electron backscatter diffraction . In these instruments , electrons are accelerated by an electrostatic potential in order to gain the desired energy and determine their wavelength before they interact with the sample to be studied . The periodic structure of a crystalline solid acts as a diffraction grating , scattering the electrons in a predictable manner . Working back from the observed diffraction pattern , it may be possible to deduce the structure of the crystal producing the diffraction pattern . However , the technique is limited by phase problem . Apart from the study of periodically perfect crystals , i.e ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Java", "text": "Central Java ( Indonesian : Jawa Tengah ) is a province of Indonesia , located in the middle of the island of Java . Its administrative capital is Semarang . It is bordered by West Java in the west , the Indian Ocean and the Special Region of Yogyakarta in the south , East Java in the east , and the Java Sea in the north . It has a total area of 32,548 km² , with a population of 34,552,500 million in mid 2019 , making it the third-most populous province in both Java and Indonesia after West Java and East Java . The province also includes the island of Nusakambangan in the south ( close to the border of West Java ) , and the Karimun Jawa Islands in the Java Sea . Central Java is also a cultural concept that includes the Special Region and city of Yogyakarta . However , administratively the city and its surrounding regencies have formed a separate special region ( equivalent to a province ) since the country 's independence , and is administrated separately . Although known as the heart of Javanese culture , there are several other non-Javanese ethnic groups , such as the Sundanese on the border with West Java . Chinese Indonesians , Arab Indonesians , and Indian Indonesians are also scattered throughout the province . The province has been inhabited by humans since the prehistoric-era . Remains of a Homo erectus , known as Java Man , were found along the banks of the Bengawan Solo River , and date back to 1.7 million years ago . What is present-day Central Java was once under the control of several Hindu-Buddhist kingdoms , Islamic sultanates , and the Dutch East Indies colonial government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khadoor_Sahib_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Khadoor Sahib Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 13 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies of Punjab state in northern India . This new constituency came into existence as a part of the implementation of delimitation of parliamentary and assembly constituencies in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kairat_Ashirbekov", "text": "Kairat Ashirbekov ( Kazakh : Қайрат Әшірбеков ) is a Kazakhstani footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Ordabasy . His national team debut was on 7 July 2006 against Tajikistan in a friendly match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2017 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 24 to 28 . The top eight regular season finishers of the league 's eleven teams , regardless of division , meet in the double-elimination tournament to be held at Sprenger Stadium in Avon , Ohio . Ohio won the tournament and earned the conference 's automatic bid to the 2017 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classic_(snooker)", "text": "The Classic was a professional snooker tournament , which began in 1980 and ended in 1992 . It was originally a non-ranking event , but became ranking in 1984 . Steve Davis won the event six times and was the last champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reading_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Reading was a parliamentary borough , and later a borough constituency , represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It comprised the town of Reading in the county of Berkshire . From 1295 , as a parliamentary borough , Reading elected two members of parliament ( MPs ) . Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , this representation was reduced to a single MP . The constituency was abolished in 1950 , re-created in 1955 , and finally abolished in 1974 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windjammer_(1958_film)", "text": "Windjammer is a 1958 documentary film that recorded a 17,500-nautical-mile ( 32,400 km ) voyage of the Norwegian sail training ship Christian Radich . Windjammer was produced by Louis de Rochemont and directed by Louis de Rochemont III . It was the only film to be shot in the widescreen Cinemiracle process , which came with a seven-track stereophonic soundtrack ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sadie_McMahon", "text": "John Joseph Sadie McMahon ( September 19 , 1867 - February 20 , 1954 ) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1889 to 1897 . McMahon played for the Philadelphia Athletics , Baltimore Orioles , and the Brooklyn Bridegrooms . McMahon was born in Wilmington , Delaware and grew up in the Henry Clay Village area . In 1954 , McMahon died and was buried in St. Joseph on the Brandywine Church Cemetery in Wilmington . He was inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame in 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sharbinee_Allawee", "text": "Mohd Sharbinee Allawee bin Ramli ( born 7 December 1986 ) is a Malaysian footballer who last plays as a goalkeeper for Kuala Lumpur ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bristol_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Bristol was a two-member constituency , used to elect members to the House of Commons in the Parliaments of England ( to 1707 ) , Great Britain ( 1707-1800 ) and the United Kingdom ( from 1801 ) . The constituency existed until Bristol was divided into single member constituencies in 1885 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berrylands_railway_station", "text": "Berrylands railway station is a National Rail station in the borough of Kingston upon Thames , London . It is 10 miles 78 chains ( 17.7 km ) south-west of London Waterloo and is situated between New Malden and Surbiton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Minnesota_Vikings_season", "text": "The 1963 season was the Minnesota Vikings ' third in the National Football League . Under head coach Norm Van Brocklin , the team finished with a 5-8-1 record . Five wins in a season represented the most in the franchise 's three-year history . 22-year-old Paul Flatley of Northwestern University was named the NFL 's Rookie of the Year , a first for the fledgling franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taishō_period", "text": "Taishō era ( 大正 , Taishō ) is a period in the history of Japan dating from 30 July 1912 to 25 December 1926 , coinciding with the reign of the Emperor Taishō . The new emperor was a sickly man , which prompted the shift in political power from the old oligarchic group of elder statesmen ( or genrō ) to the Imperial Diet of Japan and the democratic parties . Thus , the era is considered the time of the liberal movement known as the Taishō democracy in Japan ; it is usually distinguished from the preceding chaotic Meiji period and the following militaristic-driven first part of the Shōwa period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latinoamérica_(song)", "text": "Latinoamérica is a song by Puerto Rican alternative hip hop band Calle 13 , released September 27 , 2011 , as the fifth single from their fourth studio album , Entren Los Que Quieran ( 2010 ) . It was written and produced by Rafael Arcaute and Calle 13 , and features additional vocals from other Latinoamerican recording artists ; Peruvian Susana Baca , Colombian Totó la Momposina and Brazilian Maria Rita . The song won Record of the Year and Song of the Year in the Latin Grammy Awards of 2011 . The song is important in that it touches on many underlying historical , social , and political themes present throughout Latin America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rey_de_Reyes_(2012)", "text": "Rey de Reyes ( Spanish for King of Kings ) was a professional wrestling event produced by the AAA promotion , which took place on March 18 , 2012 , at Auditorio Benito Juárez in Zapopan , Jalisco , Mexico . The event was the 16th event produced under the Rey de Reyes name and also the 16th time that the Rey de Reyes tournament was held ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Einar_Karlsson", "text": "Einar Karlsson ( 1 September 1908 - 17 February 1980 ) was a Swedish wrestler . He competed at the 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics and won two bronze medals : in the freestyle featherweight in 1932 and in the Greco-Roman featherweight in 1936 . He also won seven national titles and three medals at the European championships of 1933-1937 , all in Greco-Roman events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blaine_Wilson", "text": "Blaine Carew Wilson ( born August 3 , 1974 ) is a retired American gymnast . He is a five-time U.S. national champion ( 1996-2000 ) , a three-time Olympian ( 1996 , 2000 , 2004 ) , and an Olympic silver medalist in the team competition at the 2004 Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1952", "text": "Miss World 1952 , the second edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 14 November 1952 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . 11 contestants competed for the crown . Kiki Håkansson of Sweden crowned her successor May-Louise Flodin of Sweden . It was the first back to back victories in Miss World . During this crowning moment , Flodin awarded a trophy and a bouquet . There are no official crown and sash during this time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Water,_Water_Every_Hare", "text": "Water , Water Every Hare is a Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1952 featuring Bugs Bunny and Gossamer , with a similar premise to Hair-Raising Hare . The title is a pun on the line Water , water , everywhere / Nor any drop to drink from the poem The Rime of the Ancient Mariner , by Samuel Taylor Coleridge . The cartoon is available on Disc 1 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection : Volume 1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roanoke_Dazzle", "text": "The Roanoke Dazzle were an NBA Development League team based in Roanoke , Virginia , U.S . In operation from the inaugural D-League season of 2001-02 through the 2005-06 season , the Dazzle marked the return of professional basketball to Roanoke since the Virginia Squires called Roanoke home in the 1970s . Playing their home games at the Roanoke Civic Center , their logo design featured a star moving on rail tracks around a basketball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_IAAF_World_Indoor_Championships_–_Men's_long_jump", "text": "The men 's long jump at the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Championships took place on March 20 , 2016 . The first round leader was Rushwal Samaai with an 8.14 . He improved that on his second jump to a National Record equalling 8.18 . Still in the same round , Americans Marquis Dendy and Jeff Henderson improved to the top two places , Dendy with a and Henderson edging into second with an 8.19 . Neither improved after that . In the third round , Fabrice Lapierre jumped a continental record 8.25 to break up the duo , his 8.25 just 1 cm behind Dendy . Huang Changzhou also equalled Henderson with a personal best 8.19 , but Henderson held the tiebreaker . Over the next two round , Henderson improved his tiebreaker advantage but could not improve his best . On his final jump , Huang improved his personal best again to 8.21 to take the bronze medal . The top 5 competitors were only separated by 8 cm . So close was the competition , minus their best jumps , Dendy would have finished in 5th position and Lapierre 11th , not even making the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wong_Choong_Hann", "text": "Wong Choong Hann AMN ( simplified Chinese : 黄综翰 ; traditional Chinese : 黃綜翰 ; pinyin : Huáng Zònghàn ; born 17 February 1977 ) is a former World No.1 professional badminton player from Malaysia . He is the first Malaysian to win a medal in the men 's singles event at the BWF World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Serbia", "text": "Serbia ( Serbian : Србија , romanized : Srbija , pronounced [ sř̩bija ] ) , [ note 1 ] officially the Republic of Serbia ( Serbian : Република Србија , romanized : Republika Srbija , pronounced [ repǔblika sř̩bija ] ) , is a land-locked country situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe in the southern Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans . It borders Hungary to the north , Romania to the northeast , Bulgaria to the southeast , North Macedonia to the south , Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina to the west , and Montenegro to the southwest . The country claims a border with Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo . [ a ] Serbia 's population numbers approximately seven million . Its capital , Belgrade , ranks among the largest citiеs in southeastern Europe . Inhabited since the Paleolithic Age , the territory of modern-day Serbia faced Slavic migrations to Southeastern Europe in the 6th century , establishing several regional states in the early Middle Ages at times recognised as tributaries to the Byzantine , Frankish and Hungarian kingdoms . The Serbian Kingdom obtained recognition by the Holy See and Constantinople in 1217 , reaching its territorial apex in 1346 as the relatively short-lived Serbian Empire . By the mid-16th century , the Ottomans annexed the entirety of modern-day Serbia ; their rule was at times interrupted by the Habsburg Empire , which began expanding towards Central Serbia from the end of the 17th century while maintaining a foothold in Vojvodina . In the early 19th century , the Serbian Revolution established the nation-state as the region 's first constitutional monarchy , which subsequently expanded its territory . Following disastrous casualties in World War I , and the subsequent unification of the former Habsburg crownland of Vojvodina ( and other lands ) with Serbia , the country co-founded Yugoslavia with other South Slavic peoples , which would exist in various political formations until the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s . During the breakup of Yugoslavia , Serbia formed a union with Montenegro , which was peacefully dissolved in 2006 and restoring Serbia 's independence as a sovereign state for the first time since the late 1910s . In 2008 , the parliament of the province of Kosovo unilaterally declared independence , with mixed responses from the international community ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tracy_Arm", "text": "Tracy Arm is a fjord in Alaska near Juneau ( outlet at 57° 46 ' 40 N 133° 37 ' 0 W ) . It is named after the Secretary of the Navy Benjamin Franklin Tracy . It is located about 45 miles ( 72 km ) south of Juneau and 70 miles ( 110 km ) north of Petersburg , Alaska , off of Holkham Bay and adjacent to Stephens Passage within the Tongass National Forest . Tracy Arm is the heart of the Tracy Arm-Fords Terror Wilderness , designated by the United States Congress in 1990 Tracy Arm-Fords Terror Wilderness contains 653,179 acres ( 2,643.32 km2 ) and consists of two deep and narrow fjords : Tracy Arm and Endicott Arm . Both fjords are over 30 miles ( 48 km ) long and one-fifth of their area is covered in ice . During the summer , the fjords have considerable floating ice ranging from hand-sized to pieces as large as a three-story building . During the most recent glaciated period , both fjords were filled with active glaciers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brussels_sprouts", "text": "The Brussels sprout is a member of the Gemmifera Group of cabbages ( Brassica oleracea ) , grown for its edible buds . The leaf vegetables are typically 1.5-4.0 cm ( 0.6-1.6 in ) in diameter and look like miniature cabbages . The Brussels sprout has long been popular in Brussels , Belgium , and may have gained its name there ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milwaukee_Braves", "text": "The Atlanta Braves are an American professional baseball team based in the Atlanta metropolitan area . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . The team played its home games at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium from 1966 to 1996 , and at Turner Field from 1997 to 2016 . Since 2017 , their home stadium has been Truist Park ( formerly SunTrust Park ) , located 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of downtown Atlanta in Cobb County , Georgia . The Braves play spring training games at CoolToday Park in North Port , Florida . The name Braves , which was first used in 1912 , originates from a term for a Native American warrior . They are nicknamed the Bravos , and often referred to as America 's Team in reference to the team 's games being broadcast on the nationally available TBS from the 1970s until 2007 , giving the team a nationwide fan base . From 1991 to 2005 , the Braves were one of the most successful teams in baseball , winning division titles an unprecedented 14 consecutive times ( omitting the strike-shortened 1994 season in which there were no official division champions ) , and producing one of the greatest pitching rotations in the history of baseball . Most notably , this rotation consisted of pitchers Greg Maddux , John Smoltz , and Tom Glavine . Pitcher Steve Avery also was a significant contributor to the rotation during the period of 1991-1993 . The Braves won the National League West division from 1991 to 1993 , and after divisional realignment , the National League East division from 1995 to 2005 . They returned to the playoffs as the National League Wild Card in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anders_Gärderud", "text": "Sven Anders Gärderud ( born 28 August 1946 ) is a Swedish former track and field athlete , winner of the 3000 m steeplechase event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal . Gärderud experimented with several events before rising to athletic greatness in the 3000 m steeplechase . His first major competition were the 1968 Summer Olympics , where he was eliminated in the heats of 800 m and 1500 m. In the following years , Gärderud concentrated only on the 3000 m steeplechase , and was already a main favourite at the 1972 Summer Olympics , but , suffering from a cold , he was eliminated in his heat . Gärderud was also eliminated in the heats of the 5000 m at the Olympics , but only seven days later , he set a new 3000 m steeplechase world record of 8:20.8 . At the 1974 European Championships in Rome , Gärderud was narrowly beaten by Bronisław Malinowski of Poland , but managed to break the 3000 m steeplechase world record twice in 1975 . At first he ran 8:10.4 and only six days later 8:09.8 minutes . The culmination of Gärderud 's career was at the 1976 Summer Olympics , where after a stirring contest with Malinowski and Frank Baumgartl , Gärderud won the gold medal in a new world record of 8:08.02 . His stirring victory in that event would earn him a share of the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal with cyclist Bernt Johansson . Gärderud was born to an orienteering competitor , and was an accomplished orienteer himself , winning the team event at the 1977 Swedish Championships . He initially trained in orienteering and changed to athletics by chance - he was banned from running in the woods in autumn 1961 due to a jaundice epidemic and wondered into an athletic hall . After retiring from competitions Gärderud worked as a TV commentator of athletics events and as the head coach of the Swedish athletics team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Haiti", "text": "Haiti ( /ˈheɪti/ ( listen ) ; French : Haïti [ a.iti ] ; Haitian Creole : Ayiti [ ajiti ] ) , officially the Republic of Haiti ( French : République d'Haïti ; Haitian Creole : Repiblik D Ayiti ) and formerly called Hayti , [ note 1 ] is a country located on the island of Hispaniola in the Greater Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean Sea , to the east of Cuba and Jamaica and south of The Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands . It occupies the western three-eighths of the island which it shares with the Dominican Republic . To its south-west lies the small island of Navassa Island , which is claimed by Haiti but is disputed as a United States territory under federal administration . Haiti is 27,750 square kilometers ( 10,714 sq mi ) in size and has an estimated population of 11.1 million , making it the most populous country in the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the second-most populous country in the Caribbean after Cuba . The island was originally inhabited by the indigenous Taíno people , who migrated from South America . The first Europeans arrived on 5 December 1492 during the first voyage of Christopher Columbus , who initially believed he had found India or China . Columbus subsequently founded the first European settlement in the Americas , La Navidad , on what is now the northeastern coast of Haiti . The island was claimed by Spain and named La Española , forming part of the Spanish Empire until the early 17th century . However , competing claims and settlements by the French led to the western portion of the island being ceded to France in 1697 , which was subsequently named Saint-Domingue . French colonists established lucrative sugarcane plantations , worked by vast numbers of slaves brought from Africa , which made the colony one of the richest in the world . In the midst of the French Revolution ( 1789-99 ) , slaves and free people of color launched the Haitian Revolution ( 1791-1804 ) , led by a former slave and the first black general of the French Army , Toussaint Louverture . After 12 years of conflict , Napoleon Bonaparte 's forces were defeated by Louverture 's successor , Jean-Jacques Dessalines ( later Emperor Jacques I ) , who declared Haiti 's sovereignty on 1 January 1804 - the first independent nation of Latin America and the Caribbean , the second republic in the Americas , the first country to abolish slavery , and the only state in history established by a successful slave revolt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Son_Ngoc_Minh", "text": "Son Ngoc Minh ( Khmer : សឺន ង៉ុកមិញ , Vietnamese : Sơn Ngọc Minh ) ( 1920-1972 ) , also known as Achar Mean ( អាចារ្យមាន ) , was a Cambodian communist politician whose first notable career achievement was in 1950 when he was appointed the head of provisional revolutionary government of the United Issarak Front organized at Hong Dan . Among his Vietnamese friends , he was known as Phạm Văn Hua ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercedes-AMG_GT", "text": "The Mercedes-AMG GT ( C190 / R190 ) is a sports car produced in coupé and roadster bodystyles by German automobile manufacturer Mercedes-AMG . The car was introduced on 9 September 2014 ( 2014-09-09 ) and was officially unveiled to the public in October 2014 at the Paris Motor Show . After the SLS AMG , it is the second sports car developed entirely in-house by Mercedes-AMG . Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton assisted with the development . The Mercedes-AMG GT went on sale in two variants ( GT and GT S ) in March 2015 , while a GT3 racing variant of the car was introduced in 2015 . A high performance variant called the GT R was introduced in 2016 . A GT4 racing variant , targeted at semi-professional drivers and based on the GT R variant , was introduced in 2017 . All variants are assembled at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Sindelfingen , Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Outfielder", "text": "An outfielder is a person playing in one of the three defensive positions in baseball or softball , farthest from the batter . These defenders are the left fielder , the center fielder , and the right fielder . As an outfielder , their duty is to catch fly balls and/ ground balls then to return them to the infield for the out or before the runner advances , if there is any runners on the bases . As an outfielder , they normally play behind the six players located in the field . By convention , each of the nine defensive positions in baseball is numbered . The outfield positions are 7 ( left field ) , 8 ( center field ) and 9 ( right field ) . These numbers are shorthand designations useful in baseball scorekeeping and are not necessarily the same as the squad numbers worn on player uniforms . Outfielders named to the MLB All-Century Team are Hank Aaron , Ty Cobb , Joe DiMaggio , Mickey Mantle , Willie Mays , Stan Musial , Pete Rose , Babe Ruth , Ted Williams and Ken Griffey Jr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1883_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1883 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Congress_(1841)", "text": "USS Congress ( 1841 ) - the fourth United States Navy ship to carry that name - was a sailing frigate , like her predecessor , USS Congress ( 1799 ) . Congress served in the Mediterranean , South Atlantic Ocean , and in the Pacific Ocean . She continued to operate as an American warship until the American Civil War , when she was sunk by the ironclad CSS Virginia in battle of Newport News , Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ITV_Wales_&_West", "text": "ITV Wales and West , previously known as Harlech Television ( HTV ) , refers to the Independent Television franchise area until 31 December 2013 , licensed to a broadcaster by the regulator Ofcom . There is no channel , past or present , named ITV Wales and West . The licence relates to a 'dual region ' , meaning that the franchise area was divided into two regions , each of which had to be served by distinct and separate ITV programme services , as more fully defined within the licence . Today , those services are known as ITV Cymru Wales and ITV West Country ( since ITV West and ITV Westcountry merged into a single region ) . They are provided by ITV plc which owns and operates the two services through its subsidiary ITV Broadcasting Ltd. From January 2014 , the dual-region licence was split in two , with ITV Cymru Wales for Wales and ITV West Country covering the West of England . Both licences remain held by ITV Broadcasting Ltd and the legal names of the former HTV companies have not yet been changed again . The National Library of Wales archives now store 200,000 ITV ( HTV ) film and video items dating from 1958 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tekken:_The_Motion_Picture", "text": "Tekken : The Motion Picture ( 鉄拳 -TEKKEN- ) is an anime adaptation of the Tekken fighting video game series by Namco . Produced by ASCII Corporation and Sony Music Entertainment Japan and animated by Studio Deen , it was originally released in Japan as a two-episode OVA in 1998 , and as a full-length feature for Western releases . The film 's story is loosely based on the first game , where Kazuya is the main character and Heihachi is the Head of the Mishima Zaibatsu , and Tekken 2 , which features Jun and Lei 's investigation of the Zaibatsu 's illegal activities , although it also incorporates some elements from Tekken 3 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warren_Buffett", "text": "Warren Edward Buffett ( /ˈbʌfɪt/ ; born August 30 , 1930 ) is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist , who is the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway . He is considered one of the most successful investors in the world and has a net worth of US $ 88.9 billion as of December 2019 , making him the fourth-wealthiest person in the world . Buffett was born in Omaha , Nebraska . He developed an interest in business and investing in his youth , eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from the University of Nebraska at the age of 19 . He went on to graduate from Columbia Business School , where he molded his investment philosophy around the concept of value investing that was pioneered by Benjamin Graham . He attended New York Institute of Finance to focus his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships , including one with Graham . He created Buffett Partnership , Ltd in 1956 and his firm eventually acquired a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway , assuming its name to create a diversified holding company . In 1978 , Charlie Munger joined Buffett and became vice chairman of the company . Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970 . He has been referred to as the Oracle or Sage of Omaha by global media outlets . He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth . Research published at the University of Oxford characterizes Buffett 's investment methodology as falling within founder centrism - defined by a deference to managers with a founder 's mindset , an ethical disposition towards the shareholder collective , and an intense focus on exponential value creation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Riverside,_California", "text": "Riverside is a city in , and the county seat of , Riverside County , California , United States , located in the Inland Empire metropolitan area . It is named for its location beside the Santa Ana River . It is the most populous city in the Inland Empire and in Riverside County , and is located about 55 miles ( 89 km ) east of downtown Los Angeles . It is also part of the Greater Los Angeles area . Riverside is the 59th most populous city in the United States and 12th most populous city in California . As of the 2010 Census , Riverside had a population of 303,871 . Riverside was founded in the early 1870s . It is the birthplace of the California citrus industry and home of the Mission Inn , the largest Mission Revival Style building in the United States . It is also home to the Riverside National Cemetery . The University of California , Riverside , is located in the northeastern part of the city . The university also hosts the Riverside Sports Complex . Other attractions in Riverside include the Fox Performing Arts Center , Riverside Metropolitan Museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the California Museum of Photography , the California Citrus State Historic Park , and the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree , the last of the two original navel orange trees in California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_2003", "text": "The 38th Biathlon World Championships were held in 2003 in Khanty-Mansiysk , Russia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clearwater,_Florida", "text": "Clearwater is a city located in Pinellas County , Florida , United States , northwest of Tampa and St. Petersburg . To the west of Clearwater lies the Gulf of Mexico and to the southeast lies Tampa Bay . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 107,685 . Clearwater is the county seat of Pinellas County and is the smallest of the three principal cities in the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area , most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area . Cleveland Street is one of the city 's historic avenues , and the city includes Spectrum Field and Coachman Park . The city is separated by the Intracoastal Waterway from Clearwater Beach . Clearwater is the home of Clearwater Marine Aquarium , where bottlenose dolphins Winter and Hope live . The global headquarters of the Church of Scientology is located in Clearwater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anton_aus_Tirol", "text": "Anton aus Tirol is a song recorded by Austrian artist Anton featuring DJ Ötzi . It was released in 1999 as the lead single from the album , Das Album . It was originally written by Slovenian author Vili Petrič in 1972 . It reached number one in its native Austria where it stayed for ten weeks and in Germany where it stayed at the top of the German Singles Chart for one week . It also peaked at number 2 in Switzerland , Belgium and the Netherlands . The song was the debut single featuring DJ Ötzi and his first number one in Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Horwood", "text": "Great Horwood is a small village and is also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England with a population of about 1025 people ( 2001 Census ) . It is about five miles ESE of Buckingham , six miles WSW of Milton Keynes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_New_Hampshire_Democratic_primary", "text": "The 2008 New Hampshire Democratic primary on January 8 , 2008 was the first primary in the United States in 2008 . Its purpose was to determine the number of delegates from New Hampshire that would represent a certain candidate at the National Convention . In a primary , members of a political party - in this case , the Democratic Party - will select the candidates to a subsequent election . Since 1920 , New Hampshire has always hosted the first primaries in the entire nation . The Democratic Party 's primary occurred on the same day as the Republican primary . Hillary Clinton was the winner of the popular vote in the primary , with Barack Obama trailing in second . Clinton and Obama received an equal number of delegates to the National Convention since the percentages of their votes were close . With this win , Clinton became the first female candidate to ever win a delegate-binding primary of a major political party 's presidential nominating contest . After Obama became the Democratic Party 's presumptive nominee on June 3 , the New Hampshire Delegation to the 2008 Democratic National Convention unanimously cast its 30 formal votes for him , one of only three states to do so ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indra_Putra_Mahayuddin", "text": "Indra Putra Bin Mahayuddin , P.B . ( born 2 September 1981 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Kuala Lumpur and also a player in the Malaysia national team . He is the all-time highest goalscorer of the Malaysia Super League . He is a versatile forward , who can operate as a striker or a winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaime_Fuster", "text": "Jaime Benito Fuster Berlingeri ( January 12 , 1941 - December 3 , 2007 ) was a politician who served as an Associate Justice to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico . Justice Fuster , along with Justice Liana Fiol Matta , was considered the leading liberal voice in the Puerto Rico Supreme Court ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indianapolis", "text": "Indianapolis ( /ˌɪndiəˈnæpəlɪs/ ) , often shortened to Indy , is the state capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana and the seat of Marion County . According to 2018 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the consolidated population of Indianapolis and Marion County was 876,862 . The balance population , which excludes semi-autonomous municipalities in Marion County , was 867,125 . It is the 17th most populous city in the U.S . The Indianapolis metropolitan area is the 34th most populous metropolitan statistical area in the U.S. , with 2,048,703 residents . Its combined statistical area ranks 28th , with a population of 2,431,361 . Indianapolis covers 368 square miles ( 950 km2 ) , making it the 16th largest city by land area in the U.S. Indigenous peoples inhabited the area dating to approximately 2000 BC . In 1818 , the Delaware relinquished their tribal lands in the Treaty of St. Mary 's . In 1821 , Indianapolis was founded as a planned city for the new seat of Indiana 's state government . The city was platted by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham on a 1-square-mile ( 2.6 km2 ) grid next to the White River . Completion of the National and Michigan roads and arrival of rail later solidified the city 's position as a manufacturing and transportation hub . Two of the city 's nicknames reflect its historical ties to transportation - the Crossroads of America and Railroad City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/It's_the_Rage_(film)", "text": "It 's the Rage is a 1999 film version of Keith Reddin 's play All The Rage about three interconnected stories and how handguns affect each of the nine people involved . The film is the directorial debut of producer James D. Stern ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taiwan_(island)", "text": "Taiwan , officially the Republic of China ( ROC ) , is an island state in East Asia . The main island of Taiwan , known historically in English as Formosa , makes up 99% of the area controlled by the ROC , measuring 35,808 square kilometres ( 13,826 sq mi ) and lying some 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) across the Taiwan Strait from the southeastern coast of mainland China . The East China Sea lies to its north , the Philippine Sea to its east , the Luzon Strait directly to its south and the South China Sea to its southwest . Smaller islands include a number in the Taiwan Strait including the Penghu archipelago , the Kinmen and Matsu Islands near the Chinese coast , and some of the South China Sea Islands . The main island is a tilted fault block , characterized by the contrast between the eastern two-thirds , consisting mostly of five rugged mountain ranges parallel to the east coast , and the flat to gently rolling plains of the western third , where the majority of Taiwan 's population reside . There are several peaks over 3,500 m , the highest being Yu Shan at 3,952 m ( 12,966 ft ) , making Taiwan the world 's fourth-highest island . The tectonic boundary that formed these ranges is still active , and the island experiences many earthquakes , a few of them highly destructive . There are also many active submarine volcanoes in the Taiwan Straits . The climate ranges from tropical in the south to subtropical in the north , and is governed by the East Asian Monsoon . The main island is struck by an average of four typhoons in each year . The eastern mountains are heavily forested and home to a diverse range of wildlife , while land use in the western and northern lowlands is intensive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terence_Garvin", "text": "Terence Damian Garvin ( born January 1 , 1991 ) is an American football linebacker who plays for the St. Louis BattleHawks of the XFL . He played college football for West Virginia , and was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletissima", "text": "Athletissima is an annual athletics meeting in Lausanne , Switzerland . Previously one of the five IAAF Super Grand Prix events , it is now part of the IAAF Diamond League . The first edition was held on 8 July 1977 in the Stade Pierre de Coubertin . In 1986 the event was moved to the Stade olympique de la Pontaise . The UBS has been the main sponsor of Athletissima Lausanne since 1982 . Other sponsors are Vaudoise Assurances , Omega , Erdgas and Nike ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denver,_Colorado", "text": "Denver ( /ˈdɛnvər/ ) , officially the City and County of Denver , is the capital and most populous municipality of the U.S. state of Colorado . Denver is located in the South Platte River Valley on the western edge of the High Plains just east of the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains . With an estimated population of 716,492 in 2018 , Denver is the 19th-most populous U.S. city , and with a 19.38% increase since the 2010 United States Census , it has been one of the fastest-growing major cities in the United States . The metropolitan city is located in the middle of the extensive Southern Rocky Mountain Front with Cheyenne , Wyoming , to the north and Albuquerque , New Mexico , to the south , this rapidly growing region has a population of 5,467,633 , according to the 2010 United States Census . The Denver downtown district is immediately east of the confluence of Cherry Creek with the South Platte River , approximately 12 mi ( 19 km ) east of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains . Denver is named after James W. Denver , a governor of the Kansas Territory . It is nicknamed the Mile High City because its official elevation is exactly one mile ( 5280 feet or 1609.3 meters ) above sea level . The 105th meridian west of Greenwich , the longitudinal reference for the Mountain Time Zone , passes directly through Denver Union Station . Denver is ranked as a Beta world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . The 10-county Denver-Aurora-Lakewood , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated 2018 population of 2,932,415 and is the 19th most populous U.S. metropolitan statistical area . The 12-city Denver-Aurora , CO Combined Statistical Area had an estimated 2018 population of 3,572,798 and is the 15th most populous U.S. metropolitan area . Denver is the most populous city of the 18-county Front Range Urban Corridor , an oblong urban region stretching across two states with an estimated 2018 population of 4,976,781 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maurice_Chevalier", "text": "Maurice Auguste Chevalier ( French : [ moʁis ʃəvalje ] ; September 12 , 1888 - January 1 , 1972 ) was a French actor , cabaret singer and entertainer . He is perhaps best known for his signature songs , including Livin ' In The Sunlight , Valentine , Louise , Mimi , and Thank Heaven for Little Girls and for his films , including The Love Parade , The Big Pond , The Smiling Lieutenant , One Hour with You and Love Me Tonight . His trademark attire was a boater hat and tuxedo . Chevalier was born in Paris . He made his name as a star of musical comedy , appearing in public as a singer and dancer at an early age before working in menial jobs as a teenager . In 1909 , he became the partner of the biggest female star in France at the time , Fréhel . Although their relationship was brief , she secured him his first major engagement , as a mimic and a singer in l'Alcazar in Marseille , for which he received critical acclaim by French theatre critics . In 1917 , he discovered jazz and ragtime and went to London , where he found new success at the Palace Theatre . After this , he toured the United States , where he met the American composers George Gershwin and Irving Berlin and brought the operetta Dédé to Broadway in 1922 . He developed an interest in acting and had success in Dédé . When talkies arrived , he went to Hollywood in 1928 , where he played his first American role in Innocents of Paris . In 1930 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his roles in The Love Parade ( 1929 ) and The Big Pond ( 1930 ) , which secured his first big American hits , You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me and Livin ' in the Sunlight , Lovin ' in the Moonlight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chunnam_Dragons", "text": "Jeonnam Dragons ( 전남 드래곤즈 ) is a football club founded in 1994 in the Korean city of Gwangyang , Jeonnam province which joined the K League 1 for the 1995 season at the same time as Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors , their Jeolla province rivals . Before January 6 , 2014 , their name was spelled as Chunnam Dragons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marie-Laure_Brunet", "text": "Marie-Laure Brunet ( born 20 November 1988 in Lannemezan , Hautes-Pyrénées ) is a retired French biathlete and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal in the women 's pursuit at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games of Vancouver . Brunet made her Biathlon World Cup debut in March 2007 at Kontiolahti , shortly after winning a gold medal in the individual event at the Youth World Championships . During her career she developed a reputation as one of the most accurate shooters on the biathlon circuit . Brunet announced her retirement in June 2014 after suffering health problems , including collapsing during the relay at the 2014 Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kappa_(brand)", "text": "Kappa is an Italian sportswear brand founded in Turin , Piedmont , Italy . Kappa was founded as a sock firm in Turin , Italy , in 1916 but did n't become Kappa until 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Mississippi", "text": "Mississippi was admitted to the Union on December 10 , 1817 , and elects senators to Class 1 and Class 2 . Its current senators are Republicans Cindy Hyde-Smith and Roger Wicker . As of April 2 , 2018 , 51 people have served as U.S. senators from Mississippi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raja_Casablanca", "text": "Raja Club Athletic ( Raja CA or RCA ) ( Arabic : نادي الرجاء الرياضي , romanized : Nādī ar-Rajāʾ ar-Riyāḍī ) is a Moroccan sports club with sections in many different disciplines based in Casablanca City , Morocco . Founded in 1949 , Raja CA is a club known for the success of its football section and is the finalists in the FIFA Club World Cup 2013 The club Greens played the finals against the Bavarians giant FC Bayern Munich and which is the most titled team in the history of African Football and the Moroccan Football History . The Greens Eagles plays its meetings at Stade Mohammed V since its inauguration in 1956 . Raja CA holds the distinction of being the first Arab club to reach the final of the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup since Al Ain FC reached the final too in 2018 . It is also one of the most prestigious clubs on the continent , in 1999 , in a ranking established by the FIFA , Raja is ranked 10th club in the world following its performances at the 2000 Mondialito . Raja CA is also the most successful moroccan club of the 21st century . Nowadays , Raja is the fifth most successful club in Africa with 8 titles in official continental competitions Raja CA has longstanding rivalries with some clubs , including Wydad AC ( the confrontation between the two clubs , the Casablanca derby , is one of the most famous in the world ) where the Green Eagles show a historical superiority over his rival in term of victories and goals . The green club is chaired by Jaouad Ziyat since September 13 , 2018 , succeeding to the provisional committee of Mohamed Aouzal who led Raja for 5 months after the resignation of the controversial Said Hasbane . The Moroccan Jamal Sellami is the coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ski_cross", "text": "Ski cross is a type of skiing competition . Despite its being a timed racing event , it is often considered part of freestyle skiing because it incorporates terrain features traditionally found in freestyle . Ski cross courses have both naturally occurring terrain and artificial features including big-air jumps and high-banked turns . What sets ski cross apart from other alpine skiing disciplines is that there 's more than one skier racing down the course . Any intentional contact with other competitors leads to disqualification ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Angeles_Angels_of_Anaheim", "text": "The Los Angeles Angels are an American professional baseball team based in the city of Anaheim , California , part of Orange County and the Los Angeles metropolitan area . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) West division . The Angels have played home games at Angel Stadium since 1966 . The current MLB franchise was established as one of the league 's first two expansion teams in 1961 by Gene Autry , the team 's first owner . Autry was a famous singing cowboy actor in a series of films in the 1930s to 1950s , and later was the subject of the Gene Autry Western Heritage Museum . The Angels name was taken by Autry in tribute to the previous original Los Angeles Angels , a Minor League franchise in the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) , which played in South Central Los Angeles from 1903 to 1957 . He bought the rights to the Angels name from Walter O'Malley , the then-Los Angeles Dodgers owner , who acquired the PCL franchise from Philip K. Wrigley , also the owner of the parent Chicago Cubs at the time , as part of the Dodgers ' move to Southern California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesse_&_Joy", "text": "Jesse & Joy ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈɟʝesi i ˈʝoi ] ) is a Mexican pop duo formed in 2005 by brother and sister Jesse ( born December 31 , 1982 , as Jesse Eduardo Huerta Uecke ) and Joy ( born June 20 , 1986 , as Tirzah Joy Huerta Uecke ) , in Mexico City . The duo have released four studio albums , one live album and one EP on Warner Music Latin , have toured internationally , and have accumulated a Best Latin Album Grammy Award and six Latin Grammy Awards in various categories . Jesse & Joy are probably some of the purest , most talented artists of our generation , wrote Latin Times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hollywood_(2020_TV_series)", "text": "Hollywood is an upcoming American drama web television limited series created by Ryan Murphy and Ian Brennan , that is set to premiere May 2020 on Netflix ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Mask_(1994_film)", "text": "The Mask is a 1994 American superhero comedy film directed by Charles Russell , produced by Bob Engelman , and written by Mike Werb , loosely based on the comic series of the same name published by Dark Horse Comics . The film stars Jim Carrey , Peter Riegert , Peter Greene , Amy Yasbeck , Richard Jeni , and Cameron Diaz in her film debut . It revolves around Stanley Ipkiss ( Carrey ) , an unfortunate bank clerk who finds a magical mask that transforms him into a mischievous zoot-suited gangster . The film was released on July 29 , 1994 , by New Line Cinema , becoming a critical and commercial success . The film grossed over $ 351 million on a $ 23 million budget , which made it the second most profitable comic book movie up to that point , next to Superman . It cemented Carrey 's reputation as a dominant actor of the 1990s , and it established Diaz as a leading lady . Carrey was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role , and the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects but lost to Forrest Gump . A critically panned stand-alone sequel , Son of the Mask , was released in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , seven track cycling events were contested , all for men only . The weather was poor , with rainfall causing the track to flood on occasion . The track was 660 yards long ( being built around the perimeter of the White City Stadium 's athletics track ) ; some events ( the 660 yards and the team pursuit ) used full laps of the track ; the others used metric distances ."}
{"title": "/wiki/War_Requiem", "text": "The War Requiem , Op . 66 , is a large-scale setting of the Requiem composed by Benjamin Britten mostly in 1961 and completed in January 1962 . The War Requiem was performed for the consecration of the new Coventry Cathedral , which was built after the original fourteenth-century structure was destroyed in a World War II bombing raid . The traditional Latin texts are interspersed , in telling juxtaposition , with extra-liturgical poems by Wilfred Owen , written during World War I . The work is scored for soprano , tenor and baritone soloists , chorus , boys ' choir , organ , and two orchestras ( a full orchestra and a chamber orchestra ) . The chamber orchestra accompanies the intimate settings of the English poetry , while soprano , choirs and orchestra are used for the Latin sections ; all forces are combined in the conclusion . The Requiem has a duration of approximately 80-85 minutes . In 2019 , War Requiem was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Recording Registry for being culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sajjan_Singh_Rangroot", "text": "Sajjan Singh Rangroot is a 2018 Indian Punjabi-language war drama film directed by Pankaj Batra . It stars Diljit Dosanjh , Yograj Singh and Sunanda Sharma . The movie is based on a true story about the experiences of Sikh soldiers of the British Indian Army fighting on the Western Front during World War I . The movie was released on 23 March 2018 . On release , film got positive reviews from both critics and audience . The movie is expected to be dubbed into Hindi by Cinekorn Entertainment and English . Sajjan Singh Rangroot is eighth highest Punjabi grossing film of all time and third highest-grossing film of 2018 . On 22 June 2018 , Sajjan Singh Rangroot 's exclusive internet rights was acquired by SHAREit"}
{"title": "/wiki/Viscosity", "text": "The viscosity of a fluid is a measure of its resistance to deformation at a given rate . For liquids , it corresponds to the informal concept of thickness : for example , syrup has a higher viscosity than water . Viscosity can be conceptualized as quantifying the internal frictional force that arises between adjacent layers of fluid that are in relative motion . For instance , when a fluid is forced through a tube , it flows more quickly near the tube 's axis than near its walls . In such a case , experiments show that some stress ( such as a pressure difference between the two ends of the tube ) is needed to sustain the flow through the tube . This is because a force is required to overcome the friction between the layers of the fluid which are in relative motion : the strength of this force is proportional to the viscosity . A fluid that has no resistance to shear stress is known as an ideal or inviscid fluid . Zero viscosity is observed only at very low temperatures in superfluids . Otherwise , the second law of thermodynamics requires all fluids to have positive viscosity ; such fluids are technically said to be viscous or viscid . A fluid with a high viscosity , such as pitch , may appear to be a solid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1941_NFL_season", "text": "The 1941 NFL season was the 22nd regular season of the National Football League . Before the season , Elmer Layden was named the first Commissioner of the NFL , while Carl Storck resigned as league president . Layden also took on the duties of president and signed a five-year contract at $ 20,000 annually . The league bylaws were changed to provide for playoffs in cases where division races are tied after the regular season , and rules for sudden-death overtimes in case a playoff game was tied after four quarters . The defending league champion Chicago Bears and the Green Bay Packers finished the regular season tied in the Western Division , setting up the first divisional playoff game in league history . The Bears won 33-14 at Wrigley Field on December 14 , then defeated the New York Giants 37-9 in the NFL championship game at Wrigley Field on December 21 . The Bears , averaging 36 points per game , became the first team since the institution of the East-West championship in 1933 to repeat as champion . The total attendance for the league 's 55 regular season games was 1,118,616 . This represented an increase of 9% over the previous season 's attendance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfred_O._P._Nicholson", "text": "Alfred Osborn Pope Nicholson ( August 31 , 1808 - March 23 , 1876 ) , a Tennessee Democratic politician and lawyer , was twice a United States Senator from that state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Yorkshire", "text": "West Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in England . It is an inland and , in relative terms , upland county having eastward-draining valleys while taking in the moors of the Pennines . West Yorkshire came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972 and has a population of 2.2 million . West Yorkshire consists of five metropolitan boroughs ( City of Bradford , Calderdale , Kirklees , City of Leeds and City of Wakefield ) and is bordered by the counties of Derbyshire to the south , Greater Manchester to the south-west , Lancashire to the north-west , North Yorkshire to the north and east , and South Yorkshire to the south and south-east . Remnants of strong coal , wool and iron ore industries remain in the county , having attracted people over the centuries , and this can be seen in the buildings and architecture . Major railways and two major motorways traverse the county , which also contains Leeds Bradford International Airport . West Yorkshire County Council was abolished in 1986 , so its five districts became effectively unitary authorities . However , the metropolitan county , which covers an area of 2,029 square kilometres ( 783 sq mi ) , continues to exist in law , and as a geographic frame of reference . Since 1 April 2014 West Yorkshire has been a combined authority area , with the local authorities pooling together some functions over transport and regeneration as the West Yorkshire Combined Authority . West Yorkshire includes the West Yorkshire Urban Area , which is the biggest and most built-up urban area within the historic county boundaries of Yorkshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surrey_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Surrey was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1832 . It was represented by two Members of Parliament until 1832 . The constituency was split into two two-member divisions , for Parliamentary purposes , in 1832 . The county was then represented by the East Surrey and West Surrey constituencies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bridgit_Mendler", "text": "Bridgit Claire Mendler ( born December 18 , 1992 ) is an American actress , singer , and songwriter . In 2004 , she began her career in the animated Indian film The Legend of Buddha , later starring in the films Alice Upside Down ( 2007 ) , The Clique ( 2008 ) , Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel ( 2009 ) and Labor Pains ( 2009 ) as a teenager . In 2009 , Mendler signed with Disney Channel and played Juliet van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place . Following the positive reception to her character , she landed the role of Teddy Duncan on the Disney series Good Luck Charlie , which ran from April 2010 to February 2014 . Mendler also starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie Lemonade Mouth in 2011 . Subsequently , Mendler portrayed Candace in the NBC sitcom Undateable ( 2015-2016 ) and Ashley Willerman in the musical television series Nashville ( 2017 ) . Mendler was featured on two singles released from the soundtrack of Lemonade Mouth , with both charting on the US Billboard Hot 100 . In 2012 , Mendler released her debut studio album Hello My Name Is . It went on to peak at number 30 on the Billboard 200 , with over 200,000 copies sold . The record spawned the lead single Ready or Not ( 2012 ) , which was certified Gold and Platinum in various countries . The follow-up single Hurricane ( 2013 ) did not achieve the same success . Mendler has links with several philanthropic projects and humanitarian causes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alejandro_Chabán", "text": "Alejandro Chabán ( born Alejandro José Chabán Rodríguez on August 20 , 1981 ) , is a Venezuelan actor , television host , author and certified consultant on nutrition and wellness . Chaban has participated in several Latin American telenovelas and series . He also lent his voice for the video game , L.A. Noire , as Gabriel Delgado ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Into_the_Woods", "text": "Into the Woods is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and book by James Lapine . The musical intertwines the plots of several Brothers Grimm and Charles Perrault fairy tales , exploring the consequences of the characters ' wishes and quests . The main characters are taken from Little Red Riding Hood , Jack and the Beanstalk , Rapunzel , and Cinderella , as well as several others . The musical is tied together by a story involving a childless baker and his wife and their quest to begin a family ( the original beginning of The Grimm Brothers ' Rapunzel ) , their interaction with a witch who has placed a curse on them , and their interaction with other storybook characters during their journey . The musical debuted in San Diego at the Old Globe Theatre in 1986 and premiered on Broadway on November 5 , 1987 , where it won several Tony Awards , including Best Score , Best Book , and Best Actress in a Musical ( Joanna Gleason ) , in a year dominated by The Phantom of the Opera ( 1988 ) . The musical has since been produced many times , with a 1988 US national tour , a 1990 West End production , a 1997 tenth anniversary concert , a 2002 Broadway revival , a 2010 London revival , and in 2012 as part of New York City 's outdoor Shakespeare in the Park series . A Disney film adaptation directed by Rob Marshall and starring Meryl Streep , Emily Blunt , James Corden , Anna Kendrick , Chris Pine , Tracey Ullman , Christine Baranski and Johnny Depp was released in 2014 . The film grossed over $ 213 million worldwide , and received three Academy Award nominations and three Golden Globe Award nominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Linford", "text": "Great Linford is a historic village , district and civil parish in the northern part of Milton Keynes , England , between Wolverton and Newport Pagnell ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aldeburgh_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Aldeburgh in Suffolk , was a parliamentary borough represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and its predecessor bodies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khalid_Skah", "text": "Khalid Skah ( Arabic : خالد سكاح ) ( born January 29 , 1967 ) is a Moroccan track and field athlete , winner of the 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics . Born in Midelt , Morocco , Skah established himself first as a good cross country runner by winning the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1990 and 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thai_National_Anthem", "text": "The Thai National Anthem ( ) is the title of Thailand 's national anthem which was adopted on 10 December 1939 . The melody was composed by Phra Chenduriyang ( Peter Veit ) and the words are by Luang Saranupraphan . Phleng chāt ( ) , literally meaning national anthem , is a general term for a national anthem . This term is also used to refer to this specific song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fighting_game", "text": "A fighting game is a video game genre based around close combat between a limited number of characters , in a stage in which the boundaries are fixed . The characters fight each others until they defeat their opponents or the time expires . The matches typically consist of several rounds , in an arena , with each player character having different abilities but each is relatively viable to choose . Players must master techniques such as blocking , counter-attacking , and chaining attacks together into combos . Starting in the early 1990s , most fighting games allowed the player to execute special attacks by performing specific input combinations . The fighting game genre is related to but distinct from beat 'em ups , which involve large numbers of enemies against the human player . The first game to feature fist fighting was Heavyweight Champ in 1976 , but it was Karate Champ which popularized one-on-one martial arts games in arcades in 1984 . The following year , Yie Ar Kung-Fu featured antagonists with differing fighting styles , while The Way of the Exploding Fist further popularized the genre on home systems . In 1987 , Street Fighter introduced hidden special attacks . In 1991 , Capcom 's highly successful Street Fighter II refined and popularized many of the conventions of the genre . The fighting game subsequently became the preeminent genre for competitive video gaming in the early to mid-1990s , particularly in arcades . This period spawned dozens of other popular fighting games , including franchises like Street Fighter , Super Smash Bros. , Tekken , and Virtua Fighter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2nd_Guards_Field_Artillery", "text": "The 2nd Guards Field Artillery Regiment ( German : 2 . Garde-Feldartillerie-Regiment ) was an artillery unit in the Prussian Army prior to and during the First World War . The regiment was part of the 4th Guards Infantry Division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tulsa_Drillers", "text": "The Tulsa Drillers are a minor league baseball team based in Tulsa , Oklahoma . The team , which plays in the Texas League , is the Double-A affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers major-league club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freddie_Trueman", "text": "Frederick Sewards Trueman , ( 6 February 1931 - 1 July 2006 ) was an English cricketer , mainly active from 1948 to 1968 , who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club and the England cricket team . He had professional status and later became a popular author and broadcaster . He was born in Stainton , West Riding of Yorkshire , and died in Steeton with Eastburn , West Yorkshire . He appeared in 603 first-class matches , including 67 Test matches , as a right-handed batsman who bowled right arm fast . Generally acknowledged to have been one of the greatest bowlers in cricket 's history , Trueman deployed a genuinely fast pace and was widely known as Fiery Fred . He was the first bowler to take 300 wickets in a Test career . Together with Brian Statham , he opened the England bowling for many years and they formed one of the most famous bowling partnerships in Test cricket history . Trueman was an outstanding fielder , especially at leg slip , and a useful late order batsman who made three first-class centuries . He was awarded his Yorkshire county cap in 1951 and in 1952 was elected Young Cricketer of the Year by the Cricket Writers ' Club . For his performances in the 1952 season , he was named one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in the 1953 edition of Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack . His talent , skill and popularity were such that British Prime Minister Harold Wilson jokingly described him as the greatest living Yorkshireman . Even so , Trueman was omitted from numerous England teams because he was frequently in conflict with the cricket establishment , which he often criticised for its perceived snobbishness and hypocrisy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cambridgeshire", "text": "Cambridgeshire ( abbreviated Cambs . ) [ note 1 ] is a county in the East of England , bordering Lincolnshire to the north , Norfolk to the north-east , Suffolk to the east , Essex and Hertfordshire to the south , and Bedfordshire and Northamptonshire to the west . The city of Cambridge is the county town . Modern Cambridgeshire was formed in 1974 as an amalgamation of the counties of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely and Huntingdon and Peterborough , the former covering the historic county of Cambridgeshire ( including the Isle of Ely ) and the latter covering the historic county of Huntingdonshire and the Soke of Peterborough , historically part of Northamptonshire . It contains most of the region known as Silicon Fen . Local government is divided between Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council , which , since 1998 , forms a separate unitary authority . Under the county council , there are five district councils , Cambridge City Council , South Cambridgeshire District Council , East Cambridgeshire District Council , Huntingdonshire District Council and Fenland District Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abidjan", "text": "Abidjan ( /ˌæbɪˈdʒɑːn/ AB-ih-JAHN , French : [ abidʒɑ̃ ] ; Nko : ߊߓߌߖߊ߲߬ ) is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and one of the most populous French-speaking cities in Africa . According to the 2014 census , Abidjan 's population was 4.7 million , which is 20 percent of the overall population of the country , and this also makes it the sixth most populous city proper in Africa , after Lagos , Cairo , Kinshasa , Dar es Salaam , and Johannesburg . A cultural crossroads of West Africa , Abidjan is characterised by a high level of industrialisation and urbanisation . The city expanded quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 , followed by its designation as the capital city of the then-French colony in 1933 . Abidjan remained the capital of Côte d'Ivoire after its independence from France in 1960 . The completion of the Vridi Canal in 1951 enabled Abidjan to become an important sea port . In 1983 , the city of Yamoussoukro was designated as the official political capital of Côte d'Ivoire . However , almost all political institutions and foreign embassies continue to be located in Abidjan . Because Abidjan is also the largest city in the country and the centre of its economic activity , it has officially been designated as the economic capital of the country . The Abidjan Autonomous District , which encompasses the city and some of its suburbs , is one of the 14 districts of Côte d'Ivoire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michel_Periard", "text": "Michel Périard ( born November 10 , 1979 ) is a Canadian-German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Jonquière Marquis in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey ( LNAH ) . Périard played for several minor-league teams across four leagues before moving to the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in 2005 where he remained until 2017 . He holds a German passport since October 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Dillard_Morrison", "text": "Dillard Morrison Sr. ( 1919-1989 ) - known as Red Dillard - was an American mob boss and enforcer in New York City 's Harlem neighborhood . Once called the most dangerous man in the country by federal law enforcement agents , [ citation needed ] Morrison 's underworld résumé includes running a multimillion-dollar heroin ring , enforcing , pimping , extortion , and engaging in shootouts with rivals like Bumpy Johnson . A Robin Hood like figure in the Harlem community , Morrison 's exploits with crime , women , and music are legendary . Though he would spend decades behind bars over the course of his life , Morrison was never convicted of murder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympique_Lyonnais", "text": "Olympique Lyonnais ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ɔlɛ̃pik ljɔnɛ ] ) , commonly referred to as simply Lyon ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ljɔ̃ ] ) or OL , ( Euronext : OLG ) is a French professional football club based in Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes , It plays in France 's highest football division , Ligue 1 . The club was formed as Lyon Olympique Universitaire in 1899 , according to many supporters and sport historians , but was nationally established as a club in 1950 . The club 's most successful period has been the 21st century . The club won its first Ligue 1 championship in 2002 , starting a national record-setting streak of seven successive titles . Lyon has also won eight Trophées des Champions , five Coupes de France and three Ligue 2 titles . Lyon has participated in the UEFA Champions League 12 times , and during the 2009-10 season , reached the semi-finals of the competition for the first time after three previous quarter-final appearances . Olympique Lyonnais plays its home matches at the 59,186-seat Parc Olympique Lyonnais , commercially known as Groupama Stadium , in Décines-Charpieu , a suburb of Lyon . The club 's home colors are white , red and blue . Lyon was a member of the G14 group of leading European football clubs and are founder members of its successor , the European Club Association . Olympique Lyonnais is one of the most popular clubs in France . A 2009 survey found that about 11% of the country 's football fans support the club , a proportion Lyon shared with Paris Saint-Germain , behind only Olympique de Marseille . The club 's nickname , Les Gones , means The Kids in Lyon 's regional dialect of Arpitan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Cleveland", "text": "James Milton Cleveland ( May 3 , 1926 - August 23 , 2008 ) was an American jazz trombonist born in Wartrace , Tennessee . Cleveland worked with many other jazz musicians , including Lionel Hampton , Miles Davis , Sarah Vaughan , Antonio Carlos Jobim , Quincy Jones , Lucky Thompson , Gigi Gryce , Oscar Peterson , Oscar Pettiford and James Brown . He also recorded a sequence of albums for EmArcy/Mercury Records in the 1950s . He continued to make records with Zion Records later in his career . Cleveland died August 23 , 2008 in Lynwood , California at age 82 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kilwinning_Rangers_F.C.", "text": "Kilwinning Rangers Football Club are a Scottish football club from Kilwinning , Ayrshire . Formed in 1899 they became the first Ayrshire club to win the Scottish Junior Cup in 1908-09 with a 1-0 victory over Strathclyde A second appearance in the final followed in 1909-10 , however Kilwinning were defeated 3-0 by Ashfield . Almost a century later , Kilwinning regained the Scottish Junior Cup with a 1-0 victory over Kelty Hearts , in a season which saw them win six out of the seven trophies available to them . Kilwinning became the first Ayrshire side to win the West Super League in 2003-04 however financial issues resulted in the team finishing bottom of the league the following season and subsequently relegated . Most of the following decade was spent in the Ayrshire District League with a promotion to the Super First Division achieved in 2012-13 . A promising campaign the following season almost resulted in Kilwinning avoiding relegation , however it was later revealed that the club had fielded an ineligible player for 12 matches and the resulting 19 point deduction relegated the side to the bottom division once again . A change in management occurred in February 2014 with the appointment of Chris Strain and Colin Stewart , although Stewart left to take up a coaching role at Rangers in 2015 and Strain has assumed the role of sole manager since then . Kilwinning achieved successive champions league in 2014-15 and 2016-17 , courtesy of a play-off victory against Shettleston and maintained their top flight status the following season by defeating Kilsyth Rangers in another play-off . They will play their home games at Kilwinning sports Club starting in the 2019/20 season they also compete in the SJFA West Region Premiership . They play in blue and white hoops ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Princeton_Plasma_Physics_Laboratory", "text": "Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory ( PPPL ) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory for plasma physics and nuclear fusion science . Its primary mission is research into and development of fusion as an energy source . PPPL grew out of the top secret Cold War project to control thermonuclear reactions , called Project Matterhorn . In 1961 , after declassification , Project Matterhorn was renamed the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory . PPPL is located on Princeton University 's Forrestal Campus in Plainsboro Township , New Jersey . This is some distance from the main Princeton campus , but the lab has a Princeton address ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isle_of_Arran", "text": "The Isle of Arran ( /ˈærən/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Eilean Arainn ) or simply Arran is an island off the coast of Scotland . It is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde and the seventh largest Scottish island , at 432 square kilometres ( 167 sq mi ) . Historically part of Buteshire , it is in the unitary council area of North Ayrshire . In the 2011 census it had a resident population of 4,629 . Though culturally and physically similar to the Hebrides , it is separated from them by the Kintyre peninsula . Often referred to as Scotland in Miniature , the island is divided into highland and lowland areas by the Highland Boundary Fault and has been described as a geologist 's paradise . Arran has been continuously inhabited since the early Neolithic period . Numerous prehistoric remains have been found . From the 6th century onwards , Goidelic-speaking peoples from Ireland colonised it and it became a centre of religious activity . In the troubled Viking Age , Arran became the property of the Norwegian crown , until formally absorbed by the kingdom of Scotland in the 13th century . The 19th-century clearances led to significant depopulation and the end of the Gaelic language and way of life . The economy and population have recovered in recent years , the main industry being tourism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ajit_Pawar", "text": "Ajit Anantrao Pawar ( born 22 July 1959 ) is an Indian politician from the state of Maharashtra , who is the current Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra . He is a from the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly representing Baramati constituency . He is the nephew of Sharad Pawar , the chief of Nationalist Congress Party . Besides being the Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra , he is also the Finance Minister of Maharashtra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Ana_de_Coro", "text": "Coro is the capital of Falcón State and the oldest city in the west of Venezuela . It was founded on July 26 , 1527 by Juan de Ampíes as Santa Ana de Coro . It is established at the south of the Paraguaná Peninsula in a coastal plain , flanked by the Médanos de Coro National Park to the north and the sierra de Coro to the south , at a few kilometers from its port ( La Vela de Coro ) in the Caribbean Sea at a point equidistant between the Ensenada de La Vela and Golfete de Coro . It has a wide cultural tradition that comes from being the urban settlement founded by the Spanish conquerors who colonized the interior of the continent . It was the first capital of the Venezuela Province and head of the first bishop founded in South America in 1531 . As Neu-Augsburg , it was the first German colony in the Americas under the Welsers . The precursor movement of the independence and of vindication of the dominated classes in Venezuela originated in this region ; it is also considered to be the cradle of the Venezuelan federalist movement in the Republican era . Thanks to the city 's history , culture and its well-preserved Colonial architecture , Coro and its port La Vela was designated in 1993 as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO , thus becoming the first site in Venezuela to be vested with this title . Since 2005 it is on the UNESCO 's List of World Heritage in Danger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oakland,_California", "text": "Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County , California , United States . A major West Coast port city , Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area , the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area , the eighth most populated city in California , and the 45th largest city in the United States . With a population of 428,827 as of 2018 [ update ] , it serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area ; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay , the entirety of Northern California , and the fifth busiest in the United States of America . An act to incorporate the city was passed on May 4 , 1852 , and incorporation was later approved on March 25 , 1854 , which officially made Oakland a city . Oakland is a charter city . Oakland 's territory covers what was once a mosaic of California coastal terrace prairie , oak woodland , and north coastal scrub . Its land served as a rich resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco . Oakland 's fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region . In the late 1860s , Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad . Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , many San Francisco citizens moved to Oakland , enlarging the city 's population , increasing its housing stock , and improving its infrastructure . It continued to grow in the 20th century with its busy port , shipyards , and a thriving automobile manufacturing industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McLaren", "text": "McLaren Racing Limited is a British motor racing team based at the McLaren Technology Centre , Woking , Surrey , England . McLaren is best known as a Formula One constructor and also has a history of competing in American open wheel racing as both an entrant and a chassis constructor , and has won the Canadian-American Challenge Cup ( Can-Am ) sports car racing championship . The team is the second oldest active , and second most successful Formula One team after Ferrari , having won 182 races , 12 Drivers ' Championships and eight Constructors ' Championships . The team is a wholly owned subsidiary of the McLaren Group . Founded in 1963 by New Zealander Bruce McLaren , the team won its first Grand Prix at the 1968 Belgian Grand Prix , but their greatest initial success was in Can-Am , which they dominated from 1967 to 1971 . Further American triumph followed , with Indianapolis 500 wins in McLaren cars for Mark Donohue in 1972 and Johnny Rutherford in 1974 and 1976 . After Bruce McLaren died in a testing accident in 1970 , Teddy Mayer took over and led the team to their first Formula One Constructors ' Championship in 1974 , with Emerson Fittipaldi and James Hunt winning the Drivers ' Championship in 1974 and 1976 respectively . The year 1974 also marked the start of a long-standing sponsorship by Phillip Morris ' Marlboro cigarette brand . In 1981 , McLaren merged with Ron Dennis ' Project Four Racing ; Dennis took over as team principal and shortly after organised a buyout of the original McLaren shareholders to take full control of the team . This began the team 's most successful era : with Porsche and Honda engines , Niki Lauda , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna took between them seven Drivers ' Championships and the team took six Constructors ' Championships . The combination of Prost and Senna was particularly dominant - together they won all but one race in 1988 - but later their rivalry soured and Prost left for Ferrari . Fellow English team Williams offered the most consistent challenge during this period , the two winning every constructors ' title between 1984 and 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CeeLo_Green", "text": "Thomas DeCarlo Callaway ( born May 30 , 1975 ) , known professionally as CeeLo Green ( or Cee Lo Green ) , is an American singer , songwriter , rapper , record producer , and actor . Green is known for his work in soul music , including the hit singles Crazy and Forget You . Born in Atlanta , Georgia , Green came to initial prominence as a member of the Southern hip hop group Goodie Mob . He subsequently began a solo career , releasing two albums on Arista Records : Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections ( 2002 ) and Cee-Lo Green . Is the Soul Machine ( 2004 ) . Green 's next project was Gnarls Barkley , a collaboration with DJ Danger Mouse . In 2006 , the duo scored a worldwide hit with Crazy , which reached the top five in twenty countries , including the U.S. and U.K. With Gnarls Barkley , Green released two albums : 2006 's platinum-selling St . Elsewhere and 2008 's The Odd Couple . In 2010 , Green continued his solo career with the album The Lady Killer , which spawned his biggest solo hit , Fuck You . The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 , and reached the top 10 in thirteen countries . Green has released two further solo albums , Cee Lo 's Magic Moment ( 2012 ) and Heart Blanche ( 2015 ) , as well as a reunion album with Goodie Mob , Age Against the Machine ( 2014 ) . From 2011 to 2014 , Green was a judge and coach on the American reality television singing competition The Voice , appearing on four of its seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey", "text": "New Jersey is a state in the Mid-Atlantic region of the Northeastern United States . It is bordered on the north and east by the state of New York ; on the east , southeast , and south by the Atlantic Ocean ; on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania ; and on the southwest by the Delaware Bay and the State of Delaware . New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area but the 11th-most populous , with 9 million residents as of 2017 and an area of 8,722.58 square miles , making it the most densely populated of the 50 U.S. states , with its biggest city being Newark . New Jersey lies completely within the combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia . New Jersey was the second-wealthiest U.S. state by median household income as of 2017 . New Jersey was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years , with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast . In the early 17th century , the Dutch and the Swedes founded the first European settlements in the state . The English later seized control of the region , naming it the Province of New Jersey after the largest of the Channel Islands , Jersey , and granting it as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley , 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton . New Jersey was the site of several important battles during the American Revolutionary War in the 18th century . In the 19th century , factories in the cities Camden , Paterson , Newark , Trenton , Jersey City , and Elizabeth ( known as the Big Six ) , helped drive the Industrial Revolution . New Jersey 's geographic location at the center of the Northeast megalopolis , between Boston and New York City to the northeast , and Philadelphia , Baltimore , and Washington , D.C. , to the southwest , fueled its rapid growth through the process of suburbanization in the second half of the 20th century . At the turn of the 21st century , this suburbanization began reverting with the consolidation of New Jersey 's culturally diverse populace toward more urban settings within the state , with towns home to commuter rail stations outpacing the population growth of more automobile-oriented suburbs since 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Everett,_WA", "text": "Everett is the county seat of and the largest city in Snohomish County , Washington , United States . It is located 25 miles ( 40 km ) north of Seattle and is one of the main cities in the metropolitan area and Puget Sound region . Everett is the seventh-largest city in Washington state and had a total population of 103,019 at the 2010 census . The city is located at the mouth of the Snohomish River along Port Gardner Bay , an inlet of Possession Sound ( itself part of Puget Sound ) . American settlement on the Everett peninsula began in the 1860s , with several sawmills built to serve the area 's growing timber industry . Everett was platted by a group of investors seeking to build an industrial city and named for the son of co-founder Charles L. Colby . The city was incorporated in 1893 , shortly after the arrival of the Great Northern Railway , and prospered as a major industrial center . Everett 's economy transitioned away from lumber and towards aviation after World War II , with the construction of Boeing 's aircraft assembly plant at Paine Field in 1967 . Boeing remains the city 's largest employer , alongside the U.S. Navy , which has operated Naval Station Everett since 1992 . Everett received an All-America City Award in 2002 . Everett remains a major employment center for Snohomish County , but has also become a bedroom community for Seattle in recent decades . It is connected to Seattle by Interstate 5 and various public transit services at Everett Station , including the Sounder commuter train , Amtrak , and commuter buses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Fourcade", "text": "Martin Fourcade ( born 14 September 1988 ) is a French biathlete and sous-lieutenant . He is a five-time Olympic champion , a twelve-time World Champion and a seven-time winner of the Overall World Cup . As of February 2018 , he is the most successful French Olympian of all time . Fourcade is the all-time biathlon record holder of overall World Cup titles with seven big crystal globes and he 's also the all-time record holder of the most consecutive Major Championships titles with at least one non-team gold medal in all the last eight Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/High_Sheriff_of_Nottinghamshire,_Derbyshire_and_the_Royal_Forests", "text": "The Sheriff of Nottinghamshire , Derbyshire and the Royal Forests is a position established by the Normans in England . The sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown . Formerly the sheriff was the principal law enforcement officer in the county but over the centuries most of the responsibilities associated with the post have been transferred elsewhere or are now defunct , so that its functions are now largely ceremonial . From 1068 until 1566 the position existed as Sheriff of Nottinghamshire , Derbyshire and the Royal Forests but after 1566 separate appointments were made as Sheriff of Derbyshire and Sheriff of Nottinghamshire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Annecy_–_Haute-Savoie_–_Mont_Blanc_Airport", "text": "Annecy - Haute-Savoie - Mont Blanc Airport or Aéroport Annecy Haute-Savoie Mont Blanc ( IATA : NCY , ICAO : LFLP ) , also known as Aéroport d'Annecy - Meythet , is an airport located 3.5 km northwest of Annecy , between Meythet and Metz-Tessy , all communes of the Haute-Savoie département in the Rhône-Alpes région of France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirby's_Dream_Course", "text": "Kirby 's Dream Course [ a ] is a miniature golf video game developed jointly by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo EAD and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 . It is one of four Kirby video games released for the console . It was re-released on the Virtual Console in 2007 for the Wii and in 2013 for the Wii U. Nintendo re-released Kirby 's Dream Course in Europe and North America in September 2017 as part of the company 's Super NES Classic Edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oshawa", "text": "Oshawa ( /ˈɒʃəwə/ OSH-ə-wə , also US : /-wɑː , -wɔː/ -⁠wah , -⁠waw ; 2016 population 159,458 ; CMA 379,848 ) is a city in Ontario , Canada , on the Lake Ontario shoreline . It lies in Southern Ontario , approximately 60 km ( 37 mi ) east of Downtown Toronto . It is commonly viewed as the eastern anchor of the Greater Toronto Area and of the Golden Horseshoe . It is the largest municipality in the Regional Municipality of Durham . The name Oshawa originates from the Ojibwa term aaz haway , meaning the crossing place or just a cross . Oshawas roots are tied to the automobile industry , specifically the Canadian division of General Motors , known as General Motors Canada . Founded in 1876 as the McLaughlin Carriage Company , General Motors of Canada 's headquarters are located in the city . The automotive industry was the inspiration for Oshawa 's previous mottos : The City that Motovates Canada , and The City in Motion . The lavish home of the carriage company 's founder , Parkwood Estate , is a National Historic Site of Canada and a backdrop favoured by numerous film crews , featured in many films including It , Billy Madison , Chicago , and X-Men . Once recognized as the sole Automotive Capital of Canada , Oshawa today is an education and health sciences hub . General Motors ceased vehicle production entirely on December 18 , 2019 resulting in over 2300 lay-offs . The city is home to three post-secondary institutions Durham College , Trent University Durham and University of Ontario Institute of Technology as well as the Lakeridge Health Education and Research Network ( LHEARN ) , in association with Lakeridge Health Oshawa , formerly the Oshawa General Hospital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oud-Heverlee_Leuven", "text": "Oud-Heverlee Leuven ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈʌut ˈɦeː.vər.ˌleː ˈløː.və ( n ) ] ) , also called OH Leuven or OHL , is a Belgian football club from the city of Leuven . It was created in 2002 from the merger of three clubs , F.C . Zwarte Duivels Oud-Heverlee , whose registration number it inherited , Daring Club Leuven , and Stade Leuven . The home ground of OH Leuven is stadium Den Dreef , located in Heverlee . The club currently plays in the country 's second level , Belgian First Division B . It has played four seasons at the first level , the last time being the 2015-16 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sony_Entertainment_Television", "text": "Sony Entertainment Television ( abbr . SET ) is an Indian Hindi-language pay television channel that was launched in October 1996 , and is owned by Sony Pictures Networks India , a subsidiary of the Japanese Sony . SET has been one of India 's most popular television channels , having produced many iconic shows such as CID , Aahat , Indian Idol , Boogie Woogie , Crime Patrol and Beyhadh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Bruins", "text": "The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team has been in existence since 1924 , and is the league 's third-oldest team overall and the oldest in the United States . It is also an Original Six franchise , along with the Chicago Blackhawks , Detroit Red Wings , Montreal Canadiens , New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs . The Bruins have won six Stanley Cup championships , tied for fourth most of all-time with the Blackhawks and tied second-most of any American NHL team also with the Blackhawks ( behind the Red Wings , who have 11 ) . The first facility to host the Bruins was the Boston Arena ( today 's Matthews Arena ) - the world 's oldest ( built 1909-10 ) indoor ice hockey facility still in use for the sport at any level of competition - and following the Bruins ' departure from the Boston Arena , the team played its home games at the Boston Garden for 67 seasons , beginning in 1928 and concluding in 1995 , when they moved to the TD Garden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Alexander_Historic_District", "text": "West Alexander Historic District is a historic district in West Alexander , Pennsylvania . It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eaton_Socon", "text": "Eaton Socon /iːtən soʊkən/ is an area of St Neots town , having been a village , in Cambridgeshire , England . It was originally in Bedfordshire , along with the similar parish ( and ex-village ) to the north of Eaton Ford , but officially became part of the town in 1965 . Its housing grew and its population more than doubled : 1931 to 2001 . [ a ] It was absorbed into Huntingdonshire , which was in turn absorbed into Cambridgeshire . The population was , as at the year 2011 , 5,704 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hung_Hom_station", "text": "Hung Hom ( Chinese : 紅磡 ; Cantonese Yale : Hùngham ) , referred to by China Railway as Hong Kong Hung Hom ( Chinese : 香港紅磡 ; pinyin : Xiānggǎng Hóngkàn ) since 1 April 2019 , is an interchange station of the East Rail Line and West Rail Line in Hong Kong . It is Hong Kong 's first station serving cross-border trains to Mainland China ( The other station being West Kowloon Station , serving Guangzhou South , Beijing West and many other destinations in Mainland China ) . Cross-border services to Beijing West ( Beijing-Kowloon line ) , Shanghai ( Shanghai-Kowloon line ) , and Guangzhou East ( Guangzhou-Kowloon line ) terminate here . The station is located in Yau Tsim Mong District , Kowloon , next to the Cross-Harbour Tunnel 's northern entrance . Hung Hom is one of the three Hong Kong ports of entry on the MTR network ; the others are Lo Wu and Lok Ma Chau . It is in Yau Tsim Mong District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Romain_Reynaud", "text": "Romain Reynaud ( born 2 March 1983 ) is a French former professional footballer and currently manager who is leading Hauts Lyonnais playing in the Championnat National 3 . During the 2009-10 season , Reynaud played in Ligue 2 for AC Arles-Avignon . He joined Châteauroux the following season , remaining with the club until 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alden,_Michigan", "text": "Alden is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) located in Helena Township in Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is situated at the southeast end of Torch Lake , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) northeast of Traverse City . The population of Alden was 125 at the 2010 census . Alden is at 44°52′52″N 85°16′32″W / 44.88111°N 85.27556°W / 44.88111 ; -85.27556 and the FIPS place code is 01060 . The elevation is 604 feet ( 184 m ) above sea level . The Alden ZIP code 49612 serves portions of Helena Township as well as Custer Township to the east and Clearwater Township to the south and Rapid River Township to the south in Kalkaska County . The community first began to develop after a store was built in Helena Township in 1868 . The settlement that formed around it was initially called Noble . Because it was located at the mouth of Spencer Creek , the community became known as Spencer Creek and received a post office with that name on June 15 , 1869 . After the Pere Marquette Railway came to the town in 1891 , the post office was renamed Alden on July 18 , 1892 , for William Alden Smith , who was an official with the railroad company . Smith later became a congressman and U.S. senator from Michigan . The community of Alden was listed as a newly-organized census-designated place for the 2010 census , meaning it now has officially defined boundaries and population statistics for the first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Be_Cool", "text": "Be Cool is a 2005 American crime-comedy film adapted from Elmore Leonard 's 1999 novel of the same name and the sequel to Leonard 's 1990 novel Get Shorty ( itself adapted into a 1995 film of the same name ) about mobster Chili Palmer 's entrance into the music industry . The film adaptation of Be Cool began production in 2003 . It was directed by F. Gary Gray , produced by Danny DeVito ( who produced and co-starred in the first film ) , and starred John Travolta , reprising his role from the first film . The film opened in March 2005 and was released to video and DVD distribution on June 7 , 2005 . This was Robert Pastorelli 's final film , as he died one year before its theatrical release ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._Elliot_Cameron", "text": "J. Elliot Cameron ( February 9 , 1923 - February 27 , 2011 ) was an American educator and a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Republic_of_Ireland", "text": "Ireland ( Irish : Éire [ ˈeːɾʲə ] ( listen ) ) , also known as the Republic of Ireland ( Poblacht na hÉireann ) , is a country in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland . The capital and largest city is Dublin , which is located on the eastern side of the island . Around a third of the country 's population of 4.9 million people resides in the greater Dublin area . The sovereign state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland , a part of the United Kingdom . It is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the Celtic Sea to the south , St George 's Channel to the south-east , and the Irish Sea to the east . It is a unitary , parliamentary republic . The legislature , the Oireachtas , consists of a lower house , Dáil Éireann , an upper house , Seanad Éireann , and an elected President ( Uachtarán ) who serves as the largely ceremonial head of state , but with some important powers and duties . The head of government is the Taoiseach ( Prime Minister , literally 'Chief ' , a title not used in English ) , who is elected by the Dáil and appointed by the President ; the Taoiseach in turn appoints other government ministers . The state was created as the Irish Free State in 1922 as a result of the Anglo-Irish Treaty . It had the status of Dominion until 1937 when a new constitution was adopted , in which the state was named Ireland and effectively became a republic , with an elected non-executive president as head of state . It was officially declared a republic in 1949 , following the Republic of Ireland Act 1948 . Ireland became a member of the United Nations in December 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Stima", "text": "Western Stima Football Club is a Kenyan football club based in Kakamega . The team play their home games primarily at the Bukhungu Stadium , but also at the Moi Stadium . Western Stima currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League . The team joined the Kenya Premier League in 2008 and was relegated in 2017 , but were promoted back in the 2018 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nairobi_City_Stars", "text": "Nairobi City Stars is an association football club based in Nairobi , Kenya . They currently compete in the second tier Kenyan National Super League . The club was founded in 2001 as Kawangware United then renamed to World Hope Football Club in 2003 following the relegation of the original club . After one season in the Nationwide League , World Hope was promoted back to the Kenyan Premier League . The club was owned by World Hope International , a charitable organization . In October 2008 , the club was bought by Ambassadors in Sport ( AIS Kenya ) , who renamed the club to Nairobi City Stars FC after the 2008 season . The name is after Cleveland City Stars . Musa Otieno , Kenyan international footballer who has also played for Cleveland City Stars was one of the leading figures behind the new club . Nairobi City Stars retained the home ground Hope Centre , located in Kawangware suburb of Nairobi . After the take over Nairobi City Stars was initially coached by German manager Oliver Page , a former Bundesliga player . He resigned from the post-half-season in June 2009 despite good results , citing personal issues After a short while under the new owners , the team reverted to Peter Jabuya who would struggle with the team till March 2019 when the club was fully acquired by Jonathan Jackson Foundation , a community focused setup named after its founder Jonathan Jackson who is a real estate mogul in Kenya and in Europe . Upon the change of hands the new owners roped in online journalist Patrick Korir as the CEO to streamline the clubs operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint_Petersburg", "text": "Saint Petersburg ( Russian : Санкт-Петербу́рг , tr . Sankt-Peterburg , IPA : [ ˈsankt pʲɪtʲɪrˈburk ] ( listen ) ) , formerly and still commonly known as Leningrad ( Russian : Ленинград ) is a city situated on the Neva River , at the head of the Gulf of Finland on the Baltic Sea . It is Russia 's second-largest city after Moscow . With over 5,351,935 million inhabitants as of 2018 , it is the fourth-most populous city in Europe . An important Russian port on the Baltic Sea , it has a status of a federal subject ( a federal city ) . The city was founded by Tsar Peter the Great on 27 May [ O.S . 16 May ] 1703 , on the site of a captured Swedish fortress . It served as a capital of Russian Tsardom and the subsequent Russian Empire from 1713 to 1918 ( being replaced by Moscow for a short period of time between 1728 and 1730 ) . After the October Revolution , the Bolsheviks moved their government to Moscow . In modern times , Saint Petersburg is considered the Northern Capital and serves as a home to some federal government bodies such as the Constitutional Court of Russia and the Heraldic Council of the President of the Russian Federation . It is also a seat for the National Library of Russia and a planned location for the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation . The Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments constitute a UNESCO World Heritage Site , so it 's also referred to as Russia 's Culture Capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kathryn_Brush", "text": "Kathryn Louise Brush FRSC is a Canadian art historian . She is a distinguished professor of art history at the University of Western Ontario , and was the first visual arts professor from the University of Western Ontario to be named a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FIL_World_Luge_Championships_1958", "text": "The FIL World Luge Championships 1958 took place in Krynica , Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DeathSmiles", "text": "Deathsmiles ( デススマイルズ , Desusumairuzu ) is a horizontal side scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game by Japanese developer Cave , released in late 2007 . It is notable for its aesthetic style , featuring heavy occult and gothic influences . It is the second Cave shoot 'em up to be played using a horizontally-oriented monitor ( the first being Progear , followed by Akai Katana ) . It was the first Cave shooter released in North America on a console , and the first one in Europe . Cave has also released it for iOS . A sequel , Deathsmiles II , was released to Japanese arcades on May 14 , 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Felda_United", "text": "FELDA United Football Club is a professional Malaysian football club based in Jengka , Pahang which is owned by Federal Land Development Authority ( FELDA ) . The club currently plays in the top division of Malaysian football , Malaysia Super League , after being crowned the 2018 Malaysia Premier League Champions to be promoted into the Super League . Known as The Fighters among the fans , FELDA United has participated in the Malaysian football league since 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Danni_Boatwright", "text": "Danielle Danni Boatwright Wiegmann ( born July 13 , 1975 ) is an American actress , TV host , model and beauty queen who won $ 1,000,000 on Survivor : Guatemala , the eleventh season of the reality television show Survivor . Boatwright was born in Tonganoxie , Kansas . She represented Kansas at the nationally televised Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants , and is one of the most successful delegates to compete in both competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guerra_de_Titanes_(2003)", "text": "Guerra de Titanes ( 2003 ) ( War of the Titans ) was the seventh Guerra de Titanes professional wrestling show promoted by AAA . The show took place on November 30 , 2003 in Naucalpan , Mexico . The show featured the semi finals and finals of the Televisa Tag Team Tournament which was the teams of David Young and Mr. Águila , Heavy Metal and El Zorro , Latin Lover and Michael Shane and Jason the Terrible and Ghefar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IATA_airport_code", "text": "An IATA airport code , also known as an IATA location identifier , IATA station code or simply a location identifier , is a three-letter geocode designating many airports and metropolitan areas around the world , defined by the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) . The characters prominently displayed on baggage tags attached at airport check-in desks are an example of a way these codes are used . The assignment of these codes is governed by IATA Resolution 763 , and it is administered by the IATA 's headquarters in Montreal . The codes are published semi-annually in the IATA Airline Coding Directory . IATA also provides codes for railway stations and for airport handling entities . A list of airports sorted by IATA code is available . A list of railway station codes , shared in agreements between airlines and rail lines such as Amtrak , SNCF French Railways , and Deutsche Bahn , is available . Many railway administrations have their own list of codes for their stations , such as the list of Amtrak station codes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1955", "text": "Miss World 1955 , the 5th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 20 October 1955 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . 21 contestants competed for the crown . Eunice Gayson crowned Susana Duijm of Venezuela as the new Miss World . The previous year 's Miss World , Antigone Costanda of Egypt , did not attend because of hostilities between Egypt and United Kingdom over Suez Canal . That was the first time Venezuela won the title of Miss World . This was the first time that a winner had been crowned with the crown on her head . Duijm also placed Top 15 in Miss Universe 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Wesley", "text": "Paweł Tomasz Wasilewski ( Polish : [ 'pavɛw vaɕi'lɛfskʲi ] ; born July 23 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Paul Wesley and formerly as Paul Wasilewski , is an American actor , director , and producer . He is perhaps best known for his multiple roles on the drama series The Vampire Diaries as well as his multiple roles on the anthology series Tell Me a Story ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Fox_(musician)", "text": "George Fox ( born March 23 , 1960 ) is a Canadian country/western music singer/songwriter raised in Cochrane , Alberta , the son of cattle ranchers Bert and Gert Fox . His debut single Angelina reached No . 8 on Canadian country music charts . In subsequent years , Goldmine , No Trespassing , Mustang Heart , I Give You My Word , What 's Holding Me and Breakfast Alone would also become top 10 singles and signature songs . He has also written a book of short stories depicting ranch life entitled My First Cow . Awards include the Canadian Country Music Awards 'Male Vocalist Of The Year ' ( 3 times ) and the Juno Awards 'Country Male Vocalist Of The Year ' ( three times ) . George acted as host of the CCMA Awards television show from 1991 to 1994 . In 1995 , his home town of Cochrane named a new street George Fox Trail in his honour . George and his wife Monica live near Ancaster in southern Ontario with their two daughters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_Resources_Institute", "text": "The World Resources Institute ( WRI ) is a global research non-profit organization that was established in 1982 with funding from the MacArthur Foundation under the leadership of James Gustave Speth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Gregory_Waterdrome", "text": "Lake Gregory Waterdrome is an open water aerodrome facility used by seaplanes on Lake Gregory , near the town of Nuwara Eliya in Sri Lanka ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990–91_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1990-91 Iraqi National League was the 17th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . The league title was won by Al-Zawraa for the first time since the 1978-79 season . They also won the Iraq FA Cup to complete the double . At the halfway stage of the season , the Ministry of Defence decided to dissolve all its teams , including Al-Tayaran , Al-Jaish and Al-Bahri . After fan protests , Al-Tayaran were brought back within less than two weeks , but under the new name of Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya ( meaning Air Force ) , which was the name the club had used between 1958 and 1974 . Also at the halfway stage of the season , Erbil withdrew from the competition due to the 1991 uprisings in Iraq , so the Iraq Youth Team was brought in to play the remaining half of the season in their place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey_Devils", "text": "The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark , New Jersey . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The club was founded as the Kansas City Scouts in Kansas City , Missouri , in 1974 . The Scouts moved to Denver , Colorado in 1976 and became the Colorado Rockies . In 1982 , they moved to East Rutherford , New Jersey and took their current name . For their first 25 seasons in New Jersey , the Devils were based at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford and played their home games at Brendan Byrne Arena ( later renamed to Continental Airlines Arena ) . Before the 2007-08 season , the Devils moved to Prudential Center in Newark . The franchise was poor to mediocre in the eight years before moving to New Jersey , a pattern that continued during the first five years in New Jersey as they failed to make the Stanley Cup playoffs and never finished higher than fifth in their division . Their fortunes began to turn around following the hiring of president and general manager Lou Lamoriello in 1987 . Under Lamoriello 's stewardship , the Devils made the playoffs all but three times between 1988 and 2012 , including 13 berths in a row from 1997 to 2010 , and finished with a winning record every season from 1992-93 to 2009-10 . They have won the Atlantic Division regular season title nine times , most recently in 2009-10 , before transferring to the newly created Metropolitan Division as part of the NHL 's realignment in 2013 . The Devils have reached the Stanley Cup Finals five times , winning in 1994-95 , 1999-2000 and 2002-03 , and losing in 2000-01 and 2011-12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/One_Crazy_Summer", "text": "One Crazy Summer is a 1986 romantic comedy film written and directed by Savage Steve Holland , and starring John Cusack , Demi Moore , Bobcat Goldthwait , Curtis Armstrong and Joel Murray . The original film score was composed by Cory Lerios ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eliot_Goldthorp", "text": "Eliot Goldthorp ( born 2000/2001 ) is an English footballer who plays for Matlock Town , on loan from Bradford City , as a midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turks_in_Moldova", "text": "Turks in Moldova are Turkish people who live in Moldova even though having been born outside Moldova , or are Moldovan-born , but have Turkish roots . By Turkish roots , this could mean roots linking back to Turkey , the island of Cyprus or the communities of the Turkish diaspora ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hong_Kong_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The Hong Kong Open is a table tennis event held for the first time in 2018 , as part of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . The event is organised by the Hong Kong Table Tennis Association , under the authority of the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Infrastructure_Minister_of_Israel", "text": "The Ministry of National Infrastructures , Energy and Water Resources ( Hebrew : משרד התשתיות הלאומיות , האנרגיה והמים ) is the Israeli government ministry responsible for energy and water infrastructure . The ministry has changed names several times since its establishment . The ministerial post was established in 1977 , succeeding the position of Development Ministry , which had been scrapped three years earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2005_NFL_season", "text": "The 2005 NFL season was the 86th regular season of the National Football League . Regular season play was held from September 8 , 2005 to January 1 , 2006 . The regular season also saw the first ever regular season game played outside the United States , as well as the New Orleans Saints being forced to play elsewhere due to damage to the Superdome and the entire New Orleans area by Hurricane Katrina . The playoffs began on January 7 . New England 's streak of 10 consecutive playoff wins and chance at a third straight Super Bowl title was ended in the Divisional Playoff Round by the Denver Broncos , and eventually the NFL title was won by the Pittsburgh Steelers , who defeated the Seattle Seahawks 21-10 in Super Bowl XL at Ford Field in Detroit , Michigan on February 5 for their fifth Super Bowl win . This also marked the first time that a sixth-seeded team , who by the nature of their seeding would play every game on the road , would advance to and win the Super Bowl . The season formally concluded with the Pro Bowl , the league 's all-star game , at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu , Hawaii on February 12 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maria_Rooth", "text": "Maria Elisabeth Rooth ( born 2 November 1979 in Ängelholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . She is the only University of Minnesota Duluth women 's hockey player to have her jersey retired above the ice of the Duluth Entertainment Convention Center . Rooth is alternate captain and one of the most experienced players on the Swedish national team , which she has been a part of since 1996 . In 2015 , Rooth was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shepparton_Football_Club", "text": "The Shepparton Football Netball Club , nicknamed the Bears , is an Australian rules football and netball club in the Goulburn Valley Football League . The team , known as the Bears , ( once known as the maroons ) , are based in Shepparton and play their home games at the Deakin Reserve , the premier football ground in the town . They share the ground with the Shepparton United Football Club . Notable past players include St Kilda ruckman Steven King , Geelong midfielder Shannon Byrnes , politician Bill Sykes and former Melbourne player David Code ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rodmond_Roblin", "text": "Sir Rodmond Palen Roblin KCMG ( February 15 , 1853 - February 16 , 1937 ) was a businessman and politician in Manitoba , Canada . Roblin was born in Sophiasburgh , in Prince Edward County , Canada West ( later Ontario ) . The Roblin family was established in Sophiasburgh by Loyalist farmers Philip and Elizabeth Roblin from Smith 's Clove ( now known as Monroe ) in Orange County , New York . He was educated at Albert College in Belleville , arrived in Winnipeg in 1877 , and worked as a grain merchant . Roblin served as reeve of Dufferin for five years and as warden for two , and was also a school trustee in the community . He entered provincial politics in the 1886 Manitoba election , running as a Liberal Party candidate against Conservative cabinet minister David H. Wilson in the constituency of Dufferin North . He lost this race by five votes , but won a subsequent by-election held on May 12 , 1888 . The by-election took place shortly after Thomas Greenway was inaugurated as Manitoba 's first Liberal premier . Roblin was a supporter of Greenway in this period , and was re-elected by acclamation when the new premier called another provincial election for July 1888 . Although Greenway 's Liberals won this election with a landslide majority , the new premier was unable to fulfill a campaign promise for the development of local railways . The Canadian Pacific Railway had lost its formal monopoly in the region , but it was still the dominant line and transportation costs remained high . Confronted with Greenway 's failure , Roblin abandoned the government in 1889 and caucused with the small Conservative opposition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miami_Dolphins", "text": "The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in the Miami metropolitan area . The Dolphins compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) East division . The Dolphins play their home games at Hard Rock Stadium , located in the northern suburb of Miami Gardens , Florida . The Dolphins are the oldest professional sports team in Florida . Of the four AFC East teams , they are the only team in the division that was not a charter member of the American Football League ( AFL ) . The Dolphins were founded by attorney-politician Joe Robbie and actor-comedian Danny Thomas . They began play in the AFL in 1966 . The region had not had a professional football team since the days of the Miami Seahawks , who played in the All-America Football Conference in 1946 , before becoming the first incarnation of the Baltimore Colts . For the first few years , the Dolphins ' full-time training camp and practice facilities were at Saint Andrew 's School , a private boys boarding prep school in Boca Raton . In the 1970 AFL-NFL merger , the Dolphins joined the NFL . The team made its first Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl VI , losing to the Dallas Cowboys , 24-3 . The following year , the Dolphins completed the NFL 's only perfect season , culminating in a Super Bowl win , winning all 14 of their regular season games , and all three of their playoff games , including Super Bowl VII ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Snooker", "text": "Snooker ( pronounced UK : /ˈsnuːkə/ , US : /ˈsnʊkər/ ) is a cue sport that originated among British Army officers stationed in India in the second half of the 19th century . It is played on a rectangular table covered with a green cloth ( or baize ) , with pockets at each of the four corners and in the middle of each long side . Using a cue stick and 21 coloured balls , players must strike the white ball ( or cue ball ) to pot or pocket the remaining balls in the correct sequence , accumulating points for each pot . An individual game ( or frame ) , is won by the player scoring the most points . A match is won when a player wins a predetermined number of frames . Snooker gained its identity in 1875 when army officer Sir Neville Chamberlain ( 1856-1944 ) , stationed in Ooty , Tamil Nadu , devised a set of rules that combined pyramid and black pool . The word snooker was a long-used military term for inexperienced or first-year personnel . The game grew in popularity in the United Kingdom , and the Billiards Association and Control Club was formed in 1919 . It is now governed by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association ( WPBSA ) . The World Snooker Championship has taken place since 1927 . Joe Davis , a key figure in the early growth of the sport , won the championship 15 straight times between 1927 and 1946 . The modern era began in 1969 after the broadcaster BBC commissioned the snooker television show Pot Black and later began to air the World Championship in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cheonan_City_FC", "text": "Cheonan City FC is a South Korean football club based in the city of Cheonan . It was founded in 2008 , and has competed in the Korea National League between 2008 and 2019 . Starting with the 2020 season , the team competes in the K3 League , the third tier of South Korean football league system . The team plays their home games at the 15,500 capacity Cheonan Football Center , built in 2009 , in Baekseok-dong in Cheonan . The team trains in the stadium and on the adjacent pitch that is part of the Cheonan City Sports and Recreation Complex ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Ten_Conference", "text": "The Big Ten Conference ( stylized B1G , formerly the Western Conference and the Big Nine Conference ) is the oldest Division I collegiate athletic conference in the United States . It is based in Rosemont , Illinois . For decades the conference consisted of 10 universities , while the present conference has 14 member institutions . They compete in the NCAA Division I ; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A , the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport . The conference includes the flagship public university in each of 11 states stretching from New Jersey to Nebraska , as well as two additional public land-grant schools and a private university . The Big Ten Conference was established in 1895 when Purdue University president James H. Smart and representatives from the University of Chicago , University of Illinois , University of Michigan , University of Minnesota , Northwestern University , and University of Wisconsin gathered at Chicago 's Palmer House Hotel to set policies aimed at regulating intercollegiate athletics . In 1899 , Indiana University and the University of Iowa joined the conference to increase the membership to nine schools . In 1905 , the conference was officially incorporated as the Intercollegiate Conference of Faculty Representatives . The conference is one of the nation 's oldest , predating the founding of the NCAA by a decade , and was one of the first collegiate conferences to sponsor men 's basketball . Big Ten member institutions are major research universities with large financial endowments and strong academic reputations . All institutions except full member University of Nebraska and associate member Notre Dame are members of the Association of American Universities . Large student enrollment is a hallmark of Big Ten Universities , as 12 of the 14 members feature enrollments of 30,000 or more students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matt_Damon", "text": "Matthew Paige Damon ( /ˈdeɪmən/ ; born October 8 , 1970 ) is an American actor , film producer and screenwriter . He is ranked among Forbes magazine 's most bankable stars and is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time . [ nb 1 ] Damon has received various accolades , including an Academy Award from five nominations , two Golden Globe Awards from eight nominations , and has been nominated for three British Academy Film Awards and seven Emmy Awards . Born and raised in Cambridge , Massachusetts , Damon began his acting career by appearing in high school theater productions . He made his professional acting debut in the film Mystic Pizza ( 1988 ) . He came to prominence in 1997 , when he wrote and starred in Good Will Hunting , alongside Ben Affleck , which won them the Academy and Golden Globe awards for Best Screenplay and earned Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor . He continued to garner praise from critics for his roles as the eponymous character in Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) , the antihero in The Talented Mr. Ripley ( 1999 ) , a fallen angel in Dogma ( 1999 ) and Jay and Silent Bob Reboot ( 2019 ) , an energy analyst in Syriana ( 2005 ) , and a corrupt Irish-American police officer in The Departed ( 2006 ) . In 2019 he starred as race car driver and designer Carroll Shelby in James Mangold 's Ford v Ferrari . Damon is also known for his starring roles as Jason Bourne in the Bourne franchise ( 2002-2016 ) and as a con man in the Ocean 's trilogy ( 2001-2007 ) . For his supporting role as the rugby player Francois Pienaar in Invictus ( 2009 ) and his leading role as an astronaut stranded on Mars in The Martian ( 2015 ) , Damon received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor and Best Actor , respectively . The latter also won him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor . Damon has received Emmy Award nominations for his portrayal of Scott Thorson in the biopic Behind the Candelabra ( 2013 ) and for producing the reality series Project Greenlight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Accident", "text": "An accident is an unplanned event that sometimes has convenient or undesirable consequences , other times being inconsequential . The term implies that such an event may not be preventable since its antecedent circumstances go unrecognized and unaddressed . Most scientists who study unintentional injury avoid using the term accident and focus on factors that increase risk of severe injury and that reduce injury incidence and severity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taipei", "text": "Taipei ( /ˌtaɪˈpeɪ/ ) , officially Taipei City , [ I ] is the capital and a special municipality of Taiwan ( officially the Republic of China , ROC ) . Located in northern Taiwan , Taipei City is an enclave of the municipality of New Taipei City that sits about 25 km ( 16 mi ) southwest of the northern port city Keelung . Most of the city lies on the Taipei Basin , an ancient lakebed . The basin is bounded by the relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers , which join to form the Tamsui River along the city 's western border . The city proper is home to an estimated population of 2,646,204 ( 2019 ) , forming the core part of the Taipei-Keelung metropolitan area , which includes the nearby cities of New Taipei and Keelung with a population of 7,047,559 , the 40th most-populous urban area in the world - roughly one-third of Taiwanese citizens live in the metro district . The name Taipei can refer either to the whole metropolitan area or the city proper . Taipei is the political , economic , educational , and cultural center of Taiwan and one of the major hubs in East Asia . Considered to be a global city and rated as an Alpha City by GaWC , Taipei is part of a major high-tech industrial area . Railways , highways , airports , and bus lines connect Taipei with all parts of the island . The city is served by two airports - Songshan and Taoyuan . Taipei is home to various world-famous architectural or cultural landmarks , which include Taipei 101 , Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall , Dalongdong Baoan Temple , Hsing Tian Kong , Lungshan Temple of Manka , National Palace Museum , Presidential Office Building , Taipei Guest House , Ximending , and several night markets dispersed throughout the city . Natural features such as Maokong , Yangmingshan , and hot springs are also well known to international visitors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leeds", "text": "Leeds is the largest city in the county of West Yorkshire in Northern England , approximately 170 miles north of central London . Leeds has one of the most diverse economies of all the UK 's main employment centres and has seen the fastest rate of private-sector jobs growth of any UK city . It also has the highest ratio of private to public sector jobs of all the UK 's Core Cities , with 77% of its workforce working in the private sector . Leeds has the third-largest jobs total by local authority area , with 480,000 in employment and self-employment at the beginning of 2015 . Leeds is ranked as a High Sufficiency level city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . Leeds is the cultural , financial and commercial heart of the West Yorkshire Urban Area . Leeds is served by five universities , and has the fourth largest student population in the country and the country 's fourth largest urban economy . Leeds was a small manorial borough in the 13th century , and in the 17th and 18th centuries it became a major centre for the production and trading of wool , and in the Industrial Revolution a major mill town ; wool was still the dominant industry , but flax , engineering , iron foundries , printing , and other industries were also important . From being a market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century , Leeds expanded and absorbed the surrounding villages to become a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century . It now lies within the West Yorkshire Urban Area , the United Kingdom 's fourth-most populous urban area , with a population of 2.6 million . Today , Leeds has become the largest legal and financial centre outside London with the financial and insurance services industry worth £13 billion to the city 's economy . The finance and business service sector account for 38% of total output with more than 30 national and international banks located in the city , including an office of the Bank of England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tour_of_Bulgaria", "text": "The Tour of Bulgaria is an annual international professional bicycle race held in Bulgaria that was first staged on 21 August 1924 . It is part of UCI Europe Tour and is category 2.2 . The race covers about 1,500 kilometres and lasts two weeks . As of 2017 , 66 editions were held . The longest length of the race was in 1949 - 1905 km . The course changes every year , but the race has always started in Sofia . In the race , cyclists from more than 40 countries have been competing . During the Cold War , the Tour of Bulgaria was one of the most prestigious cycling races in Europe , drawing skilled cyclists from the countries that traditionally produce strong racers , such as Italy , France and Netherlands . Although after the changes in 1989 the race lost some of its prestige for the cyclists in the peloton , nowadays it becomes more and more attractive for them . For example , in 2010 Francisco Mancebo who finished second in the 2004 Vuelta a España and fourth in the 2005 Tour de France , competed in it but only succeeded to finish third after the Bulgarian Krasimir Vasilev and Ricardo Mestre . In 2017 , the race was split into two three-day races based on geographical location ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kuala_Terengganu", "text": "Kuala Terengganu , often abbreviated as K.T. , is a city , the administrative capital , royal capital and the main economic centre of Terengganu , Malaysia . Kuala Terengganu is also the capital of Kuala Terengganu District . It is also the only royal capital among the nine royal states of the country that bore its state 's name . Kuala Terengganu is located about 440 kilometres northeast of Kuala Lumpur on the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia . The city is situated at the estuary of Terengganu River , facing the South China Sea . As a district , Kuala Terengganu is the smallest in terms of area , but it ( together with the Kuala Nerus District that form the city area ) has the largest population in Terengganu with a population of 406,317 in 2010 . City status was awarded to Kuala Terengganu with the title Bandaraya Warisan Pesisir Air ( English : Waterfront Heritage City ) on 1 January 2008 . Besides being a major political and economic centre to the state , the city is also the main gateway to many of the state 's tourist destinations . The attractions in and around the city include Kampung Cina , Pasar Besar Kedai Payang , Terengganu State Museum , and Batu Buruk Beach . Even though the city is not spared from modernity and development , Kuala Terengganu still retains strong Malay influences that are intermixed with other cultures from its long history as a port ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sabah_FA", "text": "Sabah Football Association ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Sabah ) is a football club that supervises football in the state of Sabah . The association 's football team competes in Malaysia 's football league representing the state of Sabah in Borneo . It is one of the 14 state teams of the Malaysian football structure . They currently compete in Malaysia 's top division professional football league , the Malaysia Super League . The team 's home matches are played at the 35,000 capacity Likas Stadium in Kota Kinabalu , the capital city of Sabah . The team has won the Malaysia FA Cup in 1995 , the Malaysian Premier League ( top tier ) in 1996 , and the Malaysia Premier League ( second tier ) in 2019 . In 1995 , the team also advanced to the second round of the Asian Cup Winners ' Cup after beating An Giang of V-League by 3-1 on aggregate , only to crashing out later to Bellmare Hiratsuka ( current Shonan Bellmare ) of J-League by 1-7 on aggregate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Milkmaid_(Vermeer)", "text": "The Milkmaid ( Dutch : De Melkmeid or Het Melkmeisje ) , sometimes called The Kitchen Maid , is an oil-on-canvas painting of a milkmaid , in fact , a domestic kitchen maid , by the Dutch artist Johannes Vermeer . It is now in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , which regards it as unquestionably one of the museum 's finest attractions . The exact year of the painting 's completion is unknown , with estimates varying by source . The Rijksmuseum estimates it as circa 1658 . According to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , it was painted in about 1657 or 1658 . The Essential Vermeer website gives a broader range of 1658-1661 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Farleton,_Lancashire", "text": "Hornby-with-Farleton is a civil parish in the City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England . It had a population of 729 recorded in the 2001 census , increasing marginally to 730 at the 2011 Census . The parish is about 8.5 miles ( 13.7 km ) north-east of Lancaster and consists of two villages : Hornby and Farleton , both on the A683 road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Summer_Holiday_(1948_film)", "text": "Summer Holiday is a 1948 American musical-comedy film , directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Mickey Rooney and Gloria DeHaven . The picture is based on the play Ah , Wilderness ! ( 1933 ) by Eugene O'Neill , which had been filmed under that name by MGM in 1935 with Rooney in a much smaller role , as the younger brother . Though completed in October 1946 , this film sat on the shelf until 1948 . In addition to Walter Huston , the supporting cast features Frank Morgan as the drunken Uncle Sid , ( a role originated in the stage play by Gene Lockhart , portrayed onscreen by Wallace Beery in 1935 and later by Jackie Gleason on Broadway ) as well as Marilyn Maxwell , Agnes Moorehead , Selena Royle and Anne Francis . One of producer Arthur Freeds MGM musicals , it has beautiful costumes and cinematography that take full advantage of Technicolor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johan_Mjällby", "text": "Karl Johan Siward Mjällby ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈjûːan ˈmjɛ̌lːbʏ ] ; born 9 February 1971 ) is a Swedish football manager in charge of FC Stockholm in the Swedish fourth tier Division 2 . A former player , he made his debut for the national team in 1997 , and played 49 matches scoring 4 goals as a centre back . Mjällby was the team captain during the 2002 World Cup . He also took part in Euro 2000 and Euro 2004 . He has been assistant manager of Bolton Wanderers , working alongside former Celtic team-mate and manager Neil Lennon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WPPR", "text": "WPPR ( 88.3 ) is a public radio station in Demorest , Georgia . Originally , WPPR had the call letters WDEM ( Radio Demorest ) , but changed to WPPR on August 19 , 1996 . It is part of the Georgia Public Broadcasting radio network , which in turn is a member of National Public Radio , Public Radio International , and American Public Media . Unlike many stations of the GPB network , WPPR does not only broadcast simulcasts from GPB . WPPR also produces its own programming about the local area including Habersham County . One of the community features , Community Life in Northeast Georgia , is an educational and informative program about an area that is not well known . WPPR 's studios are located on the Piedmont College campus in Demorest . This allows for Piedmont Mass Communications students to work directly with WPPR as interns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Downton_Abbey", "text": "Downton Abbey is a British historical drama television series set in the early 20th century , created and co-written by Julian Fellowes . The series first aired on ITV in the United Kingdom on 26 September 2010 , and in the United States on PBS , which supported production of the series as part of its Masterpiece Classic anthology , on 9 January 2011 . The series , set in the fictional Yorkshire country estate of Downton Abbey between 1912 and 1926 , depicts the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their domestic servants in the post-Edwardian era - with the great events in history having an effect on their lives and on the British social hierarchy . Events depicted throughout the series include news of the sinking of the Titanic in the first series ; the outbreak of the First World War , the Spanish influenza pandemic , and the Marconi scandal in the second series ; the Irish War of Independence leading to the formation of the Irish Free State in the third series ; the Teapot Dome scandal in the fourth series ; and the British general election of 1923 , and the Beer Hall Putsch in the fifth series . The sixth and final series introduces the rise of the working class during the interwar period and hints at the eventual decline of the British aristocracy . Downton Abbey has received acclaim from television critics and won numerous accolades , including a Golden Globe Award for Best Miniseries or Television Film and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries or Movie . It was recognised by Guinness World Records as the most critically acclaimed English-language television series of 2011 . It earned the most nominations of any international television series in the history of the Primetime Emmy Awards , with twenty-seven in total ( after the first two series ) . It was the most watched television series on both ITV and PBS , and subsequently became the most successful British costume drama series since the 1981 television serial of Brideshead Revisited . On 26 March 2015 , Carnival Films and ITV announced that the sixth series would be the last . It aired on ITV between 20 September 2015 and 8 November 2015 . The final episode , serving as the annual Christmas special , was broadcast on 25 December 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Those_Were_the_Days_(song)", "text": "Those Were the Days is a song credited to Gene Raskin , who put a new English lyric to the Russian romance song Dorogoi dlinnoyu ( Дорогой длинною , literally By the long road ) , composed by Boris Fomin ( 1900-1948 ) with words by the poet Konstantin Podrevsky . It deals with reminiscence upon youth and romantic idealism . Mary Hopkin 's 1968 debut single of Those Were the Days , which was produced by Paul McCartney of the Beatles , became a number one hit on the UK Singles Chart . The song also reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Hey Jude by the Beatles . It was number one in the very first edition of the foreign singles sales chart launched by the Centre d'Information et de Documentation du Disque ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ullensaker/Kisa_IL", "text": "Ullensaker/Kisa IL , commonly referred to as Ull/Kisa , is a Norwegian sports club from Jessheim in Ullensaker . Founded in 1894 , it has sections for association football , team handball and athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Comarca_Lagunera", "text": "The Comarca Lagunera or La Comarca de la Laguna ( region of lagoons ) is a region of northern Mexico occupying large portions of the states of Durango and Coahuila , with rich soils produced by periodic flooding of the Nazas and Aguanaval rivers . Neither river drains into either the Pacific Ocean or the Gulf of Mexico , but rather they created a series of inland lakes . The region was developed for large-scale irrigated cotton agriculture . During the Mexican Revolution , the region was the site of fierce fighting . Following the military phase of the Revolution , the region was part of the agrarian reform under President Lázaro Cárdenas . The dam named for Cárdenas now controls flooding of the rivers , but the groundwater resources are no longer recharged as a result . It is the 8th largest metropolitan area in Mexico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netherlands", "text": "The Netherlands ( Dutch : Nederland , [ ˈneːdərlɑnt ] ( listen ) ) , informally Holland , is a country in Northwestern Europe with some overseas territories in the Caribbean . In Europe , it consists of 12 provinces that border Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , with maritime borders in the North Sea with those countries and the United Kingdom . Together with the Caribbean Netherlands - Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba - it forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . The official language is Dutch and a secondary official language in the province of Friesland is West Frisian . In the north and east of the country , Low Saxon is also spoken , and in the southeast , Limburgish . In the Caribbean Netherlands English and Papiamento are recognised languages . The five largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague , Utrecht and Eindhoven . Amsterdam is the country 's most populous city and nominal capital , while The Hague holds the seat of the States General , Cabinet and Supreme Court . The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest seaport in Europe , and the busiest in any country outside Asia . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the busiest airport in the Netherlands , and the third busiest in Europe . The country is a founding member of the EU , Eurozone , G10 , NATO , OECD and WTO , as well as a part of the Schengen Area and the trilateral Benelux Union . It hosts several intergovernmental organisations and international courts , many of which are centered in The Hague , which is consequently dubbed 'the world 's legal capital ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Penapolense", "text": "Clube Atlético Penapolense , commonly known as Penapolense , is a Brazilian football club based in Penápolis , São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1944_NFL_season", "text": "The 1944 NFL season was the 25th regular season of the United States National Football League . The Boston Yanks joined the league as an expansion team . Also , the Brooklyn Dodgers changed their name to Brooklyn Tigers . Meanwhile , both the Cleveland Rams and the Philadelphia Eagles resumed their traditional operations , while the Pittsburgh Steelers merged with the Chicago Cardinals for this one season due to player shortages as a result of World War II . The combined team , known as Card-Pitt , played three home games in Pittsburgh and two in Chicago , and set the 20th century record for lowest punting average by an NFL team with 32.7 yards per punt . The season is notable in that it featured two winless teams , the only such case in NFL history since 1935 ( when the league stabilized from its early years of revolving door membership , when winless teams were much more common ) as both Brooklyn and Card-Pitt finished 0-10 . Since 1944 , only five teams have had winless seasons in the NFL : the 1960 Dallas Cowboys ( 0-11-1 ) , the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers ( 0-14 ) , the 1982 Baltimore Colts ( 0-8-1 ) the 2008 Detroit Lions ( 0-16 ) , and the 2017 Cleveland Browns ( 0-16 ) . In the case of the Colts , the season was shortened due to a league-wide players strike , while the Cowboys and Buccaneers were both expansion teams . The season ended when the Green Bay Packers defeated the New York Giants in the NFL Championship Game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PWTC_LRT_station", "text": "PWTC LRT station is an LRT station in Kuala Lumpur that is served by the RapidKL Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line . PWTC stands for Putra World Trade Center which is a main convention and exhibition centre in Kuala Lumpur . PWTC has become the preferred venue for local and international conventions , concerts and other prestigious events in Malaysia . The station is located at Kuala Lumpur 's Golden Triangle and only 45 minutes from Kuala Lumpur International Airport ( KLIA ) and within easy walking distant of a mall , restaurants , entertainment centres and 3 - 5 star hotels . Also , about a 400-metre walk from the station , there is the KA04 Putra Komuter station served by the Seremban Line and Port Klang Line . Sunway Putra Mall shopping complex is located right next to the station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Megawatt", "text": "The watt ( symbol : W ) is a unit of power . In the International System of Units ( SI ) it is defined as a derived unit of 1 joule per second , and is used to quantify the rate of energy transfer . In SI base units , the watt is described as k g m 2 s − 3 { \\displaystyle kg\\ , m^ { 2 } s^ { -3 } } , which can be demonstrated to coherent by dimensional analysis . The watt is named after James Watt , an 18th century scottish inventor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Heath", "text": "Albert Tootie Heath ( born May 31 , 1935 ) is an American jazz hard bop drummer , the brother of tenor saxophonist Jimmy Heath and the double-bassist Percy Heath . He first recorded in 1957 with John Coltrane . From 1958 to 1974 he worked with , among others , J. J. Johnson , Wes Montgomery , Art Farmer and Benny Golson 's Jazztet , Cedar Walton , Bobby Timmons , Kenny Drew , Sonny Rollins , Dexter Gordon , Johnny Griffin , Herbie Hancock , Friedrich Gulda , Nina Simone , and Yusef Lateef . In 1975 , he , Jimmy and Percy formed the Heath Brothers . He remained with the group until 1978 , then left to freelance . He has recorded extensively throughout his career . Among his many workshop and classroom teaching assignments , Tootie Heath is a regular instructor at the Stanford Jazz Workshop . Tootie Heath is now the producer and leader of The Whole Drum Truth , a jazz drum ensemble featuring Ben Riley , Ed Thigpen , Jackie Williams , Billy Hart , Charlie Persip , Leroy Williams and Louis Hayes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Strider_(arcade_game)", "text": "Strider , released in Japan as Strider Hiryū ( ストライダー飛竜 , Sutoraidā Hiryū ) , is a 1989 side-scrolling action platformer developed and released for the CP System arcade hardware by Capcom . Strider is a hack and slash platformer set in a dystopian future in the year 2048 and features a wide range of settings that dramatically affect gameplay . Strider marked the video game debut of Hiryu , a member of a secret group of ninjas known as the Striders shortly after the character 's 1988 debut as the main character in a manga titled Strider Hiryu . Hiryu went on to become the main protagonist of a long-running series of video games and one of Capcom 's most popular characters . The arcade game is part of a three-way cooperation between Capcom and manga publisher Moto Kikaku , which also includes a manga book and an NES video game . Ports for the Amiga , Amstrad CPC , Atari ST , Commodore 64 , IBM PC compatibles , and ZX Spectrum were developed by Tiertex and published by U.S. Gold in 1989 . Sega ported Strider to its own Genesis console in 1990 to wide acclaim . Of all home versions , the Genesis adaptation is considered the most successful , winning the 1990 Video Game of the Year and Best Graphics in a Video Game awards from Electronic Gaming Monthly and being featured in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die . Strider 's innovative , fast-paced gameplay is cited as a major influence on several popular video game franchises such as Ninja Gaiden , Devil May Cry and God of War . It became one of Capcom 's early big hits prior to Street Fighter II , hailed for its innovative gameplay , diverse and unique music , and multilingual voice samples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wild_Things_Park", "text": "Wild Things Park is a 3,200-seat multi-purpose baseball stadium in North Franklin Township , a suburb of Washington , Pennsylvania . It hosted its first regular season baseball game on May 29 , 2002 , as the primary tenants of the facility , the Washington Wild Things , lost to the Canton Coyotes , 3-0 . The ballpark also hosts the California University of Pennsylvania Vulcans baseball team . It was the home of the Pennsylvania Rebellion of the National Pro Fastpitch , a women 's professional softball league , until 2017 when the team folded . It also hosts Trinity High School 's baseball team and the WPIAL Baseball Championships . It was briefly the home of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds soccer club ( who now play at Highmark Stadium ) during the 2005 and 2006 seasons . Wild Things Park is located near Interstate 70 and is notable for including a hot tub in the viewing stands . ProGrass Synthetic Turf was installed in the fall of 2010 . The stadium was known as Falconi Field until April 12 , 2007 , when Consol Energy and Washington County Family Entertainment entered a naming rights partnership to rename the complex CONSOL Energy Park . Consol Energy has let the naming rights deal expire as of January 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Thompson", "text": "Samuel Luther Big Sam Thompson ( March 5 , 1860 - November 7 , 1922 ) was an American professional baseball player from 1884 to 1898 and with a brief comeback in 1906 . At 6 feet , 2 inches , the Indiana native was one of the larger players of his day and was known for his prominent handlebar mustache . He played as a right fielder in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Wolverines ( 1885-1888 ) , Philadelphia Phillies ( 1889-1898 ) and Detroit Tigers ( 1906 ) . He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1974 . Thompson had a .331 career batting average and was one of the most prolific run producers in baseball history . His career run batted in ( RBI ) to games played ratio of .923 ( 1,305 RBIs in 1,410 games ) remains the highest in major league history . In 1895 , Thompson averaged 1.44 RBIs per game , and his 166 RBIs in 1887 ( in only 127 games ) remained the major league record until 1921 when Babe Ruth collected 168 ( albeit in 152 games ) . Thompson still holds the major league record for most RBIs in a single month with 61 in August 1894 while playing for the Phillies . Manager Bill Watkins in 1922 called Thompson the greatest natural hitter of all time . Defensively , Thompson was known to have one of the strongest arms of any outfielder in the early decades of the game . He still ranks among the all-time major league leaders with 61 double plays from the outfield ( 16th all time ) and 283 outfield assists ( 12th all time ) . Thompson also had good speed on the base paths and , in 1889 , he became the first major league player to reach 20 home runs and 20 stolen bases in the same season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Massachusetts_Dartmouth", "text": "The University of Massachusetts Dartmouth ( UMass Dartmouth or UMassD ) is a public university in Dartmouth , Massachusetts . It is one of five campuses and operating subdivisions of the University of Massachusetts . Formerly Southeastern Massachusetts University , it was merged into the University of Massachusetts system in 1991 . The campus has an overall student body of 8,647 students ( school year 2016-2017 ) , including 6,999 undergraduates and 1,648 graduate/law students . As of the 2017 academic year , UMass Dartmouth had 399 full-time faculty on staff . The university also includes the University of Massachusetts School of Law"}
{"title": "/wiki/Birmingham,_United_Kingdom", "text": "Birmingham ( /ˈbɜːmɪŋəm/ ( listen ) BUR-ming-əm ) is a major city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands , England . It is the second-largest city and metropolitan area in England and the United Kingdom , [ b ] with roughly 1.1 million inhabitants within the city area and 3.8 million inhabitants within the metropolitan area . Birmingham is commonly referred to as the second city of the United Kingdom . Located in the West Midlands county and region in England , approximately 100 miles ( 160 km ) from Central London , Birmingham , as one of the United Kingdom 's major cities , is considered to be the social , cultural , financial , and commercial centre of both the East and West Midlands . Distinctively , Birmingham only has small rivers flowing through it , mainly the River Tame and its tributaries River Rea and River Cole - one of the closest main rivers is the Severn , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) west of the city centre . Birmingham 's urban area is the second-largest in the United Kingdom , with its most recently estimated population in 2017 being 2,897,303 , and it also lies within the most populated English district . A market town in the medieval period , Birmingham grew in the 18th-century Midlands Enlightenment and subsequent Industrial Revolution , which saw advances in science , technology , and economic development , producing a series of innovations that laid many of the foundations of modern industrial society . By 1791 it was being hailed as the first manufacturing town in the world . Birmingham 's distinctive economic profile , with thousands of small workshops practising a wide variety of specialised and highly skilled trades , encouraged exceptional levels of creativity and innovation and provided an economic base for prosperity that was to last into the final quarter of the 20th century . The Watt steam engine was invented in Birmingham . The resulting high level of social mobility also fostered a culture of political radicalism which , under leaders from Thomas Attwood to Joseph Chamberlain , was to give it a political influence unparalleled in Britain outside London , and a pivotal role in the development of British democracy . From the summer of 1940 to the spring of 1943 , Birmingham was bombed heavily by the German Luftwaffe in what is known as the Birmingham Blitz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burton_C._Cook", "text": "Burton Chauncey Cook ( May 11 , 1819 - August 18 , 1894 ) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gerhard_Zadrobilek", "text": "Gerhard Zadrobilek ( born 23 June 1961 in Breitenfurt bei Wien ) is an Austrian former professional road bicycling racer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Beyblade:_Metal_Masters_episodes", "text": "Beyblade : Metal Masters , known in Japan as Metal Fight Beyblade Explosion ( メタルファイト ベイブレード 爆 , Metaru Faito Beiburēdo Bakuhatsu ) , is the 2010 sequel to the anime television series Beyblade : Metal Fusion . Like its predecessor , Beyblade : Metal Masters is based on Takafumi Adachi 's manga series Beyblade : Metal Fusion , which itself is based on the Beyblade spinning top game from Takara Tomy . The 51-episode series was produced by d-rights and Nelvana under the direction of Kunihisa Sugishima . The series was first broadcast on TV Tokyo in Japan between April 4 , 2010 and March 27 , 2011 . The English series with English opening in Australia on Cartoon Network July 25 , 2011 , later on Network Ten on November 8 , 2011 at 7:30 am and United States on Cartoon Network on August 20 , 2011 at 10:30 am . On Canada on YTV September 10 , 2011 at 11:30 am . This series began in Finland on MTV3 November 12 , 2011 and finished on August 25 , 2012 broadcasting every Saturday at 10:45 am . However , the previous series Beyblade : Metal Fusion was entirely skipped . It is presented with a Finnish dub . Latin America had sneak preview on July 7 , 2012 at 8 am and August 24 , 2012 on Disney XD and premiered September 3 , 2012 at 1:30 pm , and Brazil had sneak preview on August 12 , 2012 at 9 pm and premiered September 3 , 2012 on Disney XD . Two pieces of theme music were used for the opening and closing themes . The opening theme is Galaxy Heart ( ギャラクシーハート , Gyarakushī Hāto ) performed by YU+KI , and the ending theme is It Goes Over the Sky ( 大空を越えてゆけ , Ōzora wo Koete Yuke ) , performed by Odoriba Soul ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Gravatt_Australian_Football_Club", "text": "Mount Gravatt Australian Football Club , is a Brisbane based club which competed in the North East Australian Football League competition from 2011-2013 and as of 2014 is a member club of the Queensland Australian Football League. , formed in 1964 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honda_in_Formula_One", "text": "Honda has participated in Formula One , as an entrant , constructor and engine supplier , for various periods since 1964 . Honda 's involvement in Formula One began with the 1964 season , and in 1965 they achieved their first victory at the Mexican Grand Prix . After further success with John Surtees , Honda withdrew at the end of the 1968 season due to difficulties selling road cars in the United States and Honda driver Jo Schlesser 's fatal accident . Honda returned in 1983 as an engine supplier , which started a very successful period for Honda . After winning races in 1984 and 1985 , Honda won the Constructors ' Championship every year between 1986 and 1991 with Williams and McLaren , and the Drivers ' Championship every year from 1987 to 1991 with Nelson Piquet , Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost . Honda withdrew at the end of 1992 after having achieved their targets . Honda returned again in 2000 , providing engines for British American Racing ( BAR ) . BAR-Honda finished second in the Constructors ' Championship in 2004 , and by the end of 2005 Honda had bought out the BAR team , which became the Honda team for 2006 . After a good 2006 season where Jenson Button won the Hungarian Grand Prix , Honda announced in December 2008 that they would be exiting Formula One with immediate effect due to the global financial crisis , following two difficult seasons in 2007 and 2008 . In May 2013 , Honda announced their intention to return to the sport in the 2015 season under a works agreement with McLaren to supply power units . The first iterations of the Honda engines proved to be uncompetitive , and Honda spent their first three years under the harsh scrutiny of the public eye as they developed their power unit . McLaren and Honda split after three years , Toro Rosso however , agreed to use Honda engines for the 2018 season as a works outfit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dietmar_Mögenburg", "text": "Dietmar Mögenburg ( born 15 August 1961 ) is a ( West ) German former high jumper who won gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and at the 1982 European Championships in Athens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Revesby,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Revesby , a suburb of local government area Canterbury-Bankstown Council , is located 22 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district , in the state of New South Wales , Australia , and is a part of the South-western Sydney region . Revesby is mostly a residential suburb , which was developed as part of Sydney 's post-war urban sprawl , and contains many modest freestanding bungalows built from asbestos cement sheeting ( fibro ) . Revesby is bounded on the north by Canterbury Road and the suburbs of Bankstown and Condell Park , on the south by Revesby Heights and Picnic Point , on the Georges River , on the west by Panania , and on the east by Padstow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennis_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_indoor_doubles", "text": "The indoor men 's doubles was one of six lawn tennis events on the Tennis at the 1908 Summer Olympics programme ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ballymore_Group", "text": "Ballymore Group is an Ireland-based international property development company . The majority of the Company 's employees and business activities are located in the UK ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darwin,_Northern_Territory", "text": "Darwin ( /ˈdɑːrwɪn/ ( listen ) DAR-win ) is the capital city of the Northern Territory of Australia , situated on the Timor Sea . It is the largest city in the sparsely populated Northern Territory , with a population of 148,564 . It is the smallest , wettest and most northerly of the Australian capital cities , and acts as the Top End 's regional centre . Darwin 's proximity to South East Asia makes it a link between Australia and countries such as Indonesia and East Timor . The Stuart Highway begins in Darwin , extends southerly across central Australia through Tennant Creek and Alice Springs , concluding in Port Augusta , South Australia . The city is built upon a low bluff overlooking the harbour . Its suburbs begin at Lee Point in the north and stretch to Berrimah in the east . Past Berrimah , the Stuart Highway goes on to Darwin 's satellite city Palmerston and its suburbs . The Darwin region , like much of the Top End , experiences a tropical climate with a wet and dry season . A period known locally as the build up leading up to Darwin 's wet season sees temperature and humidity increase . Darwin 's wet season typically arrives in late November to early December and brings with it heavy monsoonal downpours , spectacular lightning displays , and increased cyclone activity . During the dry season , the city has clear skies and mild sea breezes from the harbour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicolien_Sauerbreij", "text": "Nicolien Sauerbreij ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈnikoːˌlin ˈsʌuwərˌbrɛi̯ ] , born 31 July 1979 ) is a Dutch professional snowboarder . She won seven World Cup races and ranked first in the parallel giant slalom standings of the 2007-2008 and the 2009-2010 World Cup . She competed in the Winter Olympic Games of 2002 , 2006 and won the gold medal in the women 's parallel giant slalom in the 2010 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Defensive_tackle", "text": "A defensive tackle ( DT ) is typically the largest and strongest of the defensive players in American football . The defensive tackle typically lines up opposite one of the offensive guards . Depending on a team 's individual defensive scheme , a defensive tackle may be called upon to fill several different roles . These roles may include merely holding the point of attack by refusing to be moved or penetrating a certain gap between offensive linemen to break up a play in the opponent 's backfield . If a defensive tackle reads a pass play , his primary responsibility is to pursue the quarterback , or simply knock the pass down at the line if it is within arm 's reach . Other responsibilities of the defensive tackle may be to pursue the screen pass or drop into coverage in a zone blitz scheme . In a traditional 4-3 defense , there is no nose tackle . Instead there is a left and right defensive tackle . Some teams , especially in the National Football League ( NFL ) , do have a nose tackle in this scheme , but most of them do not ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Theory_of_a_Deadman", "text": "Theory of a Deadman ( abbreviated as Theory or TOAD ) is a Canadian rock band from Delta , British Columbia . Formed in 2001 , the band is currently signed to Roadrunner Records as well as 604 Records . The band also includes traits of other music styles , such as country and acoustic , as well as their post-grunge and alternative rock base . They have had eight top 10 hits on the US Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart , including three No . 1 hits , Bad Girlfriend , Lowlife and Rx ( Medicate ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Capital_city", "text": "A capital or capital city is the municipality exercising primary status in a country , state , province , or other administrative region , usually as its seat of government . A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the government 's offices and meeting places ; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution . In some jurisdictions , including several countries , the different branches of government are located in different settlements . In some cases , a distinction is made between the official ( constitutional ) capital and the seat of government , which is in another place . Capital cities that also serve as the prime economic , population , cultural , or intellectual centres of a nation or an empire are sometimes referred to as primate cities . Examples are Athens , Bangkok , Brussels , Copenhagen , Cairo , London , Mexico City , Paris , Lima , Seoul and Tokyo . News media often use the name of a capital city as an alternative name for the country of which it is the capital or of the government that is seated there , as a form of metonymy . For example , relations between Washington and London refer to relations between the United States and the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Royal_Collection", "text": "The Royal Collection of the British Royal family is the largest private art collection in the world . Spread among 13 occupied and historic royal residences in the United Kingdom , the collection is owned by Elizabeth II and overseen by the Royal Collection Trust . The Queen owns some of the collection in right of the Crown and some as a private individual . It is made up of over one million objects , including 7,000 paintings , over 150,000 works on paper , this including 30,000 watercolours and drawings , and about 450,000 photographs , as well as tapestries , furniture , ceramics , textiles , carriages , weapons , armour , jewellery , clocks , musical instruments , tableware , plants , manuscripts , books , and sculptures . Some of the buildings which house the collection , like Hampton Court Palace , are open to the public and not lived in by the Royal Family , whilst others , like Windsor Castle and Kensington Palace , are both residences and open to the public . The Queen 's Gallery at Buckingham Palace in London was built specially to exhibit pieces from the collection on a rotating basis . There is a similar art gallery next to the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh , and a Drawings Gallery at Windsor Castle . The Crown Jewels are on public display in the Jewel House at the Tower of London . About 3,000 objects are on loan to museums throughout the world , and many others are lent on a temporary basis to exhibitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mario_Bros.", "text": "Mario Bros. [ a ] is a platform game published and developed for arcades by Nintendo in 1983 . It was created by Shigeru Miyamoto . It has been featured as a minigame in all of the Super Mario Advance series and numerous other games . Mario Bros. has been re-released for the Wii 's , Nintendo 3DS 's , and Wii U 's Virtual Console services in Japan , North America , Europe and Australia . It has also been re-released through Nintendo Switch Online . In the game , Mario is portrayed as an Italian-American plumber who , along with his brother Luigi , has to defeat creatures that have been coming from the sewers . The gameplay focuses on Mario and Luigi exterminating the creatures by flipping them on their backs and kicking them away . The original versions of Mario Bros. - the arcade version and the Family Computer/Nintendo Entertainment System ( FC/NES ) version - were received positively by critics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IAM_Cycling", "text": "IAM Cycling was a Swiss registered UCI WorldTour cycling team , managed by former French road race champion Serge Beucherie . The title sponsor was IAM Independent Asset Management SA , a Swiss investment management company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1901_Italian_Football_Championship", "text": "The 1901 Italian Football Championship season was won by Milan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016–17_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 2016 NFL season began on Saturday , January 7 , 2017 . The postseason tournament concluded with Super Bowl LI on Sunday , February 5 , 2017 , when the New England Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons at NRG Stadium in Houston , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Astoria,_Oregon", "text": "Astoria is a port city and the seat of Clatsop County , Oregon , United States . Founded in 1811 , Astoria is the oldest city in the state of Oregon and was the first American settlement west of the Rocky Mountains . Astoria is located on the south shore of the Columbia River , where the river meets the Pacific Ocean . The city is named for John Jacob Astor , an investor from New York City whose American Fur Company founded Fort Astoria at the site . Astoria was incorporated by the Oregon Legislative Assembly on October 20 , 1876 . The city is served by the deepwater Port of Astoria . Transportation includes the Astoria Regional Airport with U.S. Route 30 and U.S. Route 101 as the main highways , and the 4.1-mile ( 6.6 km ) Astoria-Megler Bridge connecting to neighboring Washington across the river . The population was 9,477 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Steelers", "text": "The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) North division . Founded in 1933 , the Steelers are the seventh-oldest franchise in the NFL , and they are the oldest franchise in the AFC . In contrast with their status as perennial also-rans in the pre-merger NFL , where they were the oldest team never to have won a league championship , the Steelers of the post-merger ( modern ) era are among the most successful NFL franchises . The team is tied with the New England Patriots for the most Super Bowl titles at six , and they have both played in ( 16 times ) and hosted ( 11 times ) more conference championship games than any other team in the NFL . The Steelers have also won eight AFC championships , tied with the Denver Broncos , but behind the Patriots ' record 11 AFC championships . The team is tied with the Broncos and Dallas Cowboys for the second-most Super Bowl appearances with eight . They lost their most recent championship appearance , Super Bowl XLV , on February 6 , 2011 . The Steelers , whose history may be traced to a regional pro team that was established in the early 1920s , joined the NFL as the Pittsburgh Pirates on July 8 , 1933 . The team was owned by Art Rooney and took its original name from the baseball team of the same name , as was common practice for NFL teams at the time . To distinguish them from the baseball team , local media took to calling the football team the Rooneymen , an unofficial nickname that persisted for decades after the team had adopted its current nickname . The ownership of the Steelers has remained within the Rooney family since the organization 's founding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benjamin_Britten", "text": "Edward Benjamin Britten , Baron Britten OM CH ( 22 November 1913 - 4 December 1976 ) was an English composer , conductor , and pianist . He was a central figure of 20th-century British classical music , with a range of works including opera , other vocal music , orchestral and chamber pieces . His best-known works include the opera Peter Grimes ( 1945 ) , the War Requiem ( 1962 ) and the orchestral showpiece The Young Person 's Guide to the Orchestra ( 1945 ) . Born in Lowestoft , Suffolk , the son of a dentist , Britten showed talent from an early age . He studied at the Royal College of Music in London and privately with the composer Frank Bridge . Britten first came to public attention with the a cappella choral work A Boy was Born in 1934 . With the premiere of Peter Grimes in 1945 , he leapt to international fame . Over the next 28 years , he wrote 14 more operas , establishing himself as one of the leading 20th-century composers in the genre . In addition to large-scale operas for Sadler 's Wells and Covent Garden , he wrote chamber operas for small forces , suitable for performance in venues of modest size . Among the best known of these is The Turn of the Screw ( 1954 ) . Recurring themes in his operas include the struggle of an outsider against a hostile society and the corruption of innocence . Britten 's other works range from orchestral to choral , solo vocal , chamber and instrumental as well as film music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MicroProse", "text": "MicroProse Software Inc. was an American video game publisher and developer founded by Bill Stealey and Sid Meier in 1982 . It developed and published numerous games , many of which are regarded as groundbreaking , classics and cult titles , including starting the Civilization and X-COM series . Most of their internally developed titles were vehicle simulation and strategy games . In 1993 , the company lost most of their UK-based personnel and became a subsidiary of Spectrum HoloByte . Subsequent cuts and corporate policies led to Sid Meier , Jeff Briggs and Brian Reynolds leaving and forming Firaxis Games in 1996 , as MicroProse closed its ex-Simtex development studio in Austin , Texas . In 1998 , following an unsuccessful buyout attempt by GT Interactive Software , the struggling MicroProse ( Spectrum HoloByte ) became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive and its development studios in Alameda , California and Chapel Hill , North Carolina were closed the following year . In 2001 , MicroProse ceased to exist as an entity and Hasbro Interactive sold the MicroProse intellectual properties to Infogrames Entertainment , SA . MicroProse UK 's former main office in Chipping Sodbury was closed in 2002 , followed by the company 's former headquarters in Hunt Valley , Maryland in 2003 . The brand was revived in 2007 when Interactive Game Group acquired it from Atari Interactive , formerly Infogrames . The MicroProse brand was licensed to the Legacy Engineering Group for consumer electronics . Cybergun owned the MicroProse brand from 2010 to 2018 , which was then acquired by David Lagettie working with Stealey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kangerlussuaq_Fjord", "text": "Kangerlussuaq Fjord ( old spelling : Kangerdlugssuaq , Danish : Søndre Strømfjord ) is a long fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland . The fjord is 190 km ( 120 mi ) long and between 1.5 km ( 0.93 mi ) and 8 km ( 5.0 mi ) wide , flowing from the estuary of Qinnguata Kuussua river to the southwest , and emptying into the Davis Strait . It is the longest fjord of western Greenland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_of_Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Wars:_The_Force_Awakens", "text": "Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens ) is a 2015 American space opera film produced , co-written and directed by J. J. Abrams . It is the first installment in the Star Wars sequel trilogy , following the story of Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) , and is the seventh episode of the nine-part Skywalker saga . It was produced by Lucasfilm and Abrams 's production company Bad Robot Productions , and was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . The film 's ensemble cast includes Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Lupita Nyong ' o , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Anthony Daniels , Peter Mayhew , and Max von Sydow . Set 30 years after Return of the Jedi , The Force Awakens follows Rey , Finn , Poe Dameron , and Han Solo 's search for Luke Skywalker and their fight in the Resistance , led by General Leia Organa and veterans of the Rebel Alliance , against Kylo Ren and the First Order , a successor to the Galactic Empire . The film was announced after The Walt Disney Company 's acquisition of Lucasfilm in October 2012 , and was the first Star Wars film to not extensively involve franchise creator George Lucas , who only served as a creative consultant in the early stages . The film was produced by Abrams , his longtime collaborator Bryan Burk , and Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy . Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan , co-writer of the original trilogy films The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) and Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) , rewrote an initial script by Michael Arndt . John Williams , the composer for the previous six films , returned to compose the film 's score . Filming began in April 2014 in Abu Dhabi and Iceland , with principal photography also taking place in Ireland and at Pinewood Studios in England , and wrapped in November 2014 . The Force Awakens was widely anticipated , and Disney backed the film with extensive marketing campaigns . It premiered in Los Angeles on December 14 , 2015 , before its wide release in the United States on December 18 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johnny_Bravo", "text": "Johnny Bravo is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for Cartoon Network , and the second of the network 's Cartoon Cartoons , which aired from July 14 , 1997 , to August 27 , 2004 . The series centers on the title character , a sunglasses-wearing , muscular young man who tries to get women to date him , though he is usually unsuccessful . He ends up in bizarre situations and predicaments , often accompanied by celebrity guest characters such as Donny Osmond or Adam West . Throughout its run , the show was known for its adult humor and pop culture references . Johnny himself is loosely based on Elvis Presley . Partible pitched the series to Hanna-Barbera 's animation showcase What a Cartoon ! , basing it on his senior thesis project he produced while attending Loyola Marymount University . A pilot short aired on Cartoon Network in 1995 . The series was renewed for a second season in 1999 , during which Partible left and the show was retooled under the direction of Kirk Tingblad . In 2003 , Partible returned for the series ' fourth season , restoring it to its original format and style . A total of four seasons and 67 episodes have aired . The first three seasons were produced by Hanna-Barbera Cartoons , and the fourth season was produced by Cartoon Network Studios . Johnny Bravo was nominated for four Annie Awards , one YoungStar Award , and two Golden Reel Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six_3:_Black_Arrow", "text": "Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 : Raven Shield is a 2003 video game developed and published by Ubisoft . Released on March 18 , 2003 , the Rainbow Six video game series is based on Tom Clancy 's novel of the same name . Based on the Unreal Engine 2.0 , Raven Shield is a tactical shooter with realistic properties . Raven Shield moved toward mainstream first-person shooters like Counter-Strike , adapting various features absent in previous versions . These included the ability to see one 's weapon while in the first-person view , many new weapons and upgrades ( including larger magazines and sights ) , and a redesigned multiplayer . A console version , entitled Rainbow Six 3 , was developed for the Xbox , PlayStation 2 , and Nintendo GameCube . This iteration of the game features the same basic engine , models , textures , and artwork , but with significantly different game mechanics , gameplay , and storyline . A port was also released on Mac OS X on December 19 , 2003 . Due to the console version 's success on the Xbox and the popularity of its subscription-based online multiplayer service , Xbox Live , an Xbox-exclusive semi-sequel was released in 2004 titled Rainbow Six 3 : Black Arrow . The next full game in the Rainbow Six series , Rainbow Six : Lockdown , was released in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tochigi_Uva_FC", "text": "Tochigi City Football Club ( 栃木シティフットボールクラブ ) is a Japanese football club based in Tochigi Prefecture . The club was formed in 1947 as Hitachi Tochigi Soccer Club , the works team of the local Hitachi , Ltd. affiliate . In 2002 it adopted the moniker Uva ( meaning grape in Italian , Portuguese and Spanish ) , after the vineyards of its home area , southern Tochigi Prefecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego", "text": "San Diego ( /ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/ , Spanish : [ san ˈdjeɣo ] ; Spanish for Saint Didacus ) is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean , approximately 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico . With an estimated population of 1,425,976 as of July 1 , 2018 , San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California . It is part of the San Diego-Tijuana conurbation , the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the U.S. and a bordering country after Detroit-Windsor , with a population of 4,922,723 people . The city is known for its mild year-round climate , natural deep-water harbor , extensive beaches , long association with the United States Navy , and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center . San Diego has been called the birthplace of California . Historically home to the Kumeyaay people , it was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States . Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542 , Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain , forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later . The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá , founded in 1769 , formed the first European settlement in what is now California . In 1821 , San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire , which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later . California became part of the United States in 1848 following the Mexican-American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850 . The city is the seat of San Diego County and is the economic center of the region as well as the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area . San Diego 's main economic engines are military and defense-related activities , tourism , international trade , and manufacturing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Costume_Quest", "text": "Costume Quest is a party-based role-playing video game developed by Double Fine Productions and published by THQ . In the game , the player controls a kid that is trick-or-treating with their twin on Halloween night when they encounter a monster that kidnaps the sibling . The player must travel around the local neighborhood collecting items for their costume , candy and fellow children as companions in order to face the monster and rescue the sibling . The costume aspects are used in battle segments , where the player character and companions are transformed into the monsters and creatures they are dressed as to fight other monsters . The sequel , Costume Quest 2 , was released in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dekada_'70_(film)", "text": "Dekada '70 ( lit . The 70s ) is a 2002 Filipino drama film released based on the acclaimed novel by Filipino author , Lualhati Bautista . The film was restored by the ABS-CBN Film Archive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guiyang", "text": "Guiyang is the capital of Guizhou province of Southwest China . It is located in the center of the province , situated on the east of the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau , and on the north bank of the Nanming River , a branch of the Wu River . The city has an elevation of about 1,100 meters ( 3,600 ft ) . It has an area of 8,034 square kilometers ( 3,102 sq mi ) . At the 2010 census , its population was 4,324,561 , out of whom 3,037,159 lived in the 7 urban districts . A city with humid subtropical climate , Guiyang is surrounded by mountains and forest . The area , inhabited since at least the Spring and Autumn period , formally became the capital of the surrounding province in 1413 , during the Yuan dynasty . The city is home to a large Miao and Bouyei ethnic minority population . Guiyang has a diversified economy , traditionally a center for aluminum production , phosphate mining , and optical instrument manufacturing ; however , following reforms , the majority of the city 's economic output in the services sector . Since 2015 , it has seen targeted investments into big data and quickly emerged as a local innovation hub ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1987_(song)", "text": "1987 is a song written by Uruguayan musician and producer Juan Campodónico , co-written and interpreted by Jorge Drexler . The song is part of the first studio album by Campo , a music collective founded and led by Juan Campodónico . It was recorded in 2011 , produced by Juan Campodónico and Gustavo Santaolalla ( both members of the band Bajofondo ) . 1987 also features in a video directed by Matías Paparamborda and Martin Rivero , where Juan Campodónico is shown as an astronaut with space images , and playing instruments with Veronica Loza , Martin Rivero and Jorge Drexler playing guitar . The song won the 1987 Graffiti Award for best video . It was nominated for the Latin Grammy Awards in the category of best alternative song in 2012 , and for best song for the MTV Europe . The song is usually performed by Juan Campodónico in his live performances ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geoff_Saunders", "text": "Geoffrey Boothby Geoff Saunders ( born 25 January 1929 ) is an English former cross country runner . He represented England four times at the International Cross Country Championships from 1949 to 1952 and was the winner of the race in 1951 , leading England to the team gold . He shared in the minor team medals in his other three outings . He grew up around the Lake District , having moved the due to wartime evacuation . He took up cross country running there and attended Repton School . He ran for Derby & County Athletic Club before moving to Bolton at the age of seventeen , as his father began working as a doctor there , and joined Bolton Harriers . He joined the army , rising to lieutenant , and he won army running titles on the track and in cross country . He retired from the sport in 1953 at the age of 24 as his job at a chemists required him to work weekends . At the International Cross Country Championships he was England 's top finisher in fifth in 1949 , leading the English men ( including Frank Aaron and Len Eyre ) to second in the team rankings behind France . He dropped to 14th the following year , with Aaron replacing him as England 's leader . The bronze medal-winning team also included Alec Olney and Eyre . Aaron and Olney were in the International champion team of 1951 , as was Walter Hesketh - a regional rival of Saunders ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vilpas", "text": "Eija Annikki Vilpas ( born 17 July 1957 in Tuusula , Finland ) is a Finnish actress . She is known of her roles in several Finnish comedy series , for example Fakta homma and Hynttyyt yhteen . The focal point of her career lies in stage acting : Vilpas has worked in the Helsinki City Theatre since 1988 . She has also done voice-over work for Finnish film dubs . She provided the voice of Marge Simpson in The Simpsons Movie and Maggie the cow in Disney 's Home on the Range . She has been married to the actor Ville Virtanen . She recorded an album Eija Vilpas in 1993 . Eija Vilpas in the mother to the Finnish dramaturge and playwright Sinna Virtanen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whitehaven_R.L.F.C.", "text": "Whitehaven R.L.F.C . is a professional rugby league club playing in Whitehaven in west Cumbria . They play in Betfred Championship after winning Betfred League 1 in 2019 . Their stadium is called the Recreation Ground ( known locally as the Recre ) . Their nicknames are 'Haven ' or the 'Marras ' ( a local dialect word for 'mates ' ) . Their mascot is a lion called Pride . Between 1997 and 2003 they were known as Whitehaven Warriors . Their local rivals are Workington Town ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Nilsen", "text": "Dennis Andrew Nilsen ( 23 November 1945 - 12 May 2018 ) was a Scottish serial killer and necrophile who murdered at least twelve young men between 1978 and 1983 in London , England . Convicted at the Old Bailey of six counts of murder and two of attempted murder , Nilsen was sentenced to life imprisonment on 4 November 1983 , with a recommendation that he serve a minimum of 25 years . In his later years , he was incarcerated at Full Sutton maximum security prison . All of Nilsen 's murders were committed in the two North London addresses in which he resided between 1978 and 1983 . His victims would be lured to these addresses through guile and killed by strangulation , sometimes accompanied by drowning . Following each murder , Nilsen would observe a ritual in which he bathed and dressed the victim 's body , which he retained for extended periods of time , before dissecting and disposing of the remains by burning on a bonfire or flushing down a lavatory . Nilsen became known as the Muswell Hill Murderer , as he committed his later murders in the Muswell Hill district of North London . He died in prison on 12 May 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sister,_Sister_(TV_series)", "text": "Sister , Sister is an American television sitcom starring identical twins Tia and Tamera Mowry . It premiered on April 1 , 1994 , and concluded on May 23 , 1999 after six seasons . The premise was that Tia Landry and Tamera Campbell were separated at birth and one was adopted by a single mother while the other was adopted by a couple , although the mother died shortly afterward ; 14 years later the two accidentally found each other and reunited . The series was created by Kim Bass , Gary Gilbert , and Fred Shafferman , and produced by de Passe Entertainment and Paramount Network Television . The cast also featured Jackee Harry as Tia 's mother , Tim Reid as Tamera 's father , and Marques Houston as their annoying neighbor . RonReaco Lee and Deon Richmond joined the cast in the fifth season . Sister , Sister was picked up by ABC as a midseason replacement and debuted on April 1 , 1994 , as part of the network 's TGIF comedy lineup . The show later moved to a new timeslot for the 1994-95 season , but ABC announced that it was cancelling the program due to low ratings and its final episode aired April 28 , 1995 . The WB , which was still in its infancy in 1995 , picked up Sister , Sister to replace the cancelled Muscle on its Wednesday night lineup of shows and the third season debuted on September 6 , 1995 . The program found its niche as part of The WB 's lineup and aired for four additional seasons on the network , with the final episode airing on May 23 , 1999 . In January 2018 , a revival of Sister , Sister was confirmed and is currently in the works . As of 2019 , it is currently unknown when or if the revival will happen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SK_Rapid_Wien", "text": "Sportklub Rapid Wien ( German pronunciation : [ ʁaˈpiːt ˈviːn ] ) , commonly known as Rapid Vienna , is an Austrian football club playing in the country 's capital city of Vienna . Rapid has won the most Austrian championship titles ( 32 ) , including the first ever title in the season 1911-12 , as well as a German championship in 1941 during Nazi rule . Rapid twice reached the final of the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1985 and 1996 , losing on both occasions . The club is often known as Die Grün-Weißen ( The Green-Whites ) for its team colours or as Hütteldorfer , in reference to the location of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium , which is in Hütteldorf , part of the city 's 14th district in Penzing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_Our_Saviour,_Copenhagen", "text": "The Church of Our Saviour ( Danish : Vor Frelsers Kirke ; [ vɒ ˈfaːlsɐs ˈkiˀjə ] ) is a baroque church in Copenhagen , Denmark , most famous for its helix spire with an external winding staircase that can be climbed to the top , offering extensive views over central Copenhagen . It is also noted for its carillon , which is the largest in northern Europe and plays melodies every hour from 8 am to midnight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/VP-10", "text": "Patrol Squadron 10 ( VP-10 ) is a United States Navy Patrol Squadron based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Jacksonville , Florida , United States . It is nicknamed the Red Lancers and is equipped with the Boeing P-8A Poseidon . It is the third squadron to be designated VP-10 . The first VP-10 was redesignated VP-2D15 on 21 September 1927 and the second VP-10 was redesignated VP-25 on 1 July 1939 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vespertilionidae", "text": "Vespertilionidae is a family of microbats , of the order Chiroptera , flying , insect-eating mammals variously described as the common , vesper , or simple nosed bats . The vespertilionid family is the most diverse and widely distributed of bat families , specialised in many forms to occupy a range of habitats and ecological circumstances , and it is frequently observed or the subject of research . The facial features of the species are often simple , as they mainly rely on vocally emitted echolocation . The tails of the species are enclosed by the lower flight membranes between the legs . Over 300 species are distributed all over the world , on every continent except Antarctica . It owes its name to the genus Vespertilio , which takes its name from a word for bat , vespertilio , derived from the Latin term vesper meaning 'evening ' ; they are termed as evening bats and once referred to as 'evening birds ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimaní", "text": "Jimaní is the capital and the second largest city of the Independencia Province of the Dominican Republic . It serves as one of the two main thoroughfares to Haiti ( with Dajabón ) , with a duty-free open-air marketplace operating on the border with Haiti . The town suffered damages in the flash flood of May 25 , 2004 , which killed many citizens during the night and washed away hundreds of homes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Budapest", "text": "Budapest ( /ˈbuːdəpɛst/ , Hungarian pronunciation : [ ˈbudɒpɛʃt ] ) is the capital and the most populous city of Hungary , and the ninth-largest city in the European Union by population within city limits . The city has an estimated population of 1,752,286 over a land area of about 525 square kilometres ( 203 square miles ) . Budapest is both a city and county , and forms the centre of the Budapest metropolitan area , which has an area of 7,626 square kilometres ( 2,944 square miles ) and a population of 3,303,786 , comprising 33% of the population of Hungary . The history of Budapest began when an early Celtic settlement transformed into the Roman town of Aquincum , the capital of Lower Pannonia . The Hungarians arrived in the territory in the late 9th century , but the area was pillaged by the Mongols in 1241-42 . Re-established Buda became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture by the 15th century . The Battle of Mohács , in 1526 , was followed by nearly 150 years of Ottoman rule . After the reconquest of Buda in 1686 , the region entered a new age of prosperity , with Pest-Buda becoming a global city after the unification of Buda , Óbuda , and Pest on 17 November 1873 , with the name 'Budapest ' given to the new capital . Budapest also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , a great power that dissolved in 1918 , following World War I . The city was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , the Battle of Budapest in 1945 , and the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 . Budapest is an Alpha − global city with strengths in commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment . It is Hungary 's financial centre and was ranked as the second fastest-developing urban economy in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermes", "text": "Hermes ( /ˈhɜːrmiːz/ ; Greek : Ἑρμῆς ) is a deity in Ancient Greek religion and mythology . Hermes is considered as the herald of the gods , as well as the protector of human heralds , travellers , thieves , merchants , and orators , respectively . He is able to move freely between the worlds of the mortal and the divine , playing the role of the psychopomp or soul guide - a conductor of souls into the afterlife . In myth , Hermes functioned as the emissary and messenger of the gods , and was often presented as the son of Zeus and Maia , the Pleiad . Just as well , he is regarded as the divine trickster , for which Homer offers the most popular account in his Hymn to Hermes . His attributes and symbols include the herma , the rooster , the tortoise , satchel or pouch , winged sandals , and winged cap , as well as the palm tree , goat , the number four , several kinds of fish , and incense . However , his main symbol is the caduceus , a winged staff intertwined with two snakes copulating and carvings of the other gods . His attributes had previously influenced the earlier Etruscan god Turms , a name borrowed from the Greek herma . In Roman tradition , Hermes was known as Mercury , a name derived from the Latin merx , meaning merchandise , and from where we get the words merchant and commerce ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Football_League_Players_Association", "text": "The National Football League Players Association , or NFLPA , is the labor organization representing the professional American football players in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The NFLPA , which has headquarters in Washington , D.C. , is led by president Eric Winston and executive director DeMaurice Smith . Founded in 1956 , the NFLPA is the second-oldest labor union of the four major professional sports leagues ; it was established to provide players with formal representation to negotiate compensation and the terms of a collective bargaining agreement ( CBA ) . The NFLPA is a member of the AFL-CIO , the largest federation of unions in the United States . In the early years of the NFL , contractual negotiations took place between individual players and management ; team owners were reluctant to engage in collective bargaining . A series of strikes and lockouts have occurred throughout the union 's existence largely due to monetary and benefit disputes between the players and the owners . League rules that punished players for playing in rival football leagues resulted in litigation ; the success of such lawsuits impelled the NFL to negotiate some work rules and minimum payments with the NFLPA . However , the organization was not recognized by the NFL as the official bargaining agent for the players until 1968 , when a CBA was signed . The most recent CBA negotiations took place in 2011 . In addition to conducting labor negotiations , the NFLPA represents and protects the rights of the players ; the organization 's actions include filing grievances against player discipline that it deems too severe . The union also ensures that the terms of the collective bargaining agreement are adhered to by the league and the teams . It negotiates and monitors retirement and insurance benefits and enhances and defends the image of players and their profession ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Eubank", "text": "William Eubank ( born November 15 , 1982 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer . On his first feature film , Love , released in 2011 , in addition to directorial and director of photography duties , Eubank also served as production designer . His second feature film , The Signal , premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and was released in theaters by Focus Features on June 13 , 2014 . His third feature film , the science-fiction horror film Underwater , was released in January 2020 by 20th Century Fox ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKSJ-FM", "text": "CKSJ-FM ( 101.1 MHz ) is a radio station broadcasting in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . Approved by the CRTC in 2003 , the station began broadcasting on February 12 , 2004 , and is the most recent radio station to have launched in that city . It is owned by Coast Broadcasting , owned by local businessman Andrew Bell . While launching as an adult contemporary station , it now defines its format as classic hits , concentrating primarily on older music . As of 2011 , the station 's classic hits format consists of music from the 1970s through 1990s . Specialty programs airing on the station include The '70s with Charlie Tuna , and Cool Jazz on the Coast hosted by Bill Sharpe . On August 1 , 2014 Coast Broadcasting was given permission to add a new FM transmitter in Clarenville , simulcasting CKSJ-FM in areas where reception of the primary signal is difficult . CKSJ-FM-1 went on the air in July 2015 at 107.5 MHz to the Clarenville area . In July 2016 , the CRTC approved a change in ownership for the station . Co-owner Andrew Bell had applied to take over 100% of the company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Movie", "text": "Tom and Jerry : The Movie is a 1992 American/German animated musical film featuring the characters Tom and Jerry . Produced and directed by Phil Roman , the film stars the voices of Richard Kind , Dana Hill ( in her final film role ) , Anndi McAfee , Tony Jay , Rip Taylor , Henry Gibson , Michael Bell , Ed Gilbert , David L. Lander , Howard Morris and Charlotte Rae . Produced by Turner Pictures and Roman 's Film Roman , it is the first theatrical feature-length animated film featuring the cat-and-mouse pair as well as their return to the big screen after 25 years . Although largely mute in the original cartoons , the duo talked extensively in this film . Joseph Barbera , co-founder of Hanna-Barbera Productions and co-creator of Tom and Jerry , served as creative consultant for the film . The film tells the story about Tom and Jerry , who become homeless after their home is wrecked , and meet and help a little girl escape from her child-hating and abusive guardian in order to find her lost and presumed-dead father . After having its world premiere in Germany on October 1 , 1992 , Tom and Jerry : The Movie was released theatrically by Miramax Films , a subsidiary of Disney at the time , and LIVE Entertainment on July 30 , 1993 in the United States . The film received predominantly negative reviews from fans and film critics for the film 's use of dialogue for the characters , musical numbers , sub-par voice acting , dark content , lack of focus on the title characters and slapstick and the antagonist 's similarities to Ursula the Sea Witch and Madame Medusa , the villains from Disney 's animated films The Little Mermaid ( 1989 ) , and The Rescuers ( 1977 ) , respectively , although the animation was praised . The film was also a box office bomb , earning only $ 3.6 million on a $ 3.5 million budget ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohammed_Ghaddar", "text": "Mohammed Mahmoud Ghaddar ( Arabic : محمد محمود غدار ; born 1 January 1984 ) is a Lebanese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Malaysian club Johor Darul Ta'zim II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manchester", "text": "Manchester ( /ˈmæntʃɛstər/ ) is a major city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester , England , with a population of 547,627 as of 2018 ( 5th most populous English district ) . It lies within the United Kingdom 's second-most populous urban area , with a population of 2.9 million , and second-most populous metropolitan area , with a population of 3.3 million . It is fringed by the Cheshire Plain to the south , the Pennines to the north and east , and an arc of towns with which it forms a continuous conurbation . The local authority for the city is Manchester City Council . The recorded history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort of Mamucium or Mancunium , which was established in about AD 79 on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell . It is historically a part of Lancashire , although areas of Cheshire south of the River Mersey were incorporated in the 20th century . The first to be included , Wythenshawe , was added to the city in 1931 . Throughout the Middle Ages Manchester remained a manorial township , but began to expand at an astonishing rate around the turn of the 19th century . Manchester 's unplanned urbanisation was brought on by a boom in textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution , and resulted in it becoming the world 's first industrialised city . Manchester achieved city status in 1853 . The Manchester Ship Canal opened in 1894 , creating the Port of Manchester and directly linking the city to the Irish Sea , 36 miles ( 58 km ) to the west . Its fortune declined after the Second World War , owing to deindustrialisation , but the IRA bombing in 1996 led to extensive investment and regeneration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2016_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics were held during the last 10 days of the games , from 12-21 August 2016 , at the Olympic Stadium . The sport of athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics was made into three distinct sets of events : track and field events , road running events , and racewalking events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Micro_Cabin", "text": "Microcabin Corporation ( 株式会社マイクロキャビン ) , sometimes written as Micro Cabin , was a Japan-based video game developer and publisher incorporated in 1982 , who grew from the Ōyachi Electrics Microcomputer Club . Known for their Xak series and its spinoff Fray in Magical Adventure , and games such as Illusion City and Mystaria : The Realms of Lore . Other games include Mystery House , Guardian War , and the Koutetsu no Houkou series . They also developed the Sega Saturn port of Tunnel B1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elio_de_Angelis", "text": "Elio de Angelis ( 26 March 1958 - 15 May 1986 ) was an Italian racing driver who participated in Formula One between 1979 and 1986 , racing for the Shadow , Lotus and Brabham teams . He was killed in an accident while testing the Brabham BT55 at the Paul Ricard circuit , near the commune of Le Castellet , France , in 1986 . De Angelis was a very competitive and highly popular presence in Formula One during the 1980s , and is sometimes referred to as Formula One 's last gentleman player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils_football", "text": "The Arizona State Sun Devils football team represents Arizona State University in the sport of American football . The Sun Devils team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference ( Pac-12 ) . Arizona State University has fielded a football team since 1897 . The Sun Devils are currently led by head coach Herm Edwards and play their home games at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe , Arizona . The Sun Devils have won seventeen conference titles , including three Pac-12 titles . A number of successful and professional football players once played for ASU . The school has 3 unanimous All-Americans and 16 consensus selections . Among the most lauded players the school has produced are Pat Tillman , Terrell Suggs , Mike Haynes , Darren Woodson , Charley Taylor , and John Henry Johnson . In addition to its players , ASU 's football program has had several notable head coaches , including Hall of Famers Dan Devine and John Cooper and national champion Dennis Erickson . The all-time school wins leader is Hall of Fame coach Frank Kush , for whom Frank Kush Field at Sun Devil Stadium is named . Kush also consistently led the Sun Devils to victory against the Arizona Wildcats , ASU 's traditional rival , losing to the Wildcats only twice between 1963 and 1979 . [ circular reference ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Afghanistan", "text": "Afghanistan ( /æfˈɡænɪstæn , æfˈɡɑːnɪstɑːn/ ( listen ) ; Pashto/Dari : افغانستان , Pashto : Afġānistān [ avɣɒnisˈtɒn , ab- ] , [ a ] Dari : Afġānestān [ avɣɒnesˈtɒn ] ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , is a landlocked country in Asia . Afghanistan is bordered by Pakistan to the east and south ; [ b ] Iran to the west ; Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Tajikistan to the north ; and China to the northeast . Occupying 652,000 square kilometers ( 252,000 sq mi ) , it is a mountainous country with plains in the north and southwest . Kabul is the capital and largest city . The population is 32 million , mostly composed of ethnic Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras and Uzbeks . Human habitation in Afghanistan dates back to the Middle Paleolithic Era , and the country 's strategic location along the Silk Road connected it to the cultures of the Middle East and other parts of Asia . The land has historically been home to various peoples and has witnessed numerous military campaigns , including those by Alexander the Great , Mauryas , Muslim Arabs , Mongols , British , Soviets , and by the United States with allied countries . The land also served as the source from which the Kushans , Hephthalites , Samanids , Saffarids , Ghaznavids , Ghorids , Khaljis , Mughals , Hotaks , Durranis , and others have risen to form major empires . The political history of the modern state of Afghanistan began with the Hotak and Durrani dynasties in the 18th century . In the late 19th century , Afghanistan became a buffer state in the Great Game between British India and the Russian Empire . Its border with British India , the Durand Line , was formed in 1893 but it is not recognized by the Afghan government and it has led to strained relations with Pakistan since the latter 's independence in 1947 . Following the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919 the country was free of foreign influence , eventually becoming a monarchy under Amanullah Khan , until almost 50 years later when Zahir Shah was overthrown and a republic was established ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCAL-TV", "text": "KCAL-TV , virtual and VHF digital channel 9 , is an independent television station licensed to Los Angeles , California , United States . The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of ViacomCBS , as part of a duopoly with CBS owned-and-operated station and West Coast flagship KCBS-TV ( channel 2 ) . The two stations share studios at the CBS Studio Center on Radford Avenue in the Studio City section of Los Angeles ; KCAL-TV 's transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson . There is no separate website for KCAL-TV ; instead , it is integrated with that of sister station KCBS-TV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amyl_and_the_Sniffers_(album)", "text": "Amyl and the Sniffers is the self-titled debut studio album by Australian pub rock and punk band Amyl and the Sniffers . It was released on May 24 , 2019 by Rough Trade Records and has received generally positive reviews . The album reached No . 22 in Australia and No . 91 in the UK albums chart . At the ARIA Music Awards of 2019 , the album won the ARIA Award for Best Rock Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/OPAP", "text": "OPAP - Greek Organisation of Football Prognostics S.A. ( ) is a Greek company organizing and conducting games of chance . It is headquartered in Athens and for many years OPAP was a state-owned gambling monopoly . The company holds the exclusive rights to organize and manage numerical lotteries and sports betting games in Greece . In 2013 the privatization of the company was completed through the sale of the State 's remaining 33% stake to the Emma Delta investment scheme ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmel_Presbyterian_Church_(Natchez,_Mississippi)", "text": "Carmel Presbyterian Church in Natchez , Mississippi , also known as Carmel Church , was built in 1855 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Social_Democratic_Party_(Brazil,_2011)", "text": "The Social Democratic Party ( Portuguese : Partido Social Democrático , PSD ) is a political party in Brazil led by Gilberto Kassab and uniting dissidents from various political parties , especially the DEM , PSDB and PP . The PSD supported the impeachment of Dilma Rousseff ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taekwondo_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_68_kg", "text": "The men 's 68 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 21 the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shambo_Shiva_Shambo", "text": "Sambo Siva Sambo is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language action drama film directed by Samuthirakani . It stars Ravi Teja , Allari Naresh , Siva Balaji , Priyamani , Abhinaya , and Surya Teja in the lead roles . This film is a remake of the director 's 2009 film Naadodigal . The film released on 14 January 2010 to mixed responses from critics . Despite mixed reviews , the film performed well as the audience gave a thumbs up and was declared a box office hit by Box Office India . The film was later dubbed in Hindi as Mera Krodh in 2012 . It was remade in Bengali as Run starring Rahul , Priyanka . The film was remade in Hindi as Rangrezz directed by Priyadarshan starring Jackky Bhagnani , Priya Anand , Rajpal Yadav , Vijay Verma and Amitosh Nagpal in the lead roles . The film was remade in Kannada Hudugaru and in Malayalm as Ithu Nammude Katha ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_belt_(martial_arts)", "text": "In East Asian martial arts , the black belt is associated with expertise , but may indicate only competence , depending on the martial art . The use of colored belts is a relatively recent invention dating from the 1880s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_of_Devonshire", "text": "Duke of Devonshire is a title in the Peerage of England held by members of the Cavendish family . This ( now the senior ) branch of the Cavendish family has been one of the wealthiest British aristocratic families since the 16th century and has been rivalled in political influence perhaps only by the Marquesses of Salisbury and the Earls of Derby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ramin_Bahrani", "text": "Ramin Bahrani ( Persian : رامین بحرانی ; born March 20 , 1975 ) is an Iranian-American director and screenwriter . Film critic Roger Ebert listed Bahrani 's film Chop Shop as the sixth-best film of the 2000s and hailed Bahrani as the new director of the decade . Bahrani was the recipient of the prestigious 2009 Guggenheim Fellowship . Bahrani is also a professor of film directing at the Columbia University School of the Arts , his alma mater ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Entertainment", "text": "Red Entertainment ( 株式会社レッド・エンタテインメント , Kabushiki-gaisha Reddo Entateinmento ) is a video game developer and publisher based in Japan . Formerly known as the Red Company ( レッドカンパニー , Reddo Kanpanī ) since its founding in 1976 ( though it did not begin doing business until 1985 ) , it was reorganized under its current moniker on December 4 , 2000 . While Red Company as a public corporation dates back to the mid-1980s , the first title released under the Red Entertainment brand was Gungrave on July 17 , 2002 . The name RED comes from Royal Emperor Dragon . In 2011 , the company was acquired by Chinese game developer UltiZen Games Limited . In 2014 , Red Entertainment was sold to Oizumi Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Springfield,_Virginia", "text": "Springfield is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States . The Springfield CDP is recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau with a population of 30,484 as of the 2010 census . Homes and businesses in bordering CDPs including North Springfield , West Springfield , and Newington are usually given a Springfield mailing address . The population of the collective areas with Springfield addresses is estimated to exceed 100,000 . The CDP is a part of Northern Virginia , the most populous region of the Washington Metropolitan Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stoke-on-Trent", "text": "Stoke-on-Trent ( often abbreviated to Stoke ) is a city and unitary authority area in Staffordshire , England , with an area of 36 square miles ( 93 km2 ) . Together with the neighbouring boroughs of Newcastle-under-Lyme and Staffordshire Moorlands , it is part of North Staffordshire . In 2016 , the city had a population of 261,302 . Stoke is polycentric , having been formed by the federation of six towns in 1910 . It took its name from Stoke-upon-Trent where the main centre of government and the principal railway station in the district were located . Hanley is the primary commercial centre . The other four towns are Burslem , Tunstall , Longton , and Fenton . Stoke-on-Trent is the home of the pottery industry in England and is commonly known as the Potteries , with the local residents known as Potters . Formerly a primarily industrial conurbation , it is now a centre for service industries and distribution centres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minneapolis_Masonic_Temple", "text": "The Hennepin Center for the Arts ( HCA ) is an art center in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States . It occupies a building on Hennepin Avenue constructed in 1888 as a Masonic Temple . The building was designed by Long and Kees in the Richardsonian Romanesque architectural style . In 1978 , it was purchased and underwent a renovation to become the HCA . Currently it is owned by Artspace Projects , Inc , and is home to more than 17 performing and visual art companies who reside on the building 's eight floors . The eighth floor contains the Illusion Theater , which hosts many shows put on by companies in the building . HCA is now a part of the Cowles Center for Dance and the Performing Arts ( formerly the Minnesota Shubert Performing Arts and Education Center ) . The new performing arts center is a three-building complex that includes the renovated Shubert Theatre building ( renamed the Goodale Theater ) and a new glass-walled atrium connecting the two historic buildings and serving them both as a common lobby . The Cowles Center hosted a three-day Grand Opening Gala September 9-11 , 2011 . The building was listed as the Masonic Temple on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 for its local significance in the theme of architecture . It was nominated for the craftsmanship and integrity of its design by a significant local architectural firm , and for being one of the last well-preserved Richardsonian Romanesque business buildings in Minneapolis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mongolia", "text": "Mongolia [ a ] is a landlocked country in East Asia . Its area is roughly equivalent with the historical territory of Outer Mongolia , and that term is sometimes used to refer to the current state . It is sandwiched between Russia to the north and China to the south , where it neighbours the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region . Mongolia does not share a border with Kazakhstan , although only 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) separate them . At 1,564,116 square kilometres ( 603,909 sq mi ) , Mongolia is the 18th-largest and the most sparsely populated sovereign state in the world , with a population of around three million people . It is also the world 's second-largest landlocked country behind Kazakhstan and the largest landlocked country that does not border a closed sea . The country contains very little arable land , as much of its area is covered by grassy steppe , with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Ulaanbaatar , the capital and largest city , is home to about 45% of the country 's population . Ulaanbaatar also shares the rank of the world 's coldest capital city with Moscow , Ottawa , and Nur-Sultan . Approximately 30% of the population is nomadic or semi-nomadic ; horse culture is still integral . The majority of its population are Buddhists . The non-religious population is the second-largest group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Half_Hollow_Hills_Central_School_District", "text": "Half Hollow Hills Central School District ( # 5 ) is located in Dix Hills and primarily serves the hamlets of Dix Hills and Melville , while also serving parts of East Farmingdale , Deer Park , West Hills , and Wheatley Heights . Nine schools ( five elementary , two middle , and two high schools ) comprise the school district ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rags_(2012_film)", "text": "Rags is a Nickelodeon Original Movie . It is a musical , gender-switched inversion and modernization of the Cinderella fairy tale , starring Keke Palmer , Max Schneider , Drake Bell , Avan Jogia and Nick Cannon . The movie premiered on Nickelodeon on May 28 , 2012 . The film was released as a DVD on August 28 , 2012 as a double feature with Big Time Movie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Saskatchewan_River", "text": "The North Saskatchewan River is a glacier-fed river that flows from the Canadian Rockies continental divide east to central Saskatchewan , where it joins with another major river to make up the Saskatchewan River . Its water flows eventually into the Hudson Bay . The Saskatchewan River system is the largest shared between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan . Its watershed includes most of southern and central Alberta and Saskatchewan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_C._McClelland", "text": "William Caldwell McClelland CBE ( 9 February 1875 - 30 May 1957 ) was a medical doctor and an Australian rules football player and administrator . Born at Buninyong , on Victoria 's goldfields , to an Irish-born father ( David ) and his Victorian-born wife ( Mary ) , McClelland went to Brighton Grammar School and then to the University of Melbourne , where he was awarded a BA in 1899 , MA in 1901 and MB , BS in 1905 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wacky_Races_(1968_TV_series)", "text": "Wacky Races is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions . The series features 11 different cars racing against each other in various road rallies throughout North America , with each driver hoping to win the title of the World 's Wackiest Racer . The cartoon had many regular characters , with 23 people and animals spread among the 11 race cars . Wacky Races ran on CBS from September 14 , 1968 , to January 4 , 1969 , and in syndication from 1976 to 1982 . Seventeen episodes were produced , with each segment featuring two different races . In 2017 , the series was revived with a reboot , airing on Boomerang ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Park_Hang-Seo", "text": "Park Hang-seo ( Hangul : 박항서 ; born 4 January 1959 ) is a South Korean football manager and former player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I2P", "text": "The Invisible Internet Project ( I2P ) is an anonymous network layer ( implemented as a Mix Network ) that allows for censorship-resistant , peer to peer communication . Anonymous connections are achieved by encrypting the user 's traffic ( by using end-to-end encryption ) , and sending it through a volunteer-run network of roughly 55,000 computers distributed around the world . Given the high number of possible paths the traffic can transit , a third party watching a full connection is unlikely . The software that implements this layer is called an I2P router , and a computer running I2P is called an I2P node . I2P is free and open source , and is published under multiple licenses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pidansom", "text": "Pidansom ( Korean : 비단섬 / 緋緞島 ) is a river island in the Yalu river in North Korea . Pidansom was made of several river islands such as Sindo Island ( 薪島 ) and Maando ( 馬鞍島 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hackley_School", "text": "Hackley School is a private college preparatory school located in Tarrytown , New York and is a member of the Ivy Preparatory School League . Founded in 1899 by a wealthy philanthropist , Mrs. Caleb Brewster Hackley , Hackley was intended to be a Unitarian alternative to the mostly Episcopal boarding schools throughout the Northeast . Since its founding , Hackley has dropped its Unitarian affiliations and changed from all-boys to coeducational . Hackley is divided into three schools on the same campus : the Lower School , the Middle School , and the Upper School . Hackley school is also a member of global education association , Round Square . In September 2015 , Hackley announced the appointment of Michael C. Wirtz as Hackley 's 12th head of school . Mr. Wirtz began his tenure July 1 , 2016 , succeeding Walter C. Johnson , who served as headmaster from 1995-2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UNESCO", "text": "The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ; French : Organisation des Nations unies pour l'éducation , la science et la culture ) is a specialized agency of the United Nations ( UN ) based in Paris , France . Its declared purpose is to contribute to promoting international collaboration in education , sciences , and culture in order to increase universal respect for justice , the rule of law , and human rights along with fundamental freedom proclaimed in the United Nations Charter . It is the successor of the League of Nations ' International Committee on Intellectual Cooperation . UNESCO has 193 member states and 11 associate members . Most of its field offices are cluster offices that cover three or more countries ; national and regional offices also exist . UNESCO pursues its objectives through five major programs : education , natural sciences , social/human sciences , culture and communication/information . Projects sponsored by UNESCO include literacy , technical , and teacher-training programs , international science programs , the promotion of independent media and freedom of the press , regional and cultural history projects , the promotion of cultural diversity , translations of world literature , international cooperation agreements to secure the world 's cultural and natural heritage ( World Heritage Sites ) and to preserve human rights , and attempts to bridge the worldwide digital divide . It is also a member of the United Nations Development Group . UNESCO 's aim is to contribute to the building of peace , the eradication of poverty , sustainable development and intercultural dialogue through education , the sciences , culture , communication and information . Other priorities of the organization include attaining quality Education For All and lifelong learning , addressing emerging social and ethical challenges , fostering cultural diversity , a culture of peace and building inclusive knowledge societies through information and communication . The broad goals and objectives of the international community - as set out in the internationally agreed development goals , including the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) - underpin all UNESCO strategies and activities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roman_Catholic", "text": "The Catholic Church , sometimes referred to as the Roman Catholic Church , is the largest Christian church , with approximately 1.3 billion baptised Catholics worldwide as of 2017 [ update ] . As the world 's oldest and largest continuously functioning international institution , it has played a prominent role in the history and development of Western civilisation . The church is headed by the Bishop of Rome , known as the pope . Its central administration is the Holy See . The Christian beliefs of Catholicism are found in the Nicene Creed . The Catholic Church teaches that it is the One , Holy , Catholic and Apostolic church founded by Jesus Christ in his Great Commission , [ note 1 ] that its bishops are the successors of Christ 's apostles , and that the pope is the successor to Saint Peter upon whom primacy was conferred by Jesus Christ . It maintains that it practises the original Christian faith , reserving infallibility , passed down by sacred tradition . The Latin Church , the twenty-three Eastern Catholic Churches , and institutes such as mendicant orders , enclosed monastic orders and third orders reflect a variety of theological and spiritual emphases in the church . Of its seven sacraments the Eucharist is the principal one , celebrated liturgically in the Mass . The church teaches that through consecration by a priest the sacrificial bread and wine become the body and blood of Christ . The Virgin Mary is venerated in the Catholic Church as Mother of God and Queen of Heaven , honoured in dogmas and devotions . Its teaching includes Divine Mercy , sanctification through faith and evangelisation of the Gospel as well as Catholic social teaching , which emphasises voluntary support for the sick , the poor , and the afflicted through the corporal and spiritual works of mercy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michaël_Parkinson", "text": "Michaël Parkinson ( born 23 November 1991 ) is an England-born Dutch male volleyball player . He is part of the Netherlands men 's national volleyball team . On club level he plays for Steaua București ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pucallpa", "text": "Pucallpa ( Quechua : puka allpa , red dirt ) is a city in eastern Peru located on the banks of the Ucayali River , a major tributary of the Amazon River . It is the capital of the Ucayali region , the Coronel Portillo Province and the Calleria District . This city is categorized as the only metropolis in Ucayali , being the largest populated center of the region . According to the Instituto Nacional de Estadística e Informática , it is the tenth most populated city in Peru and in 2013 housed a population of 211,611 inhabitants . Although originally located in the district of Callería , in the 1980s it formed a conurbation with the towns of Puerto Callao ( district of Yarinacocha ) and San Fernando ( district of Manantay , created in 2000 ) . Most of the transport to Pucallpa is done through the Ucayali River , located in the central east of Peru and which contains the second most important river port in the Amazon ( behind Iquitos ) . The Federico Basadrees highway is the main center of land transportation and connects the northwest of the city with the Captain Rolden International Airport ( Aeropuerto Internacional Capitán FAP David Abensur Rengifo ) , where flights are made to Brazil . The economy of Pucallpa is based on trade , the timber industry and tourism . Among the main attractions of the city include ecological tourism , such as the Parque Natural , or cultural tourism , in the case of shamanism . Its main economic activities are fishing , agriculture , livestock and timber extraction . In addition , a small oil refinery near the Pachitea River and a gas refinery in the Curimaná District supply fuel to the city and the center of the country . The first human inhabitants of the region were the Pano , who inhabited the entire length of the Ucayali River and its tributaries 3 millennia before being colonized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poo_(film)", "text": "Poo ( ) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Sasi , based on the short story , Veyilodu Poi written by Thamizh Selvan . The film produced by Moser Baer and Nesagee Cinemas , featured Srikanth and Parvathy Thiruvothu in the lead roles . The film released in November 2008 to widespread critical acclaim , winning awards in international and regional film ceremonies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft", "text": "Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond , Washington . It develops , manufactures , licenses , supports , and sells computer software , consumer electronics , personal computers , and related services . Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems , the Microsoft Office suite , and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers . Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface lineup of touchscreen personal computers . In 2016 , it was the world 's largest software maker by revenue ( currently Alphabet/Google has more revenue ) . The word Microsoft is a portmanteau of microcomputer and software . Microsoft is ranked No . 30 in the 2018 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4 , 1975 , to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for the Altair 8800 . It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s , followed by Microsoft Windows . The company 's 1986 initial public offering ( IPO ) , and subsequent rise in its share price , created three billionaires and an estimated 12,000 millionaires among Microsoft employees . Since the 1990s , it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions , their largest being the acquisition of LinkedIn for $ 26.2 billion in December 2016 , followed by their acquisition of Skype Technologies for $ 8.5 billion in May 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerome_Robbins'_Broadway", "text": "Jerome Robbins ' Broadway is an anthology comprising musical numbers from shows that were either directed or choreographed by Jerome Robbins . The shows represented include , for example , The King and I , On the Town and West Side Story . Robbins won his fifth Tony Award for direction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki", "text": "The United States detonated two nuclear weapons over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on August 6 and 9 , 1945 , respectively , with the consent of the United Kingdom , as required by the Quebec Agreement . The two bombings killed between 129,000 and 226,000 people , most of whom were civilians , and remain the only use of nuclear weapons in armed conflict . In the final year of World War II , the Allies prepared for a very costly invasion of the Japanese mainland . This undertaking was preceded by a conventional and firebombing campaign which devastated 67 Japanese cities . The war in Europe had concluded when Germany signed its instrument of surrender on May 8 , 1945 , and the Allies turned their full attention to the Pacific theater . The Allies called for the unconditional surrender of the Imperial Japanese armed forces in the Potsdam Declaration on July 26 , 1945 , the alternative being prompt and utter destruction . Japan ignored the ultimatum and the war continued . By August 1945 , the Allies ' Manhattan Project had produced two types of atomic bombs , and the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) was equipped with the specialized Silverplate version of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress that could deliver them from Tinian in the Mariana Islands . The Allies issued orders for atomic bombs to be used on four Japanese cities on July 25 . On August 6 , one of the modified B-29s dropped a uranium gun-type bomb ( Little Boy ) on Hiroshima . Another B-29 dropped a plutonium implosion bomb ( Fat Man ) on Nagasaki three days later . The bombs immediately devastated their targets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meseret_Mengistu", "text": "Meseret Mengistu Biru ( born 6 March 1990 ) is an Ethiopian female long-distance runner who competes mainly in road running events . She holds a personal best of 2:23:26 hours for the marathon . She represented Ethiopia at the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in 2008 and 2010 , winning a team silver medal at the latter edition . She was the 2015 winner of the Paris Marathon , improving her best by over six minutes in the process . She had her second win over the distance at the 2016 Beijing Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frozen_(franchise)", "text": "Frozen is a Disney media franchise started by the 2013 American animated feature film , Frozen , which was directed by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee from a screenplay by Lee and produced by Peter Del Vecho , with songs by Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez . Walt Disney Animation Studios ' chief creative officer John Lasseter served as the film 's executive producer . The original film was inspired by Hans Christian Andersen 's fairy tale , The Snow Queen . Since the film 's release in November 2013 , the franchise has expanded very rapidly . To date , the franchise includes various Disney theme park attractions , merchandise , video games , books , a Disney on Ice show , a Broadway stage musical and two short animated films . Disney has also confirmed an animated film sequel , and a new book series . In November 2014 , TheStreet.com explained that Frozen is no longer a movie , it 's a global brand , a larger than life franchise built around products , theme parks and sequels that could last into the next century . Boxoffice chief analyst Phil Contrino was quoted as saying it 's become massive ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mad_as_a_Mars_Hare", "text": "Mad as a Mars Hare is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny and Marvin the Martian . The cartoon 's title is a play-on-words of the famous phrase to be mad as a March hare , the origins of which are disputed . This is Marvin 's final appearance in the Looney Tunes shorts during the Golden Age of Animation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mercy_Hospital_and_Elizabeth_McDowell_Bialy_Memorial_House", "text": "Mercy Hospital and the Elizabeth McDowell Bialy Memorial House are two associated buildings located at 15th and Water Streets in Bay City , Michigan . They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . As of 2018 , the structures are operated as the Bradley House , a low income apartment complex ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2012_NHL_Winter_Classic", "text": "The 2012 NHL Winter Classic ( known via corporate sponsorship as the Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic ) was an outdoor regular season National Hockey League ( NHL ) game , part of the Winter Classic series , played on January 2 , 2012 , at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The game , the League 's fifth Winter Classic , matched the New York Rangers against the Philadelphia Flyers , two Atlantic Division rivals ; the Rangers won by a score of 3-2 . The original plan was to have the contest at the Philadelphia Eagles ' home , Lincoln Financial Field ; however , the Eagles played there the day before , and the NHL needed at least a week of preparation time to build the ice rink onto the field . The game was broadcast by NBC in the United States and by CBC and RDS in Canada . NBC 's announcers were Mike Emrick and Eddie Olczyk , with Pierre McGuire handling sideline duties and Bob Costas as the studio host . The game returned to its original daytime time slot , with the Rangers-Flyers game beginning at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time ( two hours behind its originally scheduled start time of 1:00 p.m. ) . This marked the first time the Winter Classic was not played on New Year 's Day ; to follow the precedent of bowl games - which do not play on January 1 if it falls on a Sunday out of respect for the National Football League , and the observed New Year 's Day holiday being legally floated to Monday in these scenarios , the game was instead played on January 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Day", "text": "A day is approximately the period of time during which the Earth completes one rotation around its axis . A solar day is the length of time which elapses between the Sun reaching its highest point in the sky two consecutive times . Days on other planets are defined similarly and vary in length due to differing rotation periods , that of Mars being slightly longer and sometimes called a sol . In 1960 , the second was redefined in terms of the orbital motion of the Earth in the year 1900 , and was designated the SI base unit of time . The unit of measurement day , was redefined as 86,400 SI seconds and symbolized d. In 1967 , the second and so the day were redefined by atomic electron transition . A civil day is usually 86,400 seconds , plus or minus a possible leap second in Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) , and occasionally plus or minus an hour in those locations that change from or to daylight saving time . Day can be defined as each of the twenty-four-hour periods , reckoned from one midnight to the next , into which a week , month , or year is divided , and corresponding to a rotation of the earth on its axis . However , its use depends on its context ; for example , when people say 'day and night ' , 'day ' will have a different meaning : the interval of light between two successive nights , the time between sunrise and sunset ; the time of light between one night and the next . For clarity when meaning 'day ' in that sense , the word daytime may be used instead , though context and phrasing often makes the meaning clear . The word day may also refer to a day of the week or to a calendar date , as in answer to the question , On which day ? The life patterns ( circadian rhythms ) of humans and many other species are related to Earth 's solar day and the day-night cycle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerenzerberg", "text": "Kerenzerberg Pass ( el . 743 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland . It connects Mollis and Mühlehorn above the Walensee . The pass road was built in 1848 and has a maximum grade of 10 percent . Two tunnels have been dug under the pass , a road tunnel for the A-3 Autobahn and a rail tunnel for the Ziegelbrücke to Sargans railway line . The area is known for both summer and winter sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Potter_and_the_Forbidden_Journey", "text": "Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is a motion-based dark ride located in The Wizarding World of Harry Potter-themed areas of Islands of Adventure in Orlando , Florida ; Universal Studios Hollywood in Universal City , California , Universal Studios Japan in Osaka , Japan and is upcoming to Universal Studios Beijing in Beijing , China . The ride takes guests through scenes and environments in and around Hogwarts Castle from the Harry Potter series of books and films . Mark Woodbury , president of Universal Creative , described the ride as an in-depth look at the world of Harry Potter , which utilizes never-before-seen technology which transforms the theme park experience as you know it . The ride first opened at Islands of Adventure with The Wizarding World of Harry Potter on June 18 , 2010 ; subsequent versions opened at Universal Studios Japan on July 15 , 2014 , and at Universal Studios Hollywood on April 7 , 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aha!_(film)", "text": "Aha ! ( Bengali : আহা ! ) is a 2007 Bangladeshi film , directed and written by Enamul Karim Nirjhar , produced by Faridur Reza Sagar , Impress telefilm . It was the first film by Enamul Karim Nirjhar and he won the National Film Award 2007 as Best Director and other 3 categories for best cinematography , best editing and best song Lukochuri Lukochuri Golpo by Fahmida Nabi . He worked with Impress telefilm for first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhepura", "text": "Madhepura is a municipality in Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stockholm", "text": "Stockholm ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈstɔ̂kː ( h ) ɔlm ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous urban area of Sweden . 972,647 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.6 million in the urban area , and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area . The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea . Outside the city to the east , and along the coast , is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago . The area has been settled since the Stone Age , in the 6th millennium BC , and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl . It is also the county seat of Stockholm County . Stockholm is the cultural , media , political , and economic centre of Sweden . The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country 's GDP , and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita . It is an important global city , and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region . The city is home to some of Europe 's top ranking universities , such as the Stockholm School of Economics , Karolinska Institute and KTH Royal Institute of Technology . It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall . One of the city 's most prized museums , the Vasa Museum , is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lima,_Ohio", "text": "Lima ( /ˈlaɪmə/ LY-mə ) is a city in and the county seat of Allen County , Ohio , United States . The municipality is located in northwestern Ohio along Interstate 75 approximately 72 miles ( 116 km ) north of Dayton , 78 miles ( 126 km ) south-southwest of Toledo , and 63 mi ( 101 km ) east-southeast of Fort Wayne . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 38,771 . It is the principal city of and is included in the Lima , Ohio metropolitan statistical area , which is included in the Lima-Van Wert-Wapakoneta , OH , combined statistical area . Lima was founded in 1831 . The Lima Army Tank Plant , built in 1941 , is the sole producer of the M1 Abrams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_Marychurch", "text": "St Marychurch in Torquay , Devon , England , is one of the oldest settlements in South Devon . Its earliest documentary record dates from around 1050 AD . Its name derives from the church of St Mary , which was founded in Anglo-Saxon times . The ward population taken at the 2011 census was 11,262 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics_–_Women's_100_metres", "text": "The Women 's 100m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8 . A total of 14 events were contested over this distance for 14 different classifications ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WFLB", "text": "WFLB is a classic hits radio station located in Fayetteville , North Carolina , owned by Beasley Media Group , LLC. , through licensee Beasley Media Group , LLC . The WFLB studios are located east of downtown Fayetteville , and its transmitter is located north of Lumberton , North Carolina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polo_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , a polo tournament was contested . It was the second time the sport had been featured at the Olympics , with 1900 being its first appearance . The venue was the Hurlingham Polo Grounds in London . The Hurlingham Club presented a Challenge Cup to the winner of the tournament , which consisted of three teams . All three teams represented the British Olympic Association , with two from England and one from Ireland . The two English teams played each first , with the winner playing against the Irish team . Roehampton won both games , taking the gold medal , while the other two teams did not face each other to break the tie for second place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monster_Clown", "text": "Rafael Ramírez Solorza ( born February 24 , 1976 ) is a Mexican Luchador , better known by the ring name Monster Clown and previously worked as Aliens between 2004 and 2007 before adopting his current ring name . He is currently under contract will Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide . He is best known as Monster Clown , being part of Los Psycho Circus along with Psycho Clown and Murder Clown where they portray a trio of evil clowns . Ramirez previously worked under the ring names Highlander and Aliens before becoming a part of Los Psycho Circus . In the summer of 2009 he was forced to change his ring name from Zombie Clown to Monster Clown due to copyright problems ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Schippers", "text": "Thomas Schippers ( 9 March 1930 - 16 December 1977 ) was an American conductor . He was highly regarded for his work in opera ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anchorage,_Alaska", "text": "Anchorage ( officially called the Municipality of Anchorage ; Dena'ina : Dgheyay Kaq ' ) is a unified home rule municipality in the U.S. state of Alaska , on the West Coast of the United States . With an estimated 291,538 residents in 2018 , it is Alaska 's most populous city and contains more than 40% of the state 's population ; among the 50 states , only New York has a higher percentage of residents who live in its most populous city . The Anchorage metropolitan area , which includes Anchorage and the neighboring Matanuska-Susitna Borough , had a population of 399,148 in 2018 , accounting for more than half the state 's population . At 1,706 square miles ( 4,420 km2 ) of land area , the city is the fourth-largest by area in the United States and larger than the smallest state , Rhode Island , which has 1,212 square miles ( 3,140 km2 ) . Anchorage is in Southcentral Alaska , at the terminus of the Cook Inlet , on a peninsula formed by the Knik Arm to the north and the Turnagain Arm to the south . The city limits span 1,961.1 square miles ( 5,079.2 km2 ) , encompassing the urban core , a joint military base , several outlying communities and almost all of Chugach State Park . Due to its location , almost equidistant from New York City and Tokyo , Anchorage lies within ​9 1⁄2 hours by air of nearly 90% of the industrialized world . For this reason , Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport is a common refueling stop for international cargo flights and home to a major FedEx hub , which the company calls a critical part of its global network of services . Anchorage has won the All-America City Award four times : in 1956 , 1965 , 1984-85 , and 2002 , from the National Civic League . Kiplinger has named it the United States ' most tax-friendly city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stainfield", "text": "Stainfield is a village and civil parish about 10 miles ( 16 km ) east of the city of Lincoln , in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 189 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rutgers_Scarlet_Knights", "text": "The Rutgers Scarlet Knights are the athletic teams that represent Rutgers University 's New Brunswick campus . In sports , Rutgers is chiefly known for being the Birthplace of College Football , hosting the first ever intercollegiate football game on November 6 , 1869 in which Rutgers defeated a team from the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) with a score of 6 runs to 4 . ( Roughly 36-24 currently ) Among the first American schools to participate in intercollegiate athletics , Rutgers currently fields 27 teams in the Big Ten Conference which participates in Division I competition , as sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) in the following sports : baseball , basketball , crew , cross country , field hockey , football , golf , gymnastics , lacrosse , soccer , softball , tennis , track and field , swimming and diving , wrestling , and volleyball . The athletic programs compete under the name Scarlet Knights , after the Rutgers University mascot which was chosen in 1955 by the student body . The Rutgers campuses in Newark and Camden also participate in intercollegiate competition - under the names Scarlet Raiders and Scarlet Raptors , respectively - in NCAA Division III ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The China national under-20 football team , also known as the China Youth Team ( 国青队 ) , represents the People 's Republic of China in international football competitions in the FIFA U-20 World Cup and the AFC Youth Championship , as well as any other under-20 international football tournaments . It is governed by the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Columbia_Children's_Hospital", "text": "British Columbia Children 's Hospital is a medical facility located in Vancouver , British Columbia , and is an agency of the Provincial Health Services Authority . It specializes in health care for patients from birth to 16 + 364 days of age , unless followed by a specialist team . It is also a teaching and research facility for children 's medicine . The hospital also operates the Sunny Hill Health Centre for Children , which provides specialized services to children and youth with developmental disabilities aged birth to 19 . The hospital is adjacent to the B.C . Women 's Hospital & Health Centre . Previously , the two were officially a single organization and were known as the Children 's & Women 's Health Centre of British Columbia . Working with the hospital and the community , the BC Children 's Hospital Foundation raises funds to support and enhance the delivery of pediatric care in British Columbia . The Foundation provides funding to B.C . Children 's Hospital , as well as its sister facilities , the BC Children 's Hospital Research Institute and Sunny Hill Health Centre , to support research into childhood diseases , the purchase of medical equipment , and a range of child health education and training programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wendy_Williams_(media_personality)", "text": "Wendy Williams Hunter ( born Wendy Joan Williams ; July 18 , 1964 ) is an American television host , businesswoman , media personality and author . Since 2008 , she has hosted the nationally syndicated television talk show The Wendy Williams Show . Prior to television , Williams was a radio DJ and host and quickly became known in New York as a shock jockette . She gained notoriety for her on-air spats with celebrities and was the subject of the 2006 VH1 reality TV series The Wendy Williams Experience which broadcast events surrounding her radio show . She was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 2009 . She has written a New York Times best-selling autobiography and six other books , and has created product lines including a fashion line , a jewelry collection and a wig line . On her 50th birthday , the council of Asbury Park , New Jersey renamed the street on which she grew up Wendy Williams Way ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Religious_broadcasting", "text": "Religious broadcasting refers to the dissemination of television and/or radio content that intentionally has religious ideas , religious experience , or religious practice as its core focus . In some countries , religious broadcasting developed primarily within the context of public service provision ( as in the UK ) , whilst in others , it has been driven more by religious organisations themselves ( as in the USA ) . Across Europe and in the US and Canada , religious broadcasting began in the earliest days of radio , usually with the transmission of religious worship , preaching or 'talks ' . Over time , formats evolved to include a broad range of styles and approaches , including radio and television drama , documentary , and chat show formats , as well as more traditional devotional content . Today , many religious organizations record sermons and lectures , and have moved into distributing content on their own web-based IP channels . Religious broadcasting can be funded commercially or through some sort of public broadcasting-style arrangement ( religious broadcasters are often recognized as non-profit organizations ) . Donations from listeners and viewers , often tax-deductible , are solicited by some broadcasters . In the US , 42 percent of non-commercial radio stations currently have a religious format where on the other hand about 80 percent of the 2,400 Christian radio stations and 100 full-power Christian TV stations throughout the entire United States are considered non-profit . In some countries , particularly those with an established state religion , broadcasting related to one particular religion only is allowed , or in some cases required . For example , a function of the state-owned Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation is by law to broadcast such programmes as may promote Islamic ideology , national unity and principles of democracy , freedom equality , tolerance and social justice as enunciated by Islam . ( s. 10 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dan_August", "text": "Dan August is an American crime drama series which aired on ABC from September 23 , 1970 , to April 8 , 1971 . Burt Reynolds played the title character . Reruns of the series aired in prime time on CBS from May to October 1973 and from April to June 1975 . In 2018 , after Reynolds ' death , the series was shown on the television network getTV , along with his other cop series of the era , Hawk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KDRS-FM", "text": "KDRS-FM ( 107.1 FM , Jack FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult hits format . Licensed to Paragould , Arkansas , United States , it serves the Jonesboro area . The station is currently owned by Mor Media , Inc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_anti-Sikh_riots", "text": "The 1984 anti-Sikh riots , also known as the 1984 Sikh Massacre , was a series of organised pogroms against Sikhs in India in response to the assassination of Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards . The ruling Indian National Congress had been in active complicity with the mob , as to the organisation of the riots . Government estimates project that about 2,800 Sikhs were killed in Delhi and 3,350 nationwide , whilst independent sources estimate the number of deaths at about 8,000-17,000 Violence continued in the early 1980s because of the armed Sikh separatist Khalistan movement which sought independence from India . In July 1982 , the Sikh political party Akali Dal 's President Harchand Singh Longowal had invited Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale to take up residence in Golden Temple Complex to evade arrest . Bhindranwale later on made the sacred temple complex an armoury and headquarters . In the violent events leading up to the Operation Blue Star since the inception of Akali Dharm Yudh Morcha , the militants had killed 165 Hindus and Nirankaris , even 39 Sikhs opposed to Bhindranwale were killed . The total number of deaths was 410 in violent incidents and riots while 1,180 people were injured . Operation Blue Star was an Indian military operation carried out between 1 and 8 June 1984 , ordered by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi to remove militant religious leader Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale and his armed militants from the buildings of the Harmandir Sahib complex in Amritsar , Punjab . Bhindranwale died and militants were removed from the temple complex . The military action in the temple complex was criticized by Sikhs worldwide who had interpreted it as an assault on Sikh religion . Four months after the operation , on 31 October 1984 , Indira Gandhi was assassinated in vengeance by her two Sikh bodyguards , Satwant Singh and Beant Singh , who shot Indira Gandhi 33 times . Public outcry over Gandhi 's death led to the killings of Sikhs in the ensuing riots ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2nd_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 2nd Mountain Division is an infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II created for deception purposes in order to control Line of Communications and Sub-area formations within Persia and Iraq Command . It was formed by the re designation of the 30th Indian Infantry Brigade on 15 August 1942 . It was later converted to HQ Northern Iraq Area on 15 October 1944 . During the period 1942-44 the division was converted and re-converted from the 31st Indian Infantry Brigade and the 90th Indian Infantry Brigade . 31 Indian Infantry Brigade was formed on 15 January 1943 , from the Mosul-Teheran Lines of Communications Sub-Area . It only had two units assigned which were The Central India Horse ( 21st King George V 's Own Horse ) and the 2nd Hyderabad Infantry , Indian State Forces . On 15 May 1943 it was reconverted into 2 Indian Division . On 1 June 1943 , 31 Indian Infantry Brigade was reformed from HQ Kermanshah LOC Sub-Area . The brigade was disbanded on 14 October 1944 . Thus 2 Indian Division had been reformed on 15 May 1943 . Three months later , on 13 August 1943 , it was reorganised as 90 Indian Brigade under Lieutenant-Colonel GH Pulling . 90 Indian Brigade served for ten months and then was disbanded in June 1944 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bintang_Timur_Surabaya", "text": "Bintang Timur Surabaya is an Indonesian professional futsal club based in Surabaya , East Java . The club plays in the Indonesia Pro Futsal League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grace_Kelly", "text": "Grace Patricia Kelly ( November 12 , 1929 - September 14 , 1982 ) was an American film actress who , after starring in several significant films in the early- to mid-1950s , became Princess of Monaco by marrying Prince Rainier III in April 1956 . After embarking on an acting career in 1950 when she was 20 , Kelly appeared in New York City theatrical productions and more than 40 episodes of live drama productions broadcast during the early 1950s Golden Age of Television . From 1952 to 1956 she starred in several critically and commercially successful films , usually opposite male romantic leads 25 to 30 years older than her . In October 1953 , she gained stardom from her performance in director John Ford 's African-filmed adventure-romance Mogambo , starring Clark Gable and Ava Gardner , which won her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress . In 1954 she won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her deglamorized performance in the drama The Country Girl with Bing Crosby . Other noteworthy films in which she starred include the western High Noon ( 1952 ) , with Gary Cooper ; the romance-comedy musical High Society ( 1956 ) , with Bing Crosby and Frank Sinatra ; and three Alfred Hitchcock suspense thrillers in rapid succession : Dial M for Murder ( 1954 ) , with Ray Milland ; Rear Window ( 1954 ) , with James Stewart ; and To Catch a Thief ( 1955 ) , with Cary Grant . Kelly retired from acting at the age of 26 to marry Rainier , and began her duties as Princess of Monaco . It is well known that Hitchcock was hoping she would appear in more of his films which required an icy blonde lead actress , but he was unable to coax her out of retirement . Kelly and Rainier had three children : Princess Caroline , Prince Albert , and Princess Stéphanie . Kelly retained her link to America by her dual U.S. and Monégasque citizenship . Princess Grace died at Monaco Hospital on September 14 , 1982 , succumbing to injuries sustained in a traffic collision the previous day . At the time of her death she was 52 years old ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Illinois_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Illinois Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Illinois in the Miss Teen USA pageant . It is directed by Vanbros and Associates and is previously directed by D & D Productions from 2001 to 2014 before becoming part of Vanbros organization in 2014 , headquartered in Lenexa , Kansas . Illinois is in the top ten states in terms of number and value of placements over the thirty-seven years of the Miss Teen USA competition . Illinois ties with Florida for the most Miss Photogenic awards won at Miss Teen USA ( 3 ) and has won more awards than any other state . Like the Miss USA Pageant , Illinois went on to win the Miss Teen USA title in the second edition of the pageant . Three Illinois teens have competed at Miss USA , although none won the Miss Illinois USA title . The first was Cherise Haugen , Illinois ' only Miss Teen USA , who competed as Miss Teen USA at the 1985 pageant ( the first few Miss Teen USAs were given this opportunity ) . Later two more would compete at the Miss USA pageant , representing Vanbros states : Terri Bollinger represented Missouri in 1999 and Anne-Marie Dixon Oklahoma in 1998 . Vanbros is a pageant production company that owns the Miss Teen USA franchises for , and produces and directs , several state pageants in the Midwest . The Miss Illinois Teen USA Pageant has been the single largest official state preliminary competition with over 150 contestants every year since at least 2002 and has always ranked among the top ten largest state preliminary pageants . [ citation needed ] Victoria Blair Rhemrev of Chicago was crowned Miss Illinois Teen USA 2020 on September 2 , 2019 at Braden Auditorium in Bloomington-Normal . She will represent Illinois for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 on the spring of 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Veracruz,_Veracruz", "text": "Veracruz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ beɾaˈkɾus ] ( listen ) ) , officially known as Heroica Veracruz , is a major port city and municipality on the Gulf of Mexico in the Mexican state of Veracruz . The city is located along the coast in the central part of the state , 90 km ( 56 mi ) southeast of the state capital Xalapa along Federal Highway 140 . It is the state 's most populous city , with a population that is greater than the municipality 's population , as part of the city of Veracruz extends into the neighboring Boca del Río Municipality . At the 2010 census , the city had 554,830 inhabitants , 428,323 in Veracruz Municipality and 126,507 in Boca del Río Municipality . Developed during Spanish colonization , Veracruz has been Mexico 's oldest , largest , and historically most significant port . When the Spanish explorer Hernán Cortés arrived in Mexico on April 22 , 1519 , he founded a city here , which he named Villa Rica de la Vera Cruz , referring to the area 's gold and dedicated to the True Cross , because he landed on the Christian holy day of Good Friday , the day of the Crucifixion . It was the first Spanish settlement on the mainland of the Americas to receive a coat-of-arms . During the colonial period , this city had the largest mercantile class and was at times wealthier than the capital of Mexico City . Its wealth attracted the raids of 17th-century pirates , against which fortifications such as Fort San Juan de Ulúa were built . In the 19th and early 20th centuries , Veracruz was invaded on different occasions by France and the United States ; during the 1914 Tampico Affair , US troops occupied the city for seven months . For much of the 20th century , the production of petroleum was most important for the state 's economy but , in the latter 20th century and into the 21st , the port has re-emerged as the main economic engine . It has become the principal port for most of Mexico 's imports and exports , especially for the automotive industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1920_in_aviation", "text": "This is a list of aviation-related events from 1920 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Didache", "text": "The Didache ( /ˈdɪdəkeɪ , -ki/ ; Greek : Διδαχή , , translit . Didakhé , lit . 'Teaching ' ) , also known as The Lord 's Teaching Through the Twelve Apostles to the Nations ( Διδαχὴ Κυρίου διὰ τῶν δώδεκα ἀποστόλων τοῖς ἔθνεσιν ) , is a brief anonymous early Christian treatise written in Koine Greek , dated by most modern scholars to the first century . The first line of this treatise is The teaching of the Lord to the Gentiles ( or Nations ) by the twelve apostles . [ a ] The text , parts of which constitute the oldest extant written catechism , has three main sections dealing with Christian ethics , rituals such as baptism and Eucharist , and Church organization . The opening chapters describe the virtuous Way of Life and the wicked Way of Death . The Lord 's Prayer is included in full . Baptism is by immersion , or by affusion if immersion is not practical . Fasting is ordered for Wednesdays and Fridays . Two primitive Eucharistic prayers are given . Church organization was at an early stage of development . Itinerant apostles and prophets are important , serving as chief priests and possibly celebrating the Eucharist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holbeach_Drove", "text": "Holbeach Drove is a village in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east from Crowland , and at the junction of the B1166 and the B1168 roads ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sahiwal_Coal_Power_Project", "text": "The Sahiwal Coal Power Project is a coal power plant project located in the province of Punjab in Pakistan by the name of Huaneng Shandong Ruyi ( Pakistan ) Energy ( Limited ) . It has an installed capacity of 1320 MW . It commenced full operations on 3 July 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parliament_of_Romania", "text": "The Parliament of Romania ( Romanian : Parlamentul României ) is the national legislature of Romania , consisting of the Chamber of Deputies ( Camera Deputaților ) , and the Senate ( Senat ) . Its meeting place is at the Palace of the Parliament in Bucharest . Prior to the modification of the Constitution in 2003 , the two houses had identical attributes . A text of a law had to be approved by both houses . If the text differed , a special commission ( comisie de mediere ) was formed by deputies and senators , that negotiated between the two houses the form of the future law . The report of this commission had to be approved in a joint session of the Parliament . After the 2003 referendum , a law still has to be approved by both houses , but each house has designated matters it gets to deliberate before the other , in capacity of deciding chamber ( Romanian : cameră decizională ) . If that first chamber adopts a law proposal ( relating to its competences ) , it is passed on to the other one , which can approve or reject . If it makes amendments , the bill is sent back to the deciding chamber , the decision of which is final . In 2009 , a referendum was held to consult the population about turning the parliament into a unicameral body and reducing the number of representatives to 300 . Although the referendum passed , the results are not binding , a referendum explicitly mentioning the modification of the constitution being required to achieve this ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mars_(astrology)", "text": "Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is . Before the age of telescopes , the night sky was thought to consist of two very similar components : fixed stars , which remained motionless in relation to each other , and wandering stars ( Ancient Greek : ἀστέρες πλανῆται asteres planetai ) , which moved relative to the fixed stars over the course of the year . To the Greeks and the other earliest astronomers , this group consisted of the five planets visible to the naked eye and excluded Earth . Although strictly , the term planet applied only to those five objects , the term was latterly broadened , particularly in the Middle Ages , to include the Sun and the Moon ( sometimes referred to as Lights ) , making a total of seven planets . Astrologers retain this definition today . To ancient astrologers , the planets represented the will of the gods and their direct influence upon human affairs . To modern astrologers , the planets can represent basic drives or urges in the unconscious , or energy flow regulators representing dimensions of experience . They express themselves with different qualities in the twelve signs of the zodiac and in the twelve houses . The planets are also related to each other in the form of aspects . Modern astrologers differ on the source of the correlations between planetary positions and configurations , on the one hand , and characteristics and destinies of the natives , on the other . Hone writes that the planets exert it directly through gravitation or another , unknown influence . Others hold that the planets have no direct influence in themselves , but are mirrors of basic organizing principles in the universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RML_64_pounder_71_cwt_gun", "text": "The RML 64-pounder 71 cwt guns ( converted ) were British rifled muzzle-loading guns converted from obsolete smoothbore 8-inch 65 cwt shell guns in the 1860s-1870s . [ note 1 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 1984 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , California , United States ( and other venues around the United States ) . This was the second time that Los Angeles had hosted the Games , the first being in 1932 . California was the home state of then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan , who officially opened the Games . The logo for the 1984 Games , branded Stars in Motion , featured red , white and blue stars arranged horizontally and struck through with alternating streaks . The official mascot of the Games was Sam the Olympic Eagle . These were the first Summer Olympic Games under the IOC presidency of Juan Antonio Samaranch . The 1984 Games were boycotted by a total of fourteen Eastern Bloc countries , including the Soviet Union and East Germany , in response to the American-led boycott of the previous 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan ; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc nation that opted to attend the Games . Iran and Libya also chose to boycott the Games for unrelated reasons . Despite the field being depleted in certain sports due to the boycott , 140 National Olympic Committees took part , which was a record at the time . The United States won the most gold and overall medals , followed by Romania and West Germany . The 1984 Summer Olympics are widely considered to be the most financially successful modern Olympics and served as an example of how to run the model Olympic Games . As a result of low construction costs , coupled with a reliance on private corporate funding , the 1984 Olympic Games generated a profit of more than $ 250 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandnes_Idrettspark", "text": "Sandnes Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium located in Sandnes , Rogaland , Norway . It is a part of Sandnes Idrettspark and is currently used mostly for track and field meets and football matches , and is the home ground of Sandnes Ulf . The stadium 's capacity is 4,969 ( 4,109 seats ) . The venue hosted the Norwegian Athletics Championships in 1986 , 2002 , 2010 and 2017 . In August 2009 , a new floodlight system with a capacity of 1,400 lux was installed . In a 2012 survey carried out by the Norwegian Players ' Association among away-team captains , Sandnes Idrettspark was ranked fourth-worst amongst league stadiums , with a score of 2.40 on a scale from one to five . The seats currently mounted on the stadium 's north stand were donated from the old Stavanger Stadion main stand , which was renovated in 2004 . Sandnes Ulf are currently building a new home ground , Øster Hus Arena , which are located next to their current stadium . The stadium will be an all-seater with a capacity of 7,582 spectators . The new stadium are planned to be opened in the beginning of the 2019 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sakùntala", "text": "La leggenda di Sakùntala ( titled Sakùntala in its revised version ) is a three-act opera by Franco Alfano , who wrote his own libretto , basing his work on Kalidasa 's 5th-century BC drama Abhijñānaśākuntalam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maxine_Carr_(criminal)", "text": "The Soham Murders are the murders of two 10-year-old girls which occurred in Soham , Cambridgeshire , England , on 4 August 2002 . The victims , Holly Marie Wells and Jessica Aimee Chapman , were lured into the home of a local resident , Ian Kevin Huntley , who subsequently murdered the children - likely via asphyxiation - before disposing of their bodies in an irrigation ditch close to RAF Lakenheath , Suffolk . The girls ' bodies were discovered on 17 August 2002 . Ian Huntley was convicted of the murder of both girls on 17 December 2003 and sentenced to two terms of life imprisonment , with the High Court later imposing a minimum term of 40 years . His girlfriend , Maxine Ann Carr - the girls ' teaching assistant - had knowingly provided Huntley with a false alibi . She received a three-and-a-half year prison sentence for conspiring with Huntley to pervert the course of justice . The efforts made to locate Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman in the thirteen days of their disappearance have been described as one of the most intense and extensive in British criminal history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Casterton,_Cumbria", "text": "Casterton is a small village and civil parish close to Kirkby Lonsdale on the River Lune in the south east corner of Cumbria , England . The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 census was 425 . The parish is bounded by Kirkby Lonsdale , Barbon , Dent , Leck and Burrow-with-Burrow , and lies just inside the western edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park : much of the Three Counties System , the longest explored natural cave system in the country , lies beneath it . The western boundary , towards Kirkby Lonsdale , is formed by the river and has one of the finest medieval bridges in the country , one of those known as Devil 's Bridge and a local landmark . The village is situated approximately 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) from junction 36 ( Kendal and the Lakes exit ) of the M6 motorway , near the intersection of the A65 Kendal to Leeds road , and the A683 which runs up the Lune valley from the port of Heysham to the market town of Kirkby Stephen . The name of the village hints at a Roman camp , though no evidence of that has been found , but the major Roman Ribchester to Carlisle road runs to the east of the village and a cross-stone was ploughed up and reerected in the 19th century . A stone circle can be seen to the east , on top of a ridge on the flanks of Brownthwaite Pike . The Ingleton Branch Line of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway ran through the village before its closure under the Beeching axe in the mid 1960s . The largest buildings in the village are at Casterton School , a private girls ' school . The school was founded in 1820 by William Carus-Wilson as a school for servants and teachers . Carus-Wilson also founded the Clergy Daughters ' School three years later at Cowan Bridge , Burrow-with-Burrow . The two schools were amalgamated on the present site in 1833 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catcher", "text": "Catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player . When a batter takes his/her turn to hit , the catcher crouches behind home plate , in front of the ( home ) umpire , and receives the ball from the pitcher . In addition to this primary duty , the catcher is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field the position well . The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket , but in cricket , wicketkeepers are increasingly known for their batting abilities . Positioned behind home plate , the catcher can see the whole field , and is therefore in the best position to direct and lead the other players in a defensive play . The catcher typically calls for pitches using hand signals . The calls are based on the pitcher 's mechanics and strengths , as well as the batter 's tendencies and weaknesses . Foul tips , bouncing balls in the dirt , and contact with runners during plays at the plate are all events to be handled by the catcher , necessitating the use of protective equipment . This includes a mask , chest and throat protectors , shin guards , and a heavily padded catcher 's mitt . Because the position requires a comprehensive understanding of the game 's strategies , the pool of former catchers yields a disproportionate number of managers in both Major League Baseball and Minor League Baseball , including such prominent examples as Connie Mack , Steve O'Neill , Al López , Mike Scioscia , and Joe Torre . The physical and mental demands of being involved on every defensive play can wear catchers down over a long season , and can have a negative effect on their offensive output . Because of the strategic defensive importance of catching , if a catcher has exceptional defensive skills , teams are often willing to overlook their relative offensive weaknesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_nominated_members_of_Rajya_Sabha", "text": "Twelve members are nominated to the Rajya Sabha by the President of India for six-years term for their contributions towards arts , literature , sciences , and social services . This right has been bestowed upon the President according to the Fourth Schedule ( Articles 4 ( 1 ) and 80 ( 2 ) ) of the Constitution of India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/M14_rifle", "text": "The M14 rifle , officially the United States Rifle , Caliber 7.62 mm , M14 , is an American select-fire battle rifle that fires 7.62×51mm NATO ( .308 in ) ammunition . It became the standard-issue rifle for the U.S. military in 1959 replacing the M1 Garand rifle in the U.S. Army by 1958 and the U.S. Marine Corps by 1965 until being replaced by the M16 rifle beginning in 1968 . The M14 was used by U.S. Army , Navy , and Marine Corps for basic and advanced individual training ( AIT ) from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s . The M14 was the last American battle rifle issued in quantity to U.S. military personnel . It was replaced by the M16 assault rifle , a lighter weapon using a smaller caliber intermediate cartridge . The M14 rifle remains in limited service in all branches of the U.S. military , with variants used as sniper and designated marksman rifles , accurizing competition weapons , and ceremonial weapons by honor guards , color guards , drill teams and ceremonial guards . Civilian semi-automatic models are used for hunting , plinking , target shooting , and shooting competitions . The M14 is the basis for the M21 and M25 sniper rifles which were largely replaced by the M24 Sniper Weapon System . A new variant of the M14 , the Mk 14 Enhanced Battle Rifle ( EBR ) , has been in service since 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PTC_Integrity", "text": "PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager ( formerly MKS Integrity ) is a software system lifecycle management ( SSLM ) and application lifecycle management ( ALM ) platform developed by MKS Inc. and was first released in 2001 . The software is client/server , with both desktop ( java/swing ) and web client interfaces . It provides software development organizations with a collaborative environment in which they can manage the end-to-end processes of development , from requirements management , engineering change management , revision control , and build management to test management and software deployment as well as associated reports & metrics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tō", "text": "Pagodas in Japan are called tō ( 塔 , lit . pagoda ) , sometimes buttō ( 仏塔 , lit . Buddhist pagoda ) or tōba ( 塔婆 , lit . pagoda ) and historically derive from the Chinese pagoda , itself an interpretation of the Indian stupa . Like the stupa , pagodas were originally used as reliquaries but in many cases they ended up losing this function . Pagodas are quintessentially Buddhist and an important component of Japanese Buddhist temple compounds but , because until the Kami and Buddhas Separation Act of 1868 , a Shinto shrine was normally also a Buddhist temple and vice versa , they are not rare at shrines either . The famous Itsukushima Shrine , for example , has one . After the Meiji Restoration the word tō , once used exclusively in a religious context , came to mean also tower in the western sense , as for example in Eiffel tower ( エッフェル塔 , Efferu-tō ) . Of the Japanese pagoda 's many forms , some are built in wood and are collectively known as mokutō ( 木塔 , lit . wood pagoda ) , but most are carved out of stone ( sekitō ( 石塔 , lit . stone pagoda ) . Wood pagodas are large buildings with either two stories ( like the tahōtō ( 多宝塔 , lit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monuments_of_Japan", "text": "Monuments ( 記念物 , kinenbutsu ) is a collective term used by the Japanese government 's Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties to denote Cultural Properties of Japan [ note 1 ] as historic locations such as shell mounds , ancient tombs , sites of palaces , sites of forts or castles , monumental dwelling houses and other sites of high historical or scientific value ; gardens , bridges , gorges , mountains , and other places of great scenic beauty ; and natural features such as animals , plants , and geological or mineral formations of high scientific value ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2014_Commonwealth_Games_–_Men's_long_jump", "text": "The Men 's long jump at the 2014 Commonwealth Games was part of the athletics programme . The two-day event was held at Hampden Park on 29 and 30 July 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1984_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_400_metres_hurdles", "text": "The Women 's 400 metres Hurdles at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California ( USA ) had an entrylist of 26 competitors , with four qualifying heats ( 26 runners ) and two semifinals ( 16 ) before the final ( 8 ) took place on August 8 , 1984 . The women 's event was for the first time contested at the Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicholas_B._Doe", "text": "Nicholas Bartlett Doe ( June 16 , 1786 - December 6 , 1856 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1991–92_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 1991-92 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began in November 1991 and ended with the Final Four at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis , Minnesota on April 6 , 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vladimir_Malakhov_(ice_hockey)", "text": "Vladimir Igorevich Malakhov ( Russian : Владимир Игоревич Малахов ; born August 30 , 1968 ) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey player of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He has also played in the Russian Super League . Malakhov was drafted by the New York Islanders in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft , tenth round , 191st overall . He has played for Spartak Moscow , CSKA Moscow , New York Islanders , Montreal Canadiens , New Jersey Devils ( winning the Stanley Cup in 2000 ) , New York Rangers and the Philadelphia Flyers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aaran_Lines", "text": "Aaran Franklyn Lines ( born 21 December 1976 ) is a retired New Zealand association football player and former head coach of the Western New York Flash . He has represented New Zealand at international level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bloomington-Normal,_Illinois", "text": "Bloomington-Normal , officially known as the Bloomington , Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area , is a metropolitan area in Central Illinois anchored by the twin municipalities of Bloomington and Normal . At the 2010 census , the municipalities had a combined urban population of 132,600 , while the metropolitan area had a population of 169,572 . The two-city area is colloquially known as Blo-No . Prior to 2013 , the metropolitan area consisted of only McLean County . In 2013 , the Office of Management and Budget revised the delineations of the metropolitan area to include all of DeWitt and McLean counties . Additionally , the Bloomington-Pontiac Combined Statistical Area was created to combine the Bloomington MSA with the Pontiac , Illinois micropolitan statistical area . The CSA includes all of DeWitt , McLean , and Livingston counties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddy_Viator", "text": "Eddy Viator ( born 2 June 1982 ) is a footballer who plays for Guadeloupe club Solidarité-Scolaire as a defender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sesto_San_Giovanni", "text": "Sesto San Giovanni ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈsɛsto san dʒoˈvanni ] ; Western Lombard : Sest San Giovann [ ˈsɛst ˌsãː dʒuˈʋan ] ) , locally referred to as just Sesto ( Lombard : Sest ) , is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Milan , Lombardy , northern Italy . Its railway station is the northernmost stop on the Milan Metro M1 line . The comune has the honorary title of city , despite being a de facto suburb of Milan . An unimportant agglomerate of buildings until the 19th century , Sesto San Giovanni grew during the end of the 19th century and in the early 20th century , becoming the site of several industries , including companies such as Falck , Campari , Magneti Marelli and Breda . In that period the population increased rapidly , from 5,000 inhabitants in 1880 to 14,000 in 1911 . After World War II , Sesto became populated by many migrants from other parts of Italy , leading to an increased population of 95,000 inhabitants in 1981 . Sesto used to be referred to as the Stalingrad of Italy , due to the strong historical presence of the Italian Communist Party and to its resistance to fascism in World War Two . Because of its diverse and growing industries , Sesto has drawn many migrants . Census statistics from 2016 state that 17% of the population is not Italian . In the 1990s , Sesto San Giovanni suffered an economic crisis , and most of the larger companies in the town closed their premises . The town partially succeeded in converting its economy from steel production to service industries . Several large companies opened offices in Sesto , such as ABB Group , WIND Telecommunications , Impregilo and Oracle Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warszawa", "text": "Warsaw ( /ˈwɔːrsɔː/ WOR-saw ; Polish : Warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of Poland . The metropolis stands on the Vistula River in east-central Poland and its population is officially estimated at 1.8 million residents . With a greater metropolitan area of 3.1 million residents , Warsaw is the 5th most-populous urban area in the European Union . The city limits cover 517.24 square kilometres ( 199.71 sq mi ) , while the metropolitan area covers 6,100.43 square kilometres ( 2,355.39 sq mi ) . Warsaw is an alpha global city , a major international tourist destination , and a significant cultural , political and economic hub . Its historical old town was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Once described as the Paris of the North , Warsaw was believed to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world until World War II . Bombed at the start of the German invasion in 1939 , the city withstood a siege for which it was later awarded Poland 's highest military decoration for heroism , the Virtuti Militari . Deportations of the Jewish population to concentration camps led to the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943 and the destruction of the Ghetto after a month of combat . A general Warsaw Uprising between August and October 1944 led to even greater devastation and systematic razing by the Germans in advance of the Vistula-Oder Offensive . Warsaw gained the new title of Phoenix City because of its extensive history and complete reconstruction after World War II , which had left over 85% of its buildings in ruins . Warsaw is one of Europe 's most dynamic metropolitan cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blagnac", "text": "Blagnac ( French pronunciation : ​ [ blaɲak ] ; Occitan : Blanhac ) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France . It is the third-largest suburb of the city of Toulouse , although governed by a separate council , and is adjacent to it on the northwest side . It is a member of the Toulouse Métropole ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Executive", "text": "The Ford Zephyr is a car that was manufactured by Ford of Britain from 1950 to 1972 . Initially , the four cylinder version was named Ford Consul but from 1962 both four- and six-cylinder versions were named Zephyr , the Consul name having been discontinued on this line of cars . The Zephyr , and its luxury variants , the Ford Zodiac and Ford Executive , were the largest passenger cars in the British Ford range from 1950 until their replacement by the Consul and Granada models in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Sims_(American_football)", "text": "Charles Edwards Sims ( born September 19 , 1990 ) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent . He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the third round of the 2014 NFL Draft . He played college football at Houston and West Virginia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wright_County,_Missouri", "text": "Wright County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 18,815 . Its county seat is Hartville . The county was officially organized on January 29 , 1841 , and is named after Silas Wright ( D-New York ) , a former Congressman , U.S . Senator and Governor of New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leicester_City_F.C.", "text": "Leicester City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Leicester in the East Midlands . The club competes in the Premier League , England 's top division of football , and plays its home games at the King Power Stadium . The club was founded in 1884 as Leicester Fosse F.C. , playing on a field near Fosse Road . They moved to Filbert Street in 1891 , were elected to the Football League in 1894 and adopted the name Leicester City in 1919 . They moved to the nearby Walkers Stadium in 2002 , which was renamed the King Power Stadium in 2011 . Leicester won the 2015-16 Premier League , their first top-level football championship . They are one of only six clubs to have won the Premier League since its inception in 1992 . A number of newspapers described Leicester 's title win as the greatest sporting shock ever , multiple bookmakers had never paid out at such long odds for any sport . As a result , the team was dubbed The Unbelievables , a spin-off harking back to Arsenal 's undefeated team The Invincibles . The club 's previous highest finish was second place in the top flight , in 1928-29 , then known as the First Division . Throughout their history , Leicester have spent all but one season in the top two divisions of English football . They hold a joint-highest seven second-tier titles ( six Second Division and one Championship ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patsy_Palmer", "text": "Julie Anne Merkell ( née Harris ) ( born 26 May 1972 ) , known professionally as Patsy Palmer , is an English actress and DJ , known for her roles as Natasha in the children 's drama series Grange Hill ( 1985-1987 ) , and Bianca Jackson in the BBC soap opera EastEnders ( 1993-1999 , 2008-2014 , 2019 ) , which earned her the British Soap Award for Best Actress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Santo_André", "text": "Esporte Clube Santo André , also known as Santo André , is a Brazilian football team from Santo André , São Paulo state . Santo André greatest rival is São Caetano , the other team in ABC region . The club 's mascot name is Ramalhão ( Big Ramalho ) after the bandeirante João Ramalho . João Ramalho founded the city of Santo André in 1553 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ABC_news", "text": "ABC News is the news division of the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) . Its flagship program is the daily evening newscast ABC World News Tonight with David Muir ; other programs include morning news-talk show Good Morning America , Nightline , Primetime , and 20/20 , and Sunday morning political affairs program This Week with George Stephanopoulos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Rage_to_Live", "text": "A Rage to Live is a 1965 American drama film directed by Walter Grauman and starring Suzanne Pleshette as a woman whose passions wreak havoc on her life . The screenplay by John T. Kelley is based on the 1949 novel of the same name by John O'Hara ."}
{"title": "/wiki/GP_Mario_De_Clercq", "text": "The GP Mario De Clercq is a cyclo-cross race held since 2000 in Ronse , Belgium with a break between 2004 and 2010 . The track was drawn by former world champion Mario De Clercq , nameholder of this event and manager of Sunweb-Napoleon Games . From the 2011-2012 season to the 2017-2018 season , it was a part of the BPost Bank Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwangju", "text": "Gwangju [ a ] ( Korean pronunciation : [ kwaŋ.dʑu ] ) is the sixth-largest city in South Korea . It is a designated metropolitan city under the direct control of the central government 's Home Minister . The city was also the capital of South Jeolla Province until the provincial office moved to the southern village of Namak in Muan County in 2005 because Gwangju was promoted to a metropolitan city and was independent from South Jeolla province . Its name is composed of the words Gwang ( Korean : 광 ; Hanja : 光 ) meaning light and Ju ( 주 ; 州 ) meaning province . Gwangju was historically recorded as Muju ( 무주 ; 武州 ) , in which Silla merged all of the land to establish the provinces of Gwangju , Ungju , Jeonju , Muju and various counties , plus the southern boundary of Goguryeo and the ancient territories of Silla in the Samguk Sagi . In the heart of the agricultural Jeolla region , the city is also famous for its rich and diverse cuisine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_2001", "text": "The 36th Biathlon World Championships were held in 2001 for the second time in Pokljuka , Slovenia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milan", "text": "Milan ( /mɪˈlæn/ , US also /mɪˈlɑːn/ , Italian : Milano [ miˈlaːno ] ( listen ) , Milanese : [ miˈlãː ] ( listen ) ) is a city in northern Italy , capital of Lombardy , and the second-most populous city in Italy after Rome . Milan served as the capital of the Western Roman Empire , the Duchy of Milan and the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia . The city proper has a population of about 1.4 million while its metropolitan city has 3.23 million inhabitants . Its continuously built-up urban area , that stretches well beyond the boundaries of its administrative metropolitan city , is the fourth largest in the EU with 5.27 million inhabitants . The population within the wider Milan metropolitan area , also known as Greater Milan , is estimated at 8.2 million , making it by far the largest metropolitan area in Italy and the 4th largest in the EU . Milan is considered a leading alpha global city , with strengths in the field of the art , commerce , design , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , services , research and tourism . Its business district hosts Italy 's stock exchange ( Italian : Borsa Italiana ) , and the headquarters of national and international banks and companies . In terms of GDP , it has the second-largest economy among EU cities after Paris , and is the wealthiest among EU non-capital cities . Milan is considered part of the Blue Banana and one of the Four Motors for Europe . The city has been recognized as one of the world 's four fashion capitals thanks to several international events and fairs , including Milan Fashion Week and the Milan Furniture Fair , which are currently among the world 's biggest in terms of revenue , visitors and growth . It hosted the Universal Exposition in 1906 and 2015 . The city hosts numerous cultural institutions , academies and universities , with 11% of the national total enrolled students ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Illinois's_15th_congressional_district", "text": "The 15th Congressional District of Illinois is located in eastern and southeastern Illinois . It is currently represented by Republican John Shimkus . On August 30 , 2019 , Shimkus announced that he would not seek re-election in 2020 . The district has a Cook PVI rating of R+21 , making it the most Republican district in Illinois and one of the most Republican in the Midwest . There are almost no Democrats elected above the county level , and Donald Trump carried over 70% of the district 's vote in his 2016 presidential bid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._men's_college_basketball_national_player_of_the_year_awards", "text": "This article lists U.S. men 's college basketball national player of the year awards . Several different organizations sponsor an award for the nation 's top player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Higashiōmi,_Shiga", "text": "Higashiomi ( 東近江市 , Higashiōmi-shi , lit . East Ōmi ) is a city located in Shiga Prefecture , Japan . As of 2016 , the city has an estimated population of 113,460 and a population density of 290 persons per km² . The total area is 388.58 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glenfield_Rovers", "text": "Glenfield Rovers is a semi-professional football ( soccer ) club based in Glenfield , New Zealand . that competes in the Lotto NRFL Premier League"}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Zealand", "text": "New Zealand ( Māori : Aotearoa [ aɔˈtɛaɾɔa ] ) is a sovereign island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The country has two main landmasses - the North Island ( Te Ika-a-Māui ) , and the South Island ( Te Waipounamu ) - and around 600 smaller islands . It has a total land area of 268,000 square kilometres ( 103,500 sq mi ) . New Zealand is about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,200 mi ) east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and 1,000 kilometres ( 600 mi ) south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . Because of its remoteness , it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans . During its long period of isolation , New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal , fungal , and plant life . The country 's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks , such as the Southern Alps , owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions . New Zealand 's capital city is Wellington , and its most populous city is Auckland . Sometime between 1250 and 1300 , Polynesians settled in the islands and developed a distinctive Māori culture . In 1642 , Dutch explorer Abel Tasman became the first European to sight New Zealand . In 1840 , representatives of the United Kingdom and Māori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waitangi , which declared British sovereignty over the islands . In 1841 , New Zealand became a colony within the British Empire and in 1907 it became a dominion ; it gained full statutory independence in 1947 and the British monarch remained the head of state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yuri_Chechi", "text": "Jury Dimitri Chechi Commendatore OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈjuːri ˈkeːki ] ; born 11 October 1969 ) is a retired Italian gymnast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Free_skating", "text": "The free skating segment of figure skating , also called the free skate and the long program , is the second of two segments of competitions , skated after the short program . Its duration , across all disciplines , is four minutes for senior skaters and teams , and three-and-one-half minutes for junior skaters and teams . Vocal music with lyrics is allowed for all disciplines since the 2014 - 2015 season . The free skating program , across all disciplines , must be well-balanced and include certain elements described and published by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fredrikstad_Stadion", "text": "The Fredrikstad Stadion is a football stadium in Fredrikstad , Norway and home of the Norwegian First Division team Fredrikstad FK . It is located in an area which formerly used to be a large shipyard ( locally known as Værste or FMV ) , but which nowadays is the technological centre of the city , with several companies and a college . The frontage of the stadium is built to replicate the original halls of the workshop . This makes it architecturally unique . The stadium was built to replace Old Fredrikstad Stadion , which was considered to be one of the eldest and most worn-out stadium in the country . The total capacity is approximately 12,560 , all seated . There is a possibility to expand it furthermore , to some 15,000 seats . The venue has hosted Norway national under-21 football team matches five times , playing 0-1 against Netherlands on 7 September 2007 , 2-1 against Switzerland on 12 September 2007 , 0-0 against Macedonia on 9 September 2008 , 1-3 against Croatia on 5 September 2009 and 0-1 against Serbia on 9 September 2009 . In a 2012 survey carried out by the Norwegian Players ' Association among away-team captains , Fredrikstad Stadion was ranked as the sixth , with a score of 4.20 on a scale from one to five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Conference", "text": "The Southern Conference ( SoCon ) is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I . Southern Conference football teams compete in the Football Championship Subdivision ( formerly known as Division I-AA ) . Member institutions are located in the states of Alabama , Georgia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , and Virginia . Established in 1921 , the Southern Conference ranks as the fifth-oldest major college athletic conference in the United States , and either the third- or fourth-oldest in continuous operation , depending on definitions . Among conferences currently in operation , the Big Ten ( 1896 ) and Missouri Valley ( 1907 ) are indisputably older . The Pac-12 Conference did not operate under its current charter until 1959 , but claims the history of the Pacific Coast Conference , founded in 1915 , as its own . The Southwest Conference ( SWC ) was founded in 1914 , but ceased operation in 1996 . The Big Eight Conference claimed the same history as the Missouri Valley from 1907 to 1928 during its existence ; though it essentially merged with four SWC members to form the Big 12 Conference in 1996 , the Big 12 does not claim the Big Eight 's legacy . The Ivy League was formally organized in 1954 with athletic competition starting in 1955 , but claims the history of the Eastern Intercollegiate Basketball League , which competed from 1901 to 1955 , as its own . The SoCon was the first conference to use the three-point field goal in basketball in a November 29 , 1980 game at Western Carolina against Middle Tennessee State University ( MTSU ) , where Ronnie Carr shot the historic shot from 22 feet ( 6.7 m ) away and the Catamounts won 77-70 . The Southern Conference is considered one of the stronger football conferences in the Football Championship Subdivision and is considered a mid-major conference in basketball . It has also garnered considerable national attention from its recent success in these sports : in particular , former member , three-time Division I NCAA Football champion Appalachian State Mountaineers , who stunned the fifth-ranked Michigan Wolverines 34-32 on September 1 , 2007 ; from the Davidson Wildcats , who reached the Elite Eight in the 2008 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament by upsetting power programs Gonzaga ( a mid-major school which became a power program in the 2000s ) , Georgetown , and Wisconsin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tonne", "text": "The tonne ( /tʌn/ ( listen ) or /tɒn/ ; symbol : t ) , is a non-SI unit of mass equal to 1,000 kilograms . It is commonly referred to as a metric ton in the United States . It is equivalent to approximately 2,204.6 pounds , 1.102 short tons ( US ) or approximately 0.984 long tons ( UK ) . The official SI unit is the megagram ( Mg ) , a less common way to express the same mass . The tonne is derived from the mass of one cubic metre of pure water ; at 4 °C one thousand litres of pure water has an absolute mass of one tonne ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chongqing", "text": "Chongqing ( /ˌtʃʊŋˈtʃɪŋ/ , also US : /ˌtʃɔːŋ- , ˌtʃuːŋ-/ , Chinese : [ ʈʂʰʊ̌ŋ.tɕʰîŋ ] ( listen ) ) , alternatively romanised as Chungking , [ note 2 ] is a megacity in southwest China . Administratively , it is one of the four municipalities under the direct administration of central government of the People 's Republic of China ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality located far away from the coast . The municipality of Chongqing , which is around the size of Austria , includes the city of Chongqing and various non-connected cities . As the Chongqing municipality government directly administers the city of Chongqing , as well as rural counties , and other cities not connected to the city of Chongqing , Chongqing municipality can technically claim to be the largest city proper in the world , even though this is due to a classification technicality and not because it is actually the world 's largest urban area . Chongqing was a municipality during the Republic of China ( ROC ) administration , serving as its wartime capital during the Second Sino-Japanese War ( 1937-1945 ) . The current municipality was recreated on 14 March 1997 to help develop the central and western parts of China . The Chongqing administrative municipality has a population of over 30 million . The city of Chongqing , comprising 9 urban and suburban districts , has a population of 8,518,000 as of 2016 . According to the 2010 census , Chongqing is the most populous Chinese municipality , and also the largest direct-controlled municipality in China , containing 26 districts , eight counties , and four autonomous counties . The official abbreviation of the city , Yú ( 渝 ) , was approved by the State Council on 18 April 1997 . This abbreviation is derived from the old name of a part of the Jialing River that runs through Chongqing and feeds into the Yangtze River . Chongqing has a significant history and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taylorstown,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Taylorstown , Pennsylvania is a census-designated place in Blaine Township , Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States . Taylorstown has been assigned the ZIP codes 15323 and 15365 . As of the 2010 census the population of Taylorstown was 217 residents . It is home to the Taylorstown Historic District . Pennsylvania Route 221 runs through it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norman_Wright", "text": "Norman Wright ( 27 December 1908 - 30 January 1974 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a Winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Incheon", "text": "Incheon ( Korean : 인천 ; Hanja : 仁川 ; Korean pronunciation : [ intɕʰʌn ] ; McCune-Reischauer romanization Inchŏn ; literally kind river ) , officially the Incheon Metropolitan City ( 인천광역시 ) , is a city located in northwestern South Korea , bordering Seoul and Gyeonggi to the east . Inhabited since the Neolithic , Incheon was home to just 4,700 people when it became an international port in 1883 . Today , about 3 million people live in the city , making it South Korea 's third most-populous city after Seoul and Busan . The city 's growth has been assured in modern times with the development of its port due to its natural advantages as a coastal city and its proximity to the South Korean capital . It is part of the Seoul Capital Area , along with Seoul itself and Gyeonggi Province , forming the world 's fourth largest metropolitan area by population . Incheon has since led the economic development of Korea by opening its port to the outside world , ushering in the modernization of Korea as a center of industrialization . In 2003 , the city was designated as Korea 's first free economic zone . Since then , large local companies and global enterprises have increasingly invested in the Incheon Free Economic Zone , including Samsung which chose Songdo International City as its new investment destination for its bio industry . As an international city , Incheon has held numerous large scale international conferences , such as the Incheon Global Fair & Festival in 2009 . The 17th Asian Games Incheon 2014 was also held in Incheon on 19 September 2014 . Incheon has established itself as a major transportation hub in northeast Asia with the Incheon International Airport and Incheon Port . The city is also home to the Green Climate Fund , an international organization addressing environmental issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italianate_architecture", "text": "The Italianate style of architecture was a distinct 19th-century phase in the history of Classical architecture . In the Italianate style , the models and architectural vocabulary of 16th-century Italian Renaissance architecture , which had served as inspiration for both Palladianism and Neoclassicism , were synthesised with picturesque aesthetics . The style of architecture that was thus created , though also characterised as Neo-Renaissance , was essentially of its own time . The backward look transforms its object , Siegfried Giedion wrote of historicist architectural styles ; every spectator at every period - at every moment , indeed - inevitably transforms the past according to his own nature . The Italianate style was first developed in Britain in about 1802 by John Nash , with the construction of Cronkhill in Shropshire . This small country house is generally accepted to be the first Italianate villa in England , from which is derived the Italianate architecture of the late Regency and early Victorian eras . The Italianate style was further developed and popularised by the architect Sir Charles Barry in the 1830s . Barry 's Italianate style ( occasionally termed Barryesque ) drew heavily for its motifs on the buildings of the Italian Renaissance , though sometimes at odds with Nash 's semi-rustic Italianate villas . The style was not confined to England and was employed in varying forms , long after its decline in popularity in Britain , throughout Northern Europe and the British Empire . From the late 1840s to 1890 it achieved huge popularity in the United States , where it was promoted by the architect Alexander Jackson Davis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pashalik_of_Scutari", "text": "The Pashalik of Iskodra , or Pashalik of Shkodra ( 1757-1831 ) , was a semi-autonomous pashalik under the Ottoman Empire created by the Albanian Bushati family from the previous Sanjak of Scutari , which was situated around the city of Shkodër in modern-day Albania and parts of modern-day Montenegro . At its peak during the reign of Kara Mahmud Bushati the pashalik encompassed much of Albania , large parts of Kosovo , western Macedonia and southwestern Montenegro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sam_Nazarian", "text": "Sam Nazarian is an Iranian-American businessman , investor and philanthropist . He is the Founder , Chairman and CEO of SBE Entertainment Group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_World_Championships_in_Athletics", "text": "The 2017 IAAF World Championships , the sixteenth edition of the IAAF World Championships , were held from 4 to 13 August at London Stadium in London , UK . London was officially awarded the championships on 11 November 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Della_Duck", "text": "Della Duck is a cartoon character and core member of the Disney Duck family , both as the twin sister of Donald Duck and the mother of Donald 's famous nephews Huey , Dewey , and Louie . Della is an anthropomorphic white duck with a yellow-orange bill , legs , and feet . She typically wears an aviator hat , bomber jacket , pants , and as an adult , a robotic prosthetic leg . Della is famous for her temperamental personality and adventurous spirit , and as a female adventurer and an amputee , for being a positive role model to young girls and to children with disabilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kandersteg_BE", "text": "Kandersteg is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is located along the valley of the River Kander , west of the Jungfrau massif . It is noted for its spectacular mountain scenery and sylvan alpine landscapes . Tourism is a very significant part of its economic life today . It offers outdoor activities year-round , with hiking trails and mountain climbing as well as downhill and cross-country skiing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_W._Mackenzie", "text": "The United States of America has charged Guantanamo captives before Military Commissions , each presided over by a Presiding Officer . The Presiding Officer were initially to serve as the first among equals on bodies were the commission members served the roles similar to both judge and jury . In the first version of the Military Commissions the Presiding Officer was to be the only member of the Commission who was a lawyer . So the Presiding Officer would be making all the ruling similar to the rulings on points of law that a judge makes in courts of law . But the Presiding Officer would also be voting on the suspect 's guilt or innocence - unlike in a jury trial . The Commission system was extensively reformed in the summer of 2004 . Several of the original Commission members of the first Commission were retired , because of their inherent bias . The structure of the Commissions were changed , so that the Presiding Officer would no long vote on the suspect 's guilt . In the summer of 2005 leaked memos were published that revealsed that prior to the reorganization the first Chief Prosecutor , Fred Borch , promised his subordinates that only officers who could be counted on to convict suspects would be chose as Commission members , and that Prosecutors would not have to worry about exculpatory evidence - as it would all be classified so it could be withheld from the suspect 's attorneys on National Security grounds . Peter Brownback -- the first Presiding Officer , was unexpectedly replaced in the summer of 2008 . Critics speculated that he had been fired because he kept trying to force Omar Khadr 's prosecution to release evidence to Khadr 's Defense attorneys ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Klauk", "text": "Jeffrey Michael Klauk ( born November 28 , 1977 ) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Web.com Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jack_Ladder", "text": "Jack Ladder ( born Timothy Kenneth Rogers ) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter , guitarist and composer . His music is characterised by his baritone voice and poignant observations on love and death , often featuring gallows humour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isaac_Wilson_(1780–1848)", "text": "Isaac Wilson ( June 25 , 1780 Middlebury , then Vermont Republic , now Addison County , Vermont - October 25 , 1848 Batavia , Kane County , Illinois ) was an American politician from New York and Illinois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Natal,_Rio_Grande_do_Norte", "text": "Natal ( Brazilian Portuguese : [ naˈtaw ] ) is the capital and largest city of the state Rio Grande do Norte , located in northeastern Brazil . According to IBGE 's July 2018 report , the city had a total population of 877,640 , while Greater Natal had 1,485,505 inhabitants . The implementation of the Via Costeira ( Coastal Highway ) , 10 km ( 6.2 miles ) long avenue along the shore and the dunes , was the true starting point for the beginning of tourist activity in the State in the 1980s . The main hotels are concentrated along Via Costeira . Natal has several tourist attractions and is known for its natural environment ( such as the waters of Maracajaú and the largest cashew tree in the world ) , for its historical monuments and buildings ( e.g . Forte dos Reis Magos , the Alberto Maranhão Theatre and Newton Navarro Bridge ) , for its beaches ( such as Ponta Negra , Pipa and Genipabu ) and also for its off-season carnival , the Carnatal . The city also boasts the second largest urban park in Brazil , the Natal Dunes State Park . It is the closest state capital of Brazil to Africa and Europe . The Greater Natal International Airport connects Natal with many Brazilian cities and also operates some international flights . The city was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dionysus_(album)", "text": "Dionysus is the ninth studio album by the British-Australian band Dead Can Dance , officially released on 2 November 2018 by PIAS Recordings , six years after the group 's last album , Anastasis . Dionysus is the ancient Greek god of wine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Third_baseman", "text": "A third baseman , abbreviated 3B , is the player in baseball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base - the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run . In the scoring system used to record defensive plays , the third baseman is assigned the number ' 5 ' . The third baseman requires good reflexes in reacting to batted balls , as he is often the closest infielder ( roughly 90-120 feet ) to the batter . The third base position requires a strong and accurate arm , as the third baseman often makes long throws to first base . The third baseman sometimes must throw quickly to second base in time to start a double play . The third baseman must also field fly balls in fair and foul territory . Third base is known as the hot corner , because the third baseman is relatively close to the batter and most right-handed hitters tend to hit the ball hard in this direction . A third baseman must possess good hand-eye coordination and quick reactions in order to catch hard line drives sometimes in excess of 125 miles per hour ( 201 km/h ) . Third basemen often must begin in a position even closer to the batter if a bunt is expected , creating a hazard if the ball is instead hit sharply . As with middle infielders , right-handed throwing players are standard at the position because they do not need to turn their body before throwing across the infield to first base . Mike Squires , who played fourteen games at third base in 1982 and 1983 , is a very rare example of a third baseman who threw lefty . Some third basemen have been converted from middle infielders or outfielders because the position does not require them to run as fast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monte_Cristi_Province", "text": "Monte Cristi ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈmonte ˈkɾisti ] ) is a province in the northwest of the Dominican Republic . The capital city is San Fernando de Monte Cristi ( usually simply Monte Cristi ) . The spelling Montecristi is also seen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Collingwood_Shipyards", "text": "Collingwood Shipbuilding was a major Canadian shipbuilder of the late 19th and 20th centuries . The facility was located in the Great Lakes and saw its business peak during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bonnie_J._Dunbar", "text": "Bonnie Jeanne Dunbar ( born March 3 , 1949 ) is a former NASA astronaut . She retired from NASA in September 2005 then served as president and CEO of The Museum of Flight until April 2010 . From January 2013 - December 2015 , Dr. Dunbar lead the University of Houston 's STEM Center ( science , technology , engineering and math ) and was a faculty member in the Cullen College of Engineering . Currently , she is a professor of aerospace engineering at Texas A & M University and serves as Director of the Institute for Engineering Education and Innovation ( IEEI ) , a joint entity in the Texas A & M Engineering Experiment Station ( TEES ) and the Dwight Look College of Engineering at Texas A & M University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowling_Green_State_University", "text": "Bowling Green State University ( BGSU ) is a public research university in Bowling Green , Ohio . The 1,338-acre ( 541.5 ha ) main academic and residential campus is 15 miles ( 24 km ) south of Toledo , Ohio . The university has nationally recognized programs and research facilities in the natural and social sciences , education , arts , business , health and wellness , humanities and applied technologies . The institution was granted a charter in 1910 as a normal school , specializing in teacher training and education , as part of the Lowry Normal School Bill that authorized two new normal schools in the state of Ohio . Over the university 's history , it developed from a small rural normal school into a comprehensive public university . As of 2019 , Bowling Green offered over 200 undergraduate programs , as well as master 's and doctoral degrees through eight academic colleges . Its academic programs have been nationally ranked by Forbes magazine , U.S. News & World Report , and Washington Monthly . The University is also ranked the most affordable college in Ohio by Business Insider in 2018 . Additionally , in 2018 BGSU received designation as an Innovation and Economic Prosperity ( IEP ) university by the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities ( APLU ) and its Commission on Innovation , Competitiveness , and Economic Prosperity . The 2011 Carnegie Foundation classified BGSU as having high research activity . Research projects in the areas of psychology , sociology , education and human development , energy and sustainability are among the most prominent . BGSU had an on-campus residential student population of approximately 6,000 students and a total enrollment of over 19,000 students as of 2018 [ update ] ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norman,_Oklahoma", "text": "Norman ( /ˈnɔːrmən/ ) is a city in the U.S. state of Oklahoma located 20 miles ( 32 km ) south of downtown Oklahoma City . As the county seat of Cleveland County and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area , its population was 110,925 at the 2010 census . Norman 's estimated population of 122,843 in 2017 makes it the third-largest city in Oklahoma . Norman was settled during the Land Run of 1889 , which opened the former Unassigned Lands of Indian Territory to American pioneer settlement . The city was named in honor of Abner Norman , the area 's initial land surveyor , and was formally incorporated on May 13 , 1891 . Economically the city has prominent higher education and related research industries , as it is home to the University of Oklahoma , the largest university in the state , with nearly 32,000 students enrolled . The university is well known for its sporting events by teams under the banner of the nickname Sooners , with over 85,000 people routinely attending football games . The university is home to several museums , including the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art , which contains the largest collection of French Impressionist art ever given to an American university , as well as the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History . The National Weather Center , located in Norman , houses a unique collection of university , state , federal , and private sector organizations that work together to improve the understanding of events related to the Earth 's atmosphere . Norman lies within Tornado Alley , a geographic region where tornadic activity is particularly frequent and intense . The Oklahoma City metropolitan area , including Norman , is the most tornado-prone area in the world . The Storm Prediction Center ( SPC ) , a branch of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) is located at the NWC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Swärdh", "text": "Peter Swärdh ( born 27 February 1965 ) is a Swedish football manager and former player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Virgin,_Utah", "text": "Virgin is a town in Washington County , Utah , United States . The population was 596 at the 2010 census . The first settlement at Virgin was made in 1858 . It is located along the Virgin River ( for which it is named ) , and not far from Zion National Park . The elevation is 3,606 feet ( 1,099 m ) . It lies on the route of State Route 9 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_&_Eddie", "text": "Charles & Eddie were an American soul music duo composed of Charles Pettigrew and Eddie Chacon . Their single Would I Lie to You ? , taken from their 1992 debut album , Duophonic , won Ivor Novello Awards in 1993 in the Best Contemporary Song , Best Selling Song and International Hit of the Year categories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dollywood", "text": "Dollywood is a theme park jointly owned by entertainer Dolly Parton and Herschend Family Entertainment . It is located in the Knoxville-Smoky Mountains metroplex in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee . Hosting nearly 3 million guests in a typical season - mid-March to the Christmas holidays - Dollywood is the biggest ticketed tourist attraction in Tennessee . In addition to standard amusement park thrill rides , Dollywood features traditional crafts and music of the Smoky Mountain area . The park hosts a number of concerts and musical events each year , including appearances by Dolly Parton and her family as well as other national and local musical acts . It is also the site of the Southern Gospel Museum and Hall of Fame . The theme park is the anchor of Parton 's 150-acre ( 61 ha ) Dollywood amusement destination , which also includes the 35-acre ( 14 ha ) sister water park Dollywood 's Splash Country , the 20-acre ( 8.1 ha ) Dollywood 's DreamMore Resort and Spa , and the 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) Dolly Parton 's Stampede Dinner Attraction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_Hammer_Throw_Year_Ranking", "text": "This page lists the World Best Year Performance in the year 2006 in both the men 's and the women 's hammer throw . One of the main event during this season were the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg , Sweden , where the final of the men 's competition was held on Saturday August 12 , 2006 . The women had their final four days earlier , on Tuesday August 8 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minnedosa_(electoral_district)", "text": "Minnedosa was a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It was created in 1881 with the expansion of the province 's western boundary , and has existed continuously since that time . From 1886 to 1888 , it was divided into two ridings , Minnedosa East and Minnedosa West . Minnedosa was located in the southwestern region of Manitoba . It was bordered by Russell to the north , Ste . Rose to the east , Turtle Mountain to the east and south , and Arthur-Virden to the south and west . The constituency also surrounded the City of Brandon , which is divided into the ridings of Brandon East and Brandon West . Minnedosa itself was the largest community in the constituency . Other communities in riding the included Souris , Rivers , Rapid City , Shilo , Basswood , Wawanesa , and Erickson . Minnedosa 's population in 1996 was 18,694 . In 1999 , the average family income was $ 46,627 , and the unemployment rate was 3.50% . Agriculture accounted for 22% of the riding 's industry , followed by government services at 12% and health and social services at 12% ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona", "text": "Arizona ( /ˌærɪˈzoʊnə/ ( listen ) ; Navajo : Hoozdo Hahoodzo Navajo pronunciation : [ xòːztò xɑ̀xòːtsò ] ; O'odham : Alĭ ṣonak Uto-Aztecan pronunciation : [ ˡaɺi ˡʂonak ] ) is a state in the southwestern region of the United States . It is also part of the Western and the Mountain states . It is the 6th largest and the 14th most populous of the 50 states . Its capital and largest city is Phoenix . Arizona shares the Four Corners region with Utah , Colorado , and New Mexico ; its other neighboring states are Nevada and California to the west and the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California to the south and southwest . Arizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union , achieving statehood on February 14 , 1912 , coinciding with Valentine 's Day . Historically part of the territory of Alta California in New Spain , it became part of independent Mexico in 1821 . After being defeated in the Mexican-American War , Mexico ceded much of this territory to the United States in 1848 . The southernmost portion of the state was acquired in 1853 through the Gadsden Purchase . Southern Arizona is known for its desert climate , with very hot summers and mild winters . Northern Arizona features forests of pine , Douglas fir , and spruce trees ; the Colorado Plateau ; mountain ranges ( such as the San Francisco Mountains ) ; as well as large , deep canyons , with much more moderate summer temperatures and significant winter snowfalls . There are ski resorts in the areas of Flagstaff , Alpine , and Tucson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kienlongbank_Kiên_Giang_F.C.", "text": "Kienlongbank Kiên Giang Football Club ( Vietnamese : Câu lạc bộ bóng đá Kienlongbank Kiên Giang ) is a Vietnamese professional football club , based in Rạch Giá , Kiên Giang Province , that plays in the V-League . Founded as Nguyễn Hoàng Kiên Giang before changing its name after the team was sold to Kien Long Bank . The club plays its home games at Rạch Giá Stadium . Kienlongbank Kiên Giang were runners-up to Sài Gòn Xuân Thành in the 2011 Vietnamese First Division and are promoted to the Super League for the 2012 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brahim_Boutayeb", "text": "Moulay Brahim Boutayeb ( Arabic : مولاي ابراهيم بوطيب ; born 15 August 1967 in Khemisset ) is a retired Moroccan track and field athlete . He was the winner of the 10,000 m race at the 1988 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fergana", "text": "Fergana ( Uzbek : Fargʻona/Фарғона , فەرغانە ; Tajik : Фарғона , Farğona/Farƣona ; Persian : فرغانه Farġāna/Farqâna ; Russian : Фергана́ ) , or Ferghana , is the capital of Fergana Region in eastern Uzbekistan . Fergana is about 420 km east of Tashkent , about 75 km west of Andijan , and less than 20 km from the Kyrgyzstan border . While the area has been populated for thousands of years , the modern city was founded in 1876 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ouro_Sogui_Airport", "text": "Ouro Sogui Airport ( IATA : MAX , ICAO : GOSM ) is an airport serving Matam , a city on the Sénégal River and capital of the Matam Region in Senegal . The airport is 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) southwest of Matam , near the town of Ouro Sogui ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Journalism", "text": "Journalism is the production and distribution of reports on events . The word journalism applies to the occupation , as well as citizen journalists who gather and publish information . Journalistic media include print , television , radio , Internet , and , in the past , newsreels . Concepts of the appropriate role for journalism vary between countries . In some nations , the news media are controlled by government intervention and are not fully independent . In others , the news media are independent of the government but instead operate as private industry motivated by profit . In addition to the varying nature of how media organizations are run and funded , countries may have differing implementations of laws handling the freedom of speech and libel cases . The proliferation of the Internet and smartphones has brought significant changes to the media landscape since the turn of the 21st century . This has created a shift in the consumption of print media channels , as people increasingly consume news through e-readers , smartphones , and other personal electronic devices , as opposed to the more traditional formats of newspapers , magazines , or television news channels . News organizations are challenged to fully monetize their digital wing , as well as improvise on the context in which they publish in print . Newspapers have seen print revenues sink at a faster pace than the rate of growth for digital revenues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rodney_Weston", "text": "Rodney H. Weston ( born March 28 , 1964 ) is a businessman and politician in New Brunswick , Canada . He represented the Saint John as a Member of Parliament from 2008 until 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicheley", "text": "Chicheley is a village and civil parish in the borough of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . The village is about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north-east of Newport Pagnell . The village name is Anglo-Saxon in origin , and means Cicca 's clearing . In the Domesday Book of 1086 , the village was recorded as Cicelai . The manor of Chicheley ( which some suggest may have once been called Thickthorn ) anciently belonged to the Pagnell family of Newport Pagnell , but was given by them to the church . Through this connection the village also at one time belonged to Cardinal Wolsey , though only until his forced resignation by King Henry VIII who took all his possessions from him at that time . During the English Civil War , the manor , belonging to the Chester family , received some considerable damage , associated as it was with the garrison at Newport Pagnell . Following the civil war , the manor was demolished , and the present Chicheley Hall built on the site . All that remains of the old manor today is one Jacobean over-mantel with termini caryatids , and some panelling in the 'new ' Chicheley Hall . The parish church is dedicated to St Lawrence and has a perpendicular style central tower with large windows . The chancel , which contains a fine plaster depicting floral wreaths in relief , and a stone reredos , was rebuilt c. 1708 ; however , the church dates from the 14th century . In the nave are raised box pews , giving a theatrical air ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sergei_Ivanov_(footballer_born_1980)", "text": "Sergei Nikolayevich Ivanov ( Russian : Серге́й Николаевич Иванов ; born 30 May 1980 ) is a retired Kyrgyzstani International footballer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower", "text": "The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower , colloquially known as the Met Life Tower , is a skyscraper built in 1909 and located on Madison Avenue near the intersection with East 23rd Street , across from Madison Square Park in Manhattan , New York City . Designed by the architectural firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons and Purdy and Henderson , Engineers , built by the Hedden Construction Company , the tower is modeled after the Campanile in Venice , Italy . The office space in the Met Life Tower is occupied primarily by Credit Suisse and is also referred to as 1 Madison Avenue . Inside the building is the New York Edition Hotel , a 273-room luxury hotel that opened in 2015 . The hotel , located in the clock tower portion of the building , has the address 5 Madison Avenue , The building was designated as a city landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1989 , and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 . It was also made a National Historic Landmark in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Israel", "text": "Israel , formally known as the State of Israel ( Hebrew : מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל ) , is a country in Western Asia , located on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea . It has land borders with Lebanon to the north , Syria to the northeast , Jordan on the east , the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west , respectively , and Egypt to the southwest . The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area . Israel 's economic and technological center is Tel Aviv , while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem , although the state 's sovereignty over Jerusalem has only partial recognition . [ fn 4 ] Israel has evidence of the earliest migration of hominids out of Africa . Canaanite tribes are archaeologically attested since the Middle Bronze Age , while the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah emerged during the Iron Age . The Neo-Assyrian Empire destroyed Israel around 720 BCE . Judah was later conquered by the Babylonian , Persian and Hellenistic empires and had existed as Jewish autonomous provinces . The successful Maccabean Revolt led to an independent Hasmonean kingdom by 110 BCE , which in 63 BCE however became a client state of the Roman Republic that subsequently installed the Herodian dynasty in 37 BCE , and in 6 CE created the Roman province of Judea . Judea lasted as a Roman province until the failed Jewish revolts resulted in widespread destruction , the expulsion of the Jewish population and the renaming of the region from Iudaea to Syria Palaestina . Jewish presence in the region has persisted to a certain extent over the centuries . In the 7th century CE , the Levant was taken from the Byzantine Empire by the Arabs and remained in Muslim control until the First Crusade of 1099 , followed by the Ayyubid conquest of 1187 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olivier_Panis", "text": "Olivier Panis ( born 2 September 1966 ) is a French professional racing driver . Panis drove in Formula One for ten seasons , scoring one win at the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix for the Ligier team . As of 2019 , he is the last French driver to win a Formula One Grand Prix . He is the father of racing driver Aurélien Panis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calvert,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Calvert is a village in Buckinghamshire , England , near the village of Steeple Claydon . Originally named after a wealthy local family who had inherited property at Claydon House , Middle Claydon , on condition that they changed their surname to Verney , the village was founded as a hamlet in the Victorian era to house workers for the brick works that were constructed in the area . The Calvert Brickworks was opened in 1900 by Arthur Werner Itter , a brickmaker from the Peterborough area , but have since been closed in 1991 and turned into a nature reserve and landfill . All that remains of the hamlet is a small group of red brick terrace houses . At the start of the 21st century a new housing estate was built called Calvert Green , greatly enlarging the original village . In 2007 Calvert Green was detached from Charndon and formed into a new civil parish . At the 2011 Census the population of the village was still included in the civil parish of Charndon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowleys_Quarters,_Maryland", "text": "Bowleys Quarters is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States , with a population of 6,755 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Damián_666", "text": "Leonardo Carrera Gómez ( born June 9 , 1961 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler best known under the name Damián 666 . He has worked for World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling ( FMW ) , Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , World Wrestling Association ( WWA ) and various promotions on the Mexican independent circuit , including Perros del Mal Producciones ( PdM ) . Carrera also worked under the ring name Galaxy in WCW , a masked Luchador . Carrera often teams with Halloween , leading to the formation of the team Mexico 's Most Wanted , which has worked extensively in North America for such promotions as Xtreme Pro Wrestling ( XPW ) and Revolution Pro Wrestling ( RPW ) . Carrera 's son currently wrestles for on the international independent circuit as Bestia 666 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Project_Runway", "text": "Project Runway is an American reality television series that focuses on fashion design . The contestants compete with each other to create the best clothes and are restricted by time , materials and theme . Their designs are judged by a panel , and one or more designers are typically eliminated from the show each week . During each season , contestants are progressively eliminated until only a few contestants remain . These finalists prepare a complete fashion collection for New York Fashion Week , which determines the winner . Project Runway was created by Eli Holzman and was hosted by supermodel Heidi Klum . It has a varied airing history , with Bravo originating the first five seasons , followed by Lifetime for eleven more , before it was announced on May 14 , 2018 that the series is tentatively returning to Bravo for the seventeenth season in the wake of The Weinstein Company 's bankruptcy , pending TWC asset winner Lantern Entertainment 's acquisition of the former TWC assets . The show won a Peabody Award in 2008 for using the 'television reality contest ' genre to engage , inform , enlighten and entertain . On September 7 , 2018 , it was confirmed that Heidi Klum and the show 's mentor Tim Gunn would not be returning for a 17th season on Bravo as they both signed a deal to helm another fashion competition show on Amazon Video . In January 2019 , it was announced that American model Karlie Kloss follows Klum as the new host , with Season 4 winner Christian Siriano replacing Gunn as mentor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ActiveState", "text": "ActiveState Software Inc. is a Canadian software company headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia . It develops , sells , and supports cross-platform development tools for dynamic languages such as Perl , PHP , Python , Ruby , and Tcl , as well as language distributions and enterprise services . ActiveState is owned by its employees and Pender Financial Group , an investment company focused on technology and healthcare sectors in British Columbia after briefly being a member of the Sophos group ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newberg,_Oregon", "text": "Newberg is a city in Yamhill County , Oregon , United States . Located in the Portland metropolitan area , the city is home to George Fox University . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 22,110 making it the second most populous city in the county ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chieri", "text": "Chieri ( Italian : [ ˈkjɛːri ] ; Piedmontese : Cher ) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin , Piedmont ( Italy ) , located about 11 kilometres ( 7 miles ) southeast of Turin , 15 km ( 9 mi ) by rail and 13 km ( 8 mi ) by road . It borders the following municipalities : Baldissero Torinese , Pavarolo , Montaldo Torinese , Pino Torinese , Arignano , Andezeno , Pecetto Torinese , Riva presso Chieri , Cambiano , Santena , Poirino ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hull_F.C.", "text": "Hull Football Club , commonly referred to as Hull or Hull F.C. , is a professional rugby league football club established in 1865 and based in West Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire , England . The club plays in the Super League competition and were known as Hull Sharks from 1996-99 . Hull F.C . were one of the founding members of the Northern Rugby Football Union which was formed in 1895 in Huddersfield , making them one of the world 's first twenty-two rugby league clubs . Later that year they moved to the Hull Athletic Club 's ground at the Boulevard , Airlie Street , which gave rise to their nickname the Airlie Birds ( Early Birds ) . Traditionally people from the west side of Hull support Hull F.C . while Hull Kingston Rovers are supported by the east half , the border being the River Hull . Old Faithful is a traditional Hull F.C . terrace song . The team shares the KCOM Stadium with association football side Hull City . Their mascot is the Airlie Bird ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deportivo_Junín", "text": "Deportivo Junín is a Peruvian football club , playing in the city of Huancayo , Junín , Peru . The club is the biggest of Huancayo city . The club play in the Copa Perú which is the third division of the Peruvian league ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vaughan,_ON", "text": "Vaughan ( 2016 population 306,233 ) is a city in Ontario , Canada . It is located in the Regional Municipality of York , just north of Toronto . Vaughan was the fastest-growing municipality in Canada between 1996 and 2006 with its population increasing by 80.2% during this time period and having nearly doubled in population since 1991 . It is the fifth-largest city in the Greater Toronto Area , and the 17th-largest city in Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karine_Ruby", "text": "Karine Ruby ( 4 January 1978 in Bonneville , Haute-Savoie - 29 May 2009 ) was a French snowboarder and Olympic champion . She won two medals at the Winter Olympics , with a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , and a silver medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City . She also earned six gold medals and four silver medals at the FIS Snowboard World Championships , and 67 wins and 122 podiums at the FIS Snowboard World Cup , which earned her the description by The New York Times as the most decorated female snowboarder in the world . Ruby won the giant slalom event in the snowboarding competition at the 1998 Winter Olympics held in Nagano , Japan , overcoming severe weather conditions to win the first Olympic gold medal awarded in the event to a woman . She finished a combined 1.74 seconds behind Isabelle Blanc in the parallel giant slalom in snowboarding competition at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , an event that the two French snowboarders had dedicated to the memory of teammate Régine Cavagnoud , who had died in a 2001 training accident . Ruby came in third place to win a bronze medal in snowboardcross at the Winter X Games IX held in Aspen , Colorado in January 2005 . She competed in the snowboardcross event at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy , and retired from the sport after being eliminated in the quarterfinals . Ruby was training to become a mountain guide , a process that can take as long as 15 years , and was killed at age 31 on 29 May 2009 after a climbing accident in the Mont Blanc massif . Having climbed the Tour Ronde , she fell into a 70-foot-wide crevasse ( 21 m ) in the glacier du Geant at around 3,300 m , dragging in two other members of the climbing party she had been leading who had all been roped to each other . One man was killed in the fall , while another sustained serious injuries and was hospitalized after being evacuated by helicopter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Mission_Inn_Hotel_&_Spa", "text": "The Mission Inn , now known as The Mission Inn Hotel & Spa , is a historic landmark hotel in downtown Riverside , California . Although a composite of many architectural styles , it is generally considered the largest Mission Revival Style building in the United States . Mission Inn Hotel & Spa is a member of Historic Hotels of America , the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation . The owners are Duane and Kelly Roberts . Kelly serves as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of the Mission Inn , overseeing its daily operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaguar_Racing", "text": "Jaguar Racing is the name given to Jaguar 's racing interests . It currently competes in Formula E under the name Panasonic Jaguar Racing . It was previously a Formula One constructor that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ballerina", "text": "A ballet dancer ( Italian : ballerina [ balleˈriːna ] fem. , ballerino [ balleˈriːno ] masc . ) is a person who practices the art of classical ballet . Both females and males can practice ballet ; however , dancers have a strict hierarchy and strict gender roles . They rely on years of extensive training and proper technique to become a part of professional companies . Ballet dancers are at a high risk of injury due to the demanding technique of ballet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_Winter_Paralympics", "text": "The 2014 Winter Paralympics ( Russian : Зимние Паралимпийские игры 2014 , tr . Zimniye Paralimpiyskiye igry 2014 ) , the 11th Paralympic Winter Games , and also more generally known as the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Winter Games , were an international multi-sport event for athletes with disabilities governed by the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) , held in Sochi , Krasnodar Krai , Russia from 7 to 16 March 2014 . 45 National Paralympic Committees ( NPCs ) participated in the Games , which marked the first time Russia ever hosted the Paralympics . The Games featured 72 medal events in five sports , and saw the debut of snowboarding at the Winter Paralympics . The lead-up to these Paralympics were met with concerns regarding Russia 's military intervention in the nearby Crimean peninsula of Ukraine the month before the opening of the games . The head of Ukraine 's NPC stated that it would pull its athletes if the situation escalated , while the United Kingdom and United States chose not to send governmental delegations to the Games . The crisis ultimately had no impact on athlete participation , but members of the Ukrainian team did stage symbolic protests of the crisis during the Games ( including most notably , all but the country 's flagbearer sitting out of the opening ceremony 's parade of nations ) . With 80 medals , 30 of them being gold , the host country of Russia won the most medals during these Games , and set a record for the most medals won by a single country during a single Winter Paralympic Games . Additionally , Russian skier Roman Petushkov won the most individual gold medals in Winter Paralympic history , with six golds across skiing and biathlon events . However , following the Games , the IPC discovered evidence that Russia 's performance had been aided by a wider state-sponsored doping program . This resulted in restrictions on the participation of Russian athletes during subsequent Paralympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Count_of_Monpezat", "text": "Count of Monpezat ( Greve af Monpezat in Danish ) is a Danish title of nobility granted on 30 April 2008 by the Queen of Denmark to her two sons and their legitimate patrilineal descendants of both sexes . A count and his wife bear the title greve and grevinde , respectively . Their children are titled greve ( sons ) and komtesse ( daughters ) . A woman can not pass the title to her husband or elevate her husband 's status ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TIAA_Bank_Field", "text": "TIAA Bank Field is an American football stadium located in Jacksonville , Florida , that primarily serves as the home facility of the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The stadium opened in 1995 as Jacksonville Municipal Stadium on the site of the old Gator Bowl Stadium ( erected 1927 ) , and included some portions of the older stadium . Located on the St. Johns River , it sits on 10 acres ( 4.0 ha ) of land in downtown Jacksonville . In addition to hosting the Jaguars , the stadium is also regularly used for college football , concerts , and other events . It is the regular site of the annual Florida-Georgia game , a college football rivalry game between the University of Florida and the University of Georgia . The stadium is also the home of the annual Gator Bowl , a post-season college bowl game . Additionally , the stadium hosted Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005 and is one of the venues used by the United States men 's national soccer team . From 1997 to 2006 , the stadium was named Alltel Stadium after communications company Alltel purchased naming rights . The facility was renamed EverBank Field in 2010 , following the approval of a five-year , naming rights deal with the financial services company EverBank . The agreement was extended in 2014 for an additional 10 years . The Jaguars announced in February 2018 the stadium would be renamed TIAA Bank Field for the 2018 NFL season after EverBank was acquired by New York-based TIAA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Appenzell_Innerrhoden", "text": "The canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden ( German : [ ˈapənˌtsɛl ˈɪnərˌroːdən ] ( listen ) ; in English sometimes Appenzell Inner-Rhodes ) is the smallest canton of Switzerland by population and the second smallest by area , with canton of Basel-City being the smallest . It was the last Swiss canton to grant women the right to vote on local issues , in 1991 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Backyard_Brawl", "text": "The Backyard Brawl is an American college football rivalry between the University of Pittsburgh Panthers and West Virginia University Mountaineers . The term Backyard Brawl has also been used to refer to college basketball games played annually or semi-annually and may also be used to refer to other athletic competitions between the two schools . It is a registered trademark for both universities , and refers to the close proximity of the two universities , separated by 75 miles ( 105 km ) along Interstate 79 . The football rivalry is the 14th oldest in the United States and is typically shown on national television . In the past , the Backyard Brawl has been seen on ABC , CBS , ESPN , and ESPN2 . Through the 104 games played between these two schools , Pitt leads the series 61-40-3 . On Saturday , December 1 , 2007 the 100th edition of the Backyard Brawl took place at Mountaineer Field in Morgantown , West Virginia . The 4-7 Panthers upset the 2nd-ranked Mountaineers 13-9 , knocking West Virginia out of the BCS National Championship Game . The game was one of the most important Backyard Brawls , one of the biggest upsets for the Pittsburgh Panthers , one of the biggest upsets of the season , and was voted as the Game of the Year by ESPNU . The Mountaineers got revenge when the series returned to Morgantown in 2009 , upsetting the No . 8 Panthers 19-16 on a game-ending field goal . The 2009 Backyard Brawl was the most watched games in the history of ESPN2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seneschalstown_GAA", "text": "Seneschalstown GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association is small rural club from the Beauparc/Kentstown parish which was founded in 1932 . The club ground is situated about 6 miles east of Navan and 3 miles south of Slane . The club has a proud history in all levels of GAA football over the years and more recently with both our Senior Men and Ladies teams . The club has enjoyed much success in all competitions and has been fortunate to have many players represent the county teams with distinction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Techniques_d'Avant_Garde", "text": "TAG Group ( Holdings ) S.A. is a private holding company based in Luxembourg City , Luxembourg . TAG Group ( Holdings ) S.A. generates revenue through its various subsidiaries that offer products and services in the business aviation , motorsports , hospitality , consumer products and real estate industries . TAG is an acronym of Techniques d'Avant Garde ."}
{"title": "/wiki/That_Girl", "text": "That Girl is an American sitcom that ran on ABC from 1966 to 1971 . It starred Marlo Thomas as the title character Ann Marie , an aspiring ( but only sporadically employed ) actress , who moves from her hometown of Brewster , New York , to try to make it big in New York City . Ann has to take a number of offbeat temp jobs to support herself in between her various auditions and bit parts . Ted Bessell played her boyfriend Donald Hollinger , a writer for Newsview Magazine ; Lew Parker and Rosemary DeCamp played Lew Marie and Helen Marie , her concerned parents . Bernie Kopell , Ruth Buzzi and Reva Rose played Ann and Donald 's friends . That Girl was developed by writers Bill Persky and Sam Denoff , who had served as head writers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ( with which Thomas 's father , Danny Thomas , was closely associated ) earlier in the 1960s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalungu_(Uganda)", "text": "Kalungu is a town in the Central Region of Uganda . It is the chief municipal , administrative , and commercial center in Kalungu District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chachoengsao", "text": "Chachoengsao ( Thai : ฉะเชิงเทรา , pronounced [ t͡ɕʰàʔ.t͡ɕʰɤ̄ːŋ.sāw ] ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in central Thailand , capital of Chachoengsao Province . It is on the banks of the Bang Pakong River . It includes tambon Na Mueang and parts of Ban Mai , Bang Tin Pet , Wang Takhian , and Sothon of Mueang Chachoengsao District . In 2006 , it had a population of 60,893 . The town was established in 1549 during the reign of King Maha Chakkrapat of Ayutthaya and originally was a centre for military recruitment . During the reign of King Maha Thammaracha , the kingdom was in a weak condition due to being defeated by the Burmese . Phraya Lawaek , the Khmer king , conscripted Thais from several towns including Chachoengsao to be in his work force . Chachoengsao is sometimes referred to as Paet Riu , a name derived from large fish locally caught in the past . Paet Riu literally means eight cuts or slices which refers to the way the fish was cooked and served as a local dish in Chachoengsao . [ citation needed ] The town is about 50 km east of Bangkok and can be accessed by train ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle-Tacoma,_WA_CSA", "text": "The Seattle metropolitan area is an urban conglomeration in the U.S. state of Washington that includes Seattle and its surrounding satellites and suburbs . It includes the three most populous counties in the state - King , Snohomish , and Pierce - and is considered a component of the greater Puget Sound region . The United States Census Bureau defines the metropolitan area as the Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue , WA Metropolitan Statistical Area . With an estimated population of 3,867,000 as of 2017 [ update ] , it is the 15th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) in the United States , with almost half of Washington 's population ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brian_Aherne", "text": "William Brian de Lacy Aherne ( 2 May 1902 - 10 February 1986 ) was an English actor of stage , screen , radio and television , who enjoyed a long and varied career in England and America . His first Broadway appearance in The Barretts of Wimpole Street in 1931 teamed him with Katherine Cornell , with whom he would appear in many later productions . In films , he played opposite Madeleine Carroll , Bette Davis , Marlene Dietrich , Rita Hayworth and Carole Lombard , and was Oscar-nominated for his role as Emperor Maxmilian in Juarez ( 1939 ) . On TV he appeared in Wagon Train and Rawhide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/My_Name_Is_Earl", "text": "My Name Is Earl is an American sitcom television series created by Greg Garcia that aired on the NBC television network from September 20 , 2005 , to May 14 , 2009 , in the United States . It was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and starred Jason Lee as Earl Hickey , the title character . The series also starred Ethan Suplee , Jaime Pressly , Nadine Velazquez , and Eddie Steeples . The series was filled with hapless blue-collar figures and situated in an unnamed Southern state filled with palm trees . In spite of their foibles , the characters were treated with pathos , an extension of the show 's essential premise , as stated by Earl speaking about himself to introduce each episode in Season 1 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_O'Sullivan", "text": "Tom O'Sullivan is a former Gaelic football player from County Kerry . A Garda Síochána by profession , he played his club football for Rathmore and his county football for Kerry GAA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jahorina_ski_resort", "text": "Jahorina ski resort ( Serbian : Ски центар Јахорина , romanized : Ski centar Jahorina ) , officially named Olympic Center Jahorina , is a mountain resort and the largest and most popular winter tourism resort in Bosnia and Herzegovina . The ski resort is situated on the slopes of Jahorina mountain in Dinaric Alps . It is located 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the municipality of Pale in the Republika Srpska entity and 30 km ( 19 mi ) from the Sarajevo International Airport . The Jahorina ski resort hosted alpine skiing competitions during the 1984 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Exposition_Park_(Los_Angeles)", "text": "Exposition Park in the south region of Los Angeles , California , is a 160 acres ( 65 ha ) urban park . Established in 1872 as an agricultural fairground , it includes the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum , the Banc of California Stadium , the California Science Center , the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County , and the California African American Museum . The Lucas Museum of Narrative Art is under construction . Bounded by Exposition Boulevard to the north , South Figueroa Street to the east , Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard to the south and Menlo Avenue to the west , it is directly south of the main campus of the University of Southern California . The park is public open space , managed by the California Natural Resources Agency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bahrain_national_handball_team", "text": "The Bahrain national handball team is the national handball team of Bahrain and is controlled by the Bahrain Handball Federation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metro_Manila", "text": "Metropolitan Manila ( often shortened as Metro Manila ; Tagalog : Kalakhang Maynila ) , officially the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , is the seat of government and one of three defined metropolitan areas in the Philippines . It is composed of 16 cities : the city of Manila , Quezon City , Caloocan , Las Piñas , Makati , Malabon , Mandaluyong , Marikina , Muntinlupa , Navotas , Parañaque , Pasay , Pasig , San Juan , Taguig , and Valenzuela , as well as the municipality of Pateros . The region encompasses an area of 619.57 square kilometers ( 239.22 sq mi ) and a population of 12,877,253 as of 2015 . It is the second most populous and the most densely populated region of the Philippines . It is also the 9th most populous metropolitan area in Asia and the 5th most populous urban area in the world . The region is the center of culture , economy , education and government of the Philippines . Designated as a global power city , the region exerts a significant impact on commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , both locally and internationally . It is the home to all the consulates and embassies in the Philippines , thereby making it an important center for international diplomacy in the country . Its economic power makes the region the country 's premier center for finance and commerce . The region accounts for 37.2% of the gross domestic product of the Philippines . The region was established in 1975 through Presidential Decree No . 824 in response to the needs to sustain the growing population and for the creation for the center of political power and the seat of the Government of the Philippines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alexander_Thomson_(congressman)", "text": "Alexander Thomson ( January 12 , 1788 - August 2 , 1848 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . Alexander Thomson was born in Franklin County , Pennsylvania . He apprenticed as a sickle maker . He moved to Bedford , Pennsylvania , studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1816 and commenced practice in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania . He held several local offices and was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives . Thomson was elected to the Eighteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John Tod . He was reelected to the Nineteenth Congress and served until May 1 , 1826 , when he resigned . He served as mayor of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , and was president judge of the sixteenth judicial district of Pennsylvania from 1827 to 1841 . He was professor in the law school of Marshall College in Lancaster . He died in Chambersburg in 1848 . Interment in Falling Spring Presbyterian Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goran_Maksimović", "text": "Goran Maksimović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горан Максимовић ; born 27 July 1963 in Svetozarevo ) is a Serbian sports shooter and Olympic Champion for Yugoslavia . He won a gold medal in the 10 metre air rifle event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul . At the 1996 and 2000 Olympics he competed for Serbia and Montenegro . His daughter , Ivana Maksimović is a 2012 Olympic silver medalist . Goran is currently the head coach of the Serbian national shooting team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tesfaye_Jifar", "text": "Tesfaye Jifar ( Amharic : ተስፋዬ ጅፋር ) born April 23 , 1976 ) is a male Ethiopian long-distance runner . Jifar won the New York City Marathon in 2001 , his time of 2:07:43 standing as the course record for ten years . The same year he was second at the Tokyo Marathon and won the Saint Silvester Marathon held in Brazil . At the Amsterdam Marathon in 1999 he was second and broke the Ethiopian record held by Belayneh Dinsamo . Jifar 's time of 2:06:49 hours remains his personal record . Tesfaye Jifar is a three-time medalist from IAAF World Half Marathon Championships , he won bronze in 1999 and 2000 and silver in 2001 . At the 2001 World Championships in Athletics in Edmonton Jifar finished seventh in the marathon race ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Nicobar_Biosphere_Reserve", "text": "The Great Nicobar Biosphere Reserve encompasses a large part ( some 85% ) of the island of Great Nicobar , the largest of the Nicobar Islands in the Indian Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands . The Nicobars lie in the Bay of Bengal , eastern Indian Ocean , 190 km to the north of the Indonesian island of Sumatra . The Reserve has a total core area of approximately 885 km2 , surrounded by a 12 km-wide forest buffer zone.In year 2013 it was included in the list of Man and Biosphere program of UNESCO to promote sustainable development based on local community effort and sound science ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daegu_FC", "text": "Daegu Football Club , commonly referred to as Daegu FC ( Korean : 대구 FC ) , is a South Korean professional football club based in Daegu . The club was founded as a community club at the end of 2002 , and the club made their K League 1 debut in 2003 . Daegu has played mostly in the K League 1 but was relegated at the end of the 2013 season to the K League 2 . They were promoted back to the K League 1 for 2017 and went on to win the Korean FA Cup in 2018 , which qualified them for the 2019 Asian Champions League . The club 's best season in K League 1 was in 2019 , when it finished fifth out of 12 teams ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Racing_Post", "text": "Racing Post is a British daily horse racing , greyhound racing and sports betting publisher , appearing in print form and digitally ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Awaji_Island", "text": "Awaji Island ( 淡路島 , Awaji-shima ) is an island in Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan , in the eastern part of the Seto Inland Sea between the islands of Honshū and Shikoku . The island has an area of 592.17 square kilometres ( 228.64 square miles ) , . It is the largest island of the Seto Inland Sea . As a transit between those two islands , Awaji originally means the road to Awa , the historic province bordering the Shikoku side of the Naruto Strait , now part of Tokushima Prefecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taku,_Saga", "text": "Taku ( 多久市 , Taku-shi ) is a city located in Saga Prefecture on the island of Kyushu , Japan . The city was founded on May 1 , 1954 through the merger of several towns and villages . As of March 1 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 19,202 and a population density of 200 persons per km² . The total area is 96.93 km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlos_del_Cerro_Grande", "text": "Carlos del Cerro Grande ( born 13 March 1976 ) is a football referee . He belongs to the Committee of Referees of the Community of Madrid . He has been an international referee since 2013 , with his debut in an international match on 26 May 2013 , between the under-19 teams of Scotland and Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hugh_Jones_(professor)", "text": "The Reverend Hugh Jones ( 1691-1760 ) is the most famous and accomplished of a sometimes confusing array of Anglican clergymen of the same name from the American colonies of Virginia and Maryland . Jones is best known for his authorship of The Present State of Virginia , and a short view of Maryland and North Carolina ( London , 1724 ) . For several years he taught mathematics at The College of William and Mary , in Williamsburg , Virginia , where Jones Hall is named for him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Branded_(2012_film)", "text": "Branded ( also known as The Mad Cow and Moscow 2017 ( Москва 2017 in Russian ) ) is a 2012 Russian-American dark fantasy science fiction film written , produced and directed by Jamie Bradshaw and Aleksandr Dulerayn . It was released on September 7 , 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Acute_radiation_syndrome", "text": "Acute radiation syndrome ( ARS ) , also known as radiation sickness or radiation poisoning , is a collection of health effects due to exposure to high amounts of ionizing radiation over a short period of time . Symptoms can begin within an hour and may last for several months . Symptoms within the first few days typically include nausea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . This is followed by a few hours or weeks with little symptoms which later develops into additional symptoms followed by either recovery or death . Acute radiation syndrome involves a total dose of greater than 0.7 Gy ( 70 rads ) , that generally occurs from a source outside the body within minutes . Sources of such radiation can occur accidentally or intentionally . They may involve nuclear reactors , cyclotrons , and certain devices used in cancer therapy . It is generally divided into three types ; bone marrow , gastrointestinal , and neurovascular syndrome , with bone marrow syndrome occurring at 0.7 to 10 Gy , and neurovascular syndrome occurring at doses that exceed 50 Gy . The cells that are most affected are generally those that are rapidly dividing . At high doses , this causes DNA damage that may be irreparable . Diagnosis is based on a history of exposure and symptoms . Repeated complete blood counts ( CBCs ) can indicate the severity of exposure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1992_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , 43 events in athletics were contested , 24 events by men and 19 by women . The competition ran from July 31 , 1992 , to August 9 , 1992 . Fourteen world record-holders ( eight men and six women ) were among the contenders . Thirty former Olympic champions competed , and a total number of 1725 athletes from 156 countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Villanova_Wildcats", "text": "The Villanova Wildcats are the athletic teams of Villanova University . They compete in the Big East ( NCAA Division I ) for every sport except football and where they compete in the Colonial Athletic Association ( Football Championship Subdivision , formerly Division I-AA , for football only ) . On December 15 , 2012 , Villanova and the other six Catholic , non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference . This conference assumed the Big East name on July 1 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Inter_Milan", "text": "Football Club Internazionale Milano , commonly referred to as Internazionale ( pronounced [ ˌinternattsjoˈnaːle ] ) or simply Inter , and known as Inter Milan outside Italy , is an Italian professional football club based in Milan , Lombardy . Inter is the only Italian club to have never been relegated from the top flight . Founded in 1908 following a schism within the Milan Cricket and Football Club ( now A.C. Milan ) , Inter won its first championship in 1910 . Since its formation , the club has won 30 domestic trophies , including 18 league titles , 7 Coppa Italia and 5 Supercoppa Italiana . From 2006 to 2010 , the club won five successive league titles , equalling the all-time record at that time . They have won the Champions League three times : two back-to-back in 1964 and 1965 and then another in 2010 . Their latest win completed an unprecedented Italian seasonal treble , with Inter winning the Coppa Italia and the Scudetto the same year . The club has also won three UEFA Cups , two Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup . Inter 's home games are played at the San Siro stadium , which they share with local rivals A.C. Milan . The stadium is the largest in Italian football with a capacity of 80,018 . Matches between A.C. Milan and Inter , known as the Derby della Madonnina , are one of the most followed derbies in football . As of 2019 [ update ] , Inter has the highest home game attendance in Italy and the sixth hightest attendance in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sony_Entertainment_Television_(India)", "text": "Sony Entertainment Television ( abbr . SET ) is an Indian Hindi-language pay television channel that was launched in October 1996 , and is owned by Sony Pictures Networks India , a subsidiary of the Japanese Sony . SET has been one of India 's most popular television channels , having produced many iconic shows such as CID , Aahat , Indian Idol , Boogie Woogie , Crime Patrol and Beyhadh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_World_Championships_2000", "text": "The 35th Biathlon World Championships were held for the second time in Oslo , Norway from February 19 to February 26 , 2000 . Due to fog , the men 's relay was moved to Lahti , Finland on March 11 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six:_Vegas", "text": "Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Vegas is the sixth game in the Rainbow Six series of video games . It was released for the Xbox 360 on November 21 , 2006 , and Windows on December 12 , 2006 . The PlayStation Portable version was released on June 12 , 2007 , while the PlayStation 3 version was released on June 26 , 2007 . The game 's storyline follows a new team that is dispatched to Las Vegas , Nevada to defeat international terrorist Irena Morales and her army of mercenaries that are repeatedly attacking key locations in the city . A sequel developed by Ubisoft Montreal was released on Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 consoles in March 2008 and on PC in April 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fujieda_MYFC", "text": "Fujieda MYFC ( 藤枝MYFC , Fujieda Maiefushī ) are a Japanese J3 League football club based in Fujieda , Shizuoka . It is funded by online subscribers and is the first of its kind in Japan . The club spent two seasons in the Japan Football League before having their application accepted in 2013 to participate in the inaugural season of J3 League in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_dollar", "text": "The United States dollar ( sign : $ ; code : USD ; also abbreviated US $ and referred to as the dollar , U.S. dollar , or American dollar ) is the official currency of the United States and its territories per the Coinage Act of 1792 . One dollar is divided into 100 cents ( Symbol : ¢ ) or 1000 mills ( for accounting purposes and for taxing . Symbol : ₥ ) . The Coinage Act of 1792 created a decimal currency by creating the following coins : tenth dollar , one-twentieth dollar , one-hundredth dollar . In addition the act created the dollar , half dollar , and quarter dollar coins . All of these coins are still minted in 2020 . In addition , several forms of paper money were introduced by Congress over the years . The latest of these , the Federal Reserve Note , was authorized by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , while all existing U.S. currency remains legal tender . Issuance of the previous form of the currency ( U.S. notes ) was discontinued in January 1971 . As a result , currently circulating paper money consists primarily of Federal Reserve Notes that are denominated in United States dollars ( 12 U.S.C . § 418 ) . Since the suspension in 1971 of convertibility of paper U.S. currency into any precious metal , the U.S. dollar is de facto fiat money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dirty_Dancing:_Havana_Nights", "text": "Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights ( also known as Dirty Dancing 2 or Dirty Dancing 2 : Havana Nights ) is a 2004 American dance musical romantic drama film directed by Guy Ferland . The film is a prequel/re-imagining of the 1987 blockbuster Dirty Dancing , reusing the same basic plot , but transplanting it from upstate New York to Cuba on the cusp of the Cuban Revolution . It was mostly filmed in Old San Juan , Puerto Rico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Kahn_(architect)", "text": "Albert Kahn ( March 21 , 1869 - December 8 , 1942 ) was the foremost American industrial architect of his day . He is sometimes called the architect of Detroit . In 1943 , the Franklin Institute awarded him the Frank P. Brown Medal posthumously . Many of Albert Kahn 's personal working papers and construction photographs are housed at the University of Michigan 's Bentley Historical Library . His personal working library , the Albert Kahn Library Collection , is housed at Lawrence Technological University in Southfield , MI . The Archives of American Art at the Smithsonian house most of the family 's correspondence and other materials ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sporting_Cristal", "text": "Club Sporting Cristal is a Peruvian football team . Based in the Rímac District , in the department of Lima , it plays in the professional league known as the Peruvian First Division . Sporting Cristal has won the league title 19 times , and it is the Peruvian team with the third most National titles . All its titles have been won in the professional era . It is one of the most popular football teams in Peru , along with Universitario and Alianza Lima ; it is the youngest of the three . In 1997 , it became the second Peruvian football club to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores , an international competition . Sporting Cristal plays its home games at the Estadio Alberto Gallardo . They also play at the Estadio Nacional for international competitions such as Copa Libertadores or Copa Sudamericana . The Estadio Nacional is also the venue for matches against Universitario and Alianza Lima ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pupukea,_Hawaii", "text": "Pūpūkea is a community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Koʻolauloa District on the island of Oʻahu , City & County of Honolulu , Hawaii , United States . In Hawaiian , pūpūkea means white shell . As of the 2010 Census , the CDP had a population of 4,551 . The Koʻolauloa District ends at Waimea Bay , with the Waialua District extending south and westward . Pūpūkea is a popular area on Oʻahu 's North Shore for living and for visiting . The best known surfing sites of Velzyland , Sunset ( at Sunset Beach Park ) , Kammieland , Pūpūkea , ʻEhukai , Pipeline ( these latter two off adjacent ʻEhukai Beach Park and Banzai Beach ) and lesser breaks are arrayed off this shore . Popular diving and snorkeling areas known as Three Tables and Sharks Cove are located at Pūpūkea Beach Park . At the southwest end of Pūpūkea is Waimea Bay , with one of the most popular beaches on the island forming the shore at Waimea Beach Park . Popular residential areas here include the beach lots at Sunset Beach and the uplands of Pūpūkea . As the properties in this area were subdivided in the 1950s and 60s and classified then as country , the lots in the uplands were all measured out in 1 acre or greater parcels . The biggest drawback to living in this part of the island , however , is the considerable driving distance of 37 miles ( 60 km ) to Honolulu . The U.S. postal code for Pūpūkea and the communities of Waialeʻe , Sunset Beach , Lihilani , Waimea , and Kawailoa is 96712 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Urbana,_Illinois", "text": "Urbana /ɜːrˈbænə/ is a city in and the county seat of Champaign County , Illinois , United States . The population is estimated at 41,989 as of July 1 , 2017 . Urbana is the tenth-most populous city in Illinois outside of the Chicago metropolitan area . It is included in the Champaign-Urbana metropolitan area . Urbana is notable for sharing the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with its sister city of Champaign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingsbridge", "text": "Kingsbridge is a market town and tourist hub in the South Hams district of Devon , England , with a population of 6,116 at the 2011 census . Two electoral wards bear the name of Kingsbridge ( East & North ) . Their combined population at the above census was 4,381 . It is situated at the northern end of the Kingsbridge Estuary , a ria that extends to the sea six miles south of the town . It is the third largest settlement in the South Hams and is 32 miles ( 51 km ) south-southwest of Exeter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_league", "text": "Rugby league is a full-contact sport played by two teams of thirteen players on a rectangular field measuring 68 m wide and 112-122 m long . One of the two codes of rugby football , it originated in Northern England in 1895 as a split from the Rugby Football Union over the issue of payments to players . Its rules progressively changed with the aim of producing a faster , more entertaining game for spectators . In rugby league , points are scored by carrying the ball and touching it to the ground beyond the opposing team 's goal line ; this is called a try , and is the primary method of scoring . The opposing team attempts to stop the attacking side scoring points by tackling the player carrying the ball . In addition to tries , points can be scored by kicking goals . Field goals can be attempted at any time , and following a successful try , the scoring team gains a free kick to try at goal with a conversion for further points . Kicks at goal may also be awarded for penalties . The Super League and the National Rugby League ( NRL ) are the premier club competitions . Rugby league is played internationally , predominantly by European , Australasian and Pacific Island countries , and is governed by the International Rugby League ( IRL ) . Rugby league is the national sport of Papua New Guinea , and is a popular sport in Northern England , Australia , North Island in New Zealand , France , Tonga , Fiji , Samoa and Lebanon . The first Rugby League World Cup was held in France in 1954 ; the current holders are Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Batavia,_IL", "text": "Batavia ( /bəˈteɪviə/ ) is a city in DuPage and Kane Counties in the U.S. state of Illinois . A suburb of Chicago , it was founded in 1833 and is the oldest city in Kane County . As of the 2010 census , the city had a total population of 26,045 , which was estimated to have increased to 26,316 by July 2018 . During the latter part of the 19th century , Batavia , home to six American-style windmill manufacturing companies , became known as The Windmill City . Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory , a federal government-sponsored high-energy physics laboratory , where both the bottom quark and the top quark were first detected , is located in the city . Batavia is part of a vernacular region known as the Tri-City area , along with St. Charles and Geneva , all western suburbs of similar size and relative socioeconomic condition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Windsor_Stars", "text": "Windsor TFC is a Canadian soccer team based in Windsor , Ontario , that was founded in 2004 . They have competed in the Canadian Professional Soccer League ( CPSL ) and Canadian Soccer League ( CSL ) . Throughout their tenure in the CPSL/CSL , Windsor won two Open Canada Cups , one American Indoor Soccer League ( AISL ) Championship , and maintained a status of regular playoff contender . Around the 2008 CSL season , the club faced financial and player commitment problems which resulted in the league revoking the franchise . In 2011 , former Windsor and CSL Defender of the Year Filip Rocca was granted a franchise and brought back Windsor to compete in the Canadian Soccer League . Following the de-sanctioning of the CSL by the Canadian Soccer Association the club joined the newly formed League1 Ontario in 2014 . The team play their home games at the University of Windsor Stadium . The team 's colours are red and white ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Weak_neutral_current", "text": "Weak neutral current interactions are one of the ways in which subatomic particles can interact by means of the weak force . These interactions are mediated by the Z boson . The discovery of weak neutral currents was a significant step toward the unification of electromagnetism and the weak force into the electroweak force , and led to the discovery of the W and Z bosons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fleet_railway_station", "text": "Fleet railway station serves the town of Fleet in Hampshire , England . It is situated on the South Western Main Line , which has four tracks through the station . There are two platforms on the outer pair of tracks , which are served by trains between London Waterloo and Basingstoke and Southampton . The centre pair of tracks have no platforms and are used by through-services . The station , and all trains calling there , are operated by South Western Railway . It is 36 miles 38 chains ( 58.7 km ) from Waterloo [ note 1 ] and is situated between Farnborough ( Main ) and Winchfield stations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nomi,_Ishikawa", "text": "Nomi ( 能美市 , Nomi-shi ) is a city located in Ishikawa Prefecture , Japan . As of 1 March 2018 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 50,132 in 18585 households , and a population density of 600 persons per km² . The total area of the city was 84.14 square kilometres ( 32.49 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bardsey_Island", "text": "Bardsey Island ( Welsh : Ynys Enlli ) , known as the legendary Island of 20,000 Saints , is located 1.9 miles ( 3.1 km ) off the Llŷn Peninsula in the Welsh county of Gwynedd . The Welsh name means The Island in the Currents , although its English name refers to the Island of the Bards , or possibly the island of the Viking chieftain , Barda . Bardsey is 0.6 miles ( 1.0 km ) wide , 1.0 mile ( 1.6 km ) long and 179 hectares ( 440 acres ; 0.69 sq mi ) in area . The north east rises steeply from the sea to a height of 548 feet ( 167 m ) at Mynydd Enlli , which is a Marilyn , while the western plain is low and relatively flat cultivated farmland . To the south the island narrows to an isthmus , connecting to a peninsula on which the lighthouse stands . Since 1974 it has been included in the community of Aberdaron . It is the fourth largest offshore island in Wales . The island has been an important religious site since Saint Cadfan built a monastery in 516 . [ failed verification ] In medieval times it was a major centre of pilgrimage and , by 1212 , belonged to the Augustinian Canons Regular . The monastery was dissolved and its buildings demolished by Henry VIII in 1537 , but the island remains an attraction for pilgrims to this day . Bardsey Island is now as famous for its wildlife and rugged scenery . A bird observatory was established in 1953 , largely due to the island 's position on important migration routes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Dae_Kim", "text": "Daniel Dae Kim ( Korean : 김대현 ; born Kim Dae-hyun on August 4 , 1968 ) is an American actor , voice actor , and producer . He is known for his roles as Jin-Soo Kwon in Lost , Chin Ho Kelly in Hawaii Five-0 , Gavin Park in Angel and Johnny Gat in the Saints Row series of video games . He also runs a production company called 3AD , which is currently producing the television series The Good Doctor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Campus_radio", "text": "Campus radio ( also known as college radio , university radio or student radio ) is a type of radio station that is run by the students of a college , university or other educational institution . Programming may be exclusively by students , or may include programmers from the wider community in which the radio station is based . Sometimes campus radio stations are operated for the purpose of training professional radio personnel , sometimes with the aim of broadcasting educational programming , while other radio stations exist to provide alternative to commercial broadcasting or government broadcasters . Campus radio stations are generally licensed and regulated by national governments , and have very different characteristics from one country to the next . One commonality between many radio stations regardless of their physical location is a willingness - or , in some countries , even a licensing requirement - to broadcast musical selections that are not categorized as commercial hits . Because of this , campus radio has come to be associated with emerging musical trends , including genres such as punk and new wave , alternative rock , indie rock and hip hop , long before those genres become part of the musical mainstream . Campus radio stations also often provide airplay and promotional exposure to new and emerging local artists . Campus radio supported U2 and REM Many campus radio stations carry a variety of programming including news ( often local ) , sports ( often relating to the campus ) , and spoken word programming as well as general music . Often the radio format is best described as a freeform , with a lot of creativity and individualism among the disc jockeys and show hosts . A number of these radio stations have gained critical acclaim for their programming and are considered by the community in which they are embedded to be an essential media outlet . Although the term campus radio implies full-power AM or FM transmission over the air , many radio stations experiment with low-power broadcasting , closed circuit or carrier current systems , often to on-campus listeners only . Some radio stations are distributed through the cable television system on cable FM or the second audio program of a TV radio station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miyazaki,_Miyazaki", "text": "Miyazaki ( 宮崎市 , Miyazaki-shi , Japanese : [ mijaꜜzaki ] ) is the capital city of Miyazaki Prefecture on the island of Kyushu in Japan . Located on the coast and crossed by several rivers , Miyazaki City enjoys scenic views of both ocean and nearby , verdant mountains . A popular resort destination for Japanese tourists , the city offers many attractions , including the SeaGaia event center ( though the indoor ocean facility is no longer operational ) , the Phoenix Zoo , Aoshima Beach Park , and many large hotels and onsens ( public baths ) . The city is the primary shopping destination for eastern Kyushu residents in smaller towns around the prefecture . The city was founded on April 1 , 1924 . As of this merger ( but with 2003 population estimates ) , the city had an estimated population of 365,311 and a population density of 612 persons per km² . The total area is 643.67 km² . As of 1 June 2019 , the current population is 398,215 . Miyazaki Airport and Miyazaki seaport serve the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michaela_Dorfmeister", "text": "Michaela Dorfmeister ( born 25 March 1973 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Austria . Her specialities were both the downhill and the super-G disciplines , although she skied in and had success in giant slalom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fukushima,_Fukushima", "text": "Fukushima ( 福島市 , Fukushima-shi , [ ɸɯ̥kɯꜜɕima ] ) is the capital city of Fukushima Prefecture , Japan . It is located in the northern part of the Nakadōri , central region of the prefecture . As of 1 June 2019 [ update ] , the city has an estimated population of 287,357 in 122,130 households and a population density of 374 persons per km² . The total area of the city is 767.72 square kilometres ( 296.42 sq mi ) . The present-day city of Fukushima partially consists of most of the former Shinobu and Date Districts and a portion of the former Adachi District . The city is located in the Fukushima Basin 's southwest area and nearby mountains . There are many onsen on the outskirts of the city , including the resort areas of Iizaka Onsen , Takayu Onsen , and Tsuchiyu Onsen . Fukushima is also the location of the Fukushima Race Course , the only Japan Racing Association horse racing track in the Tōhoku region of Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hoxton", "text": "Hoxton is an area in the London Borough of Hackney , England . Together with the rest of Shoreditch , it is often described as part of the East End , the historic core of wider East London . It was historically in the county of Middlesex until 1889 . It lies immediately north of the City of London financial district , and was once part of the Ancient Parish and subsequent Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch , prior to its incorporation into the London Borough of Hackney . The area has never been formally defined , but approximates to an area bordered by the Regent 's Canal on the north side , Wharf Road and City Road to the west , Old Street to the south , and Kingsland Road to the east . There is a Hoxton electoral ward which returns three councillors to Hackney London Borough Council . The area forms part of the Hackney South and Shoreditch parliamentary constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/On_the_Town_(musical)", "text": "On the Town is a musical with music by Leonard Bernstein and book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green , based on Jerome Robbins ' idea for his 1944 ballet Fancy Free , which he had set to Bernstein 's music . The musical introduced several popular and classic songs , among them New York , New York , Lonely Town , I Can Cook , Too ( for which Bernstein also wrote the lyrics ) , and Some Other Time . The story concerns three American sailors on a 24-hour shore leave in New York City during wartime 1944 . Each of the three sailors meets and quickly connects with a woman . On the Town was first produced on Broadway in 1944 and was made into a film in 1949 , although the film replaced all but three of the original Broadway songs with Hollywood-written substitutes . The show has enjoyed a number of major revivals . The musical integrates dance into its storytelling : Robbins made a number of ballets and extended dance sequences for the show , including the Imaginary Coney Island ballet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raymond_Blackburn", "text": "Albert Raymond Blackburn ( 11 March 1915 - 3 November 1991 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for the Birmingham King 's Norton and Birmingham Northfield constituencies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dragonette", "text": "Dragonette is a Canadian electronic music band from Toronto , Ontario , formed in 2005 . The band consists of singer-songwriter Martina Sorbara , her common law husband bassist and producer Dan Kurtz ( also in The New Deal ) , and drummer Joel Stouffer . Dragonette released a self-titled EP in 2005 before being signed to Mercury Records and relocating to London , where they recorded and released their debut studio album , Galore , in August 2007 to moderate critical appreciation . A second studio album , Fixin to Thrill , was released in September 2009 . The group 's third studio album , Bodyparts , was released in September 2012 and their fourth , Royal Blues , followed in November 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winston-Salem_Dash", "text": "The Winston-Salem Dash are a minor league baseball team in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . They are a Class A-Advanced team in the Carolina League and have been a farm team of the Chicago White Sox since 1997 . The Dash began playing their home games at the BB & T Ballpark beginning in 2010 after having Ernie Shore Field ( now known as Gene Hooks Field at Wake Forest Baseball Park ) as their home from 1956 to 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Othyus_Jeffers", "text": "Othyus Jeffers ( born August 5 , 1985 ) is an American former professional basketball player who last played for the Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) . Jeffers played college basketball with the University of Illinois at Chicago for two years , before transferring to Robert Morris University for his senior season . He then started his professional career with the Iowa Energy of the NBA D-League , a minor league basketball organization owned and run by the NBA . He has had stints with three prior NBA teams : the Utah Jazz , the San Antonio Spurs , and the Washington Wizards . He has also spent a short stint in Italy with NGC Cantù ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Central", "text": "The New York Central Railroad ( reporting mark NYC ) was a railroad primarily operating in the Great Lakes and Mid Atlantic regions of the United States . The railroad primarily connected greater New York and Boston in the east with Chicago and St. Louis in the Midwest along with the intermediate cities of Albany , Buffalo , Cleveland , Cincinnati , and Detroit . New York Central was headquartered in New York City 's New York Central Building , adjacent to its largest station , Grand Central Terminal . The railroad was established in 1853 , consolidating several existing railroad companies . In 1968 the NYC merged with its former rival , the Pennsylvania Railroad , to form Penn Central . Penn Central went bankrupt in 1970 and merged into Conrail in 1976 . Conrail was broken up in 1998 , and portions of its system were transferred to CSX and Norfolk Southern Railway , with CSX acquiring most of the old New York Central trackage . Extensive trackage existed in the states of New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Indiana , Illinois , Massachusetts and West Virginia plus additional trackage in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec . At the end of 1925 , the NYC operated 11,584 miles ( 18,643 km ) of road and 26,395 miles ( 42,479 km ) of track ; at the end of 1967 the mileages were 9,696 miles ( 15,604 km ) and 18,454 miles ( 29,699 km ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wingard,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Wingard is an unincorporated community in Duck Lake No . 436 , Saskatchewan , Canada . Wingard is seven miles northeast of Fort Carlton and twelve miles northwest of Duck Lake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York–Pennsylvania_border", "text": "The New York-Pennsylvania border is the state line between the U.S. states of New York and Pennsylvania . It has three sections :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sharon_Fanning", "text": "Sharon Cable Fanning-Otis ( born December 15 , 1954 ) is the former women 's basketball program head coach at Mississippi State . During her 17-year head coach career with the Bulldogs , she had a 281-229 ( .551 ) record . [ clarification needed ] During her tenure , she posted 6 winning seasons and 7 postseason appearances . She led MSU to its inaugural appearance in the AP Final Poll , and to its first two 20-win seasons . The 2003 team went 24-8 , and finished in the Top 10 . For the 2004 season , MSU set a program record for longest winning streak at 12 games . She retired after the 2011-2012 season . She attended Chattanooga High School , and later University of Tennessee at Chattanooga where she played basketball and volleyball . She started her career as a graduate-assistant coach in 1975 at Tennessee . From 1976 to 1978 , she served as the women 's volleyball program head coach at UTC ; she would serve as women 's basketball program head coach until 1987 . From 1987 to 1995 she served as the Kentucky Wildcats women 's basketball program head coach with an overall career record at 608-457 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Damery,_Marne", "text": "Damery is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1903_Italian_Football_Championship", "text": "The 1903 Italian Football Championship season was won by Genoa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donkey_Kong_Country_2:_Diddy's_Kong_Quest", "text": "Donkey Kong Country 2 : Diddy 's Kong Quest is a platform video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) . It was released on 21 November 1995 in North America , and in December 1995 in Europe and Japan . It is the second installment of the Donkey Kong Country series and serves as a direct sequel to Donkey Kong Country . It was re-released for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) in 2004 . The game was made available for download on the Wii 's Virtual Console in 2007 , and the Wii U 's Virtual Console in 2015 . It was followed by a sequel , Donkey Kong Country 3 : Dixie Kong 's Double Trouble ! , in 1996 . The story revolves around Diddy Kong and his girlfriend , Dixie Kong , who try to rescue Donkey Kong after he is abducted by King K. Rool . The game is set on Crocodile Isle , with eight worlds of varying environments , totaling 52 levels . The game utilises the same Silicon Graphics ( SGI ) technology from the original , which features the use of pre-rendered 3D imagery . Diddy 's Kong Quest received critical acclaim , being widely regarded as one of the greatest 2D platformers ever made . Praise was directed at its graphics , gameplay , and soundtrack . It was the second best-selling game of 1995 , the sixth best-selling game on the SNES , and the highest selling SNES title to not be packaged with the system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida–Florida_State_football_rivalry", "text": "The Florida-Florida State football rivalry , occasionally called the Sunshine Showdown , is an American college football rivalry between the teams of the two oldest public universities of the U.S. state of Florida : the University of Florida Gators and Florida State University Seminoles . Both universities participate in a range of intercollegiate sports , and for the last several years , the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has sponsored a Sunshine Showdown promotion that tallies the total number of wins for each school in head to head sports competition . However , the annual football game between the Gators and Seminoles has consistently been the most intense and notable competition between the in-state rivals . The Florida and Florida State football series began in 1958 , and the game has usually been played on the Saturday after Thanksgiving since the 1970s . The Gators dominated the series before coach Bobby Bowden first brought FSU to national prominence in 1976 , after which the rivalry has become much more competitive . Florida leads the overall series 36-26-2 , while FSU holds a 24-21-1 advantage since 1976 . The rivalry has been evenly split with ten wins apiece since 2000 . For the past three decades , one or both squads have often been highly ranked coming into the late-season contest , adding national championship implications to a rivalry already heavily weighted with in-state bragging rights . From 1990 to 2000 , every meeting featured both schools being ranked in the top 10 of the Associated Press rankings , with one or both schools ranked in the top 5 on multiple occasions . The winner of the game would go on to compete in the national championship game in six of those seasons ( 1993 , 1995 , 1996 , 1998 , 1999 , 2000 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yle_TV2", "text": "Yle TV2 ( Finnish : Yle TV Kaksi ; Swedish : Yle TV Två ) is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Yle . TV2 was launched in 1965 as the successor to the former television channels TES-TV ( Tesvisio ) and Tamvisio , and broadcasts public service programming , sports , drama , children 's , youth , and music programmes . A HD simulcast of Yle TV2 begun broadcasting in January 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bukhungu_Stadium", "text": "The Bukhungu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kakamega , Kenya . It used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Western Stima of the Kenyan Premier League . The stadium holds 5,000 spectators . The stadium has been undergoing renovation and expansion with phase one of the main stand complete . Phase 2 involving the rest of the terraces and running track already commenced"}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Greens–European_Free_Alliance", "text": "The Greens/European Free Alliance ( Greens/EFA ) is the political group of the European Parliament composed primarily of green and regionalist political parties . Formed following the 1999 European elections for the 5th European Parliament , the Greens/EFA group now consists of three distinct European political parties , namely the larger European Green Party ( EGP ) and the European Free Alliance ( EFA ) and the smaller European Pirate Party . The EFA consists of parties representing stateless nations , regionalist and minority political interests . The group has generally limited its membership to progressive parties . These European parties are joined by MEPs from non-aligned national parties , which have included the Dutch Europe Transparent ( 2004-2009 ) and the Swedish ( 2009-2014 ) , German ( 2014- ) and Czech ( 2019- ) Pirate Parties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kings_Park_Stadium", "text": "The Kings Park Stadium ( known as the Jonsson Kings Park Stadium for sponsorship reasons since March 8th 2018 ) , is a stadium located in the Kings Park Sporting Precinct in Durban , South Africa . The stadium was originally built with a capacity of 12,000 and opened in 1958 , extensively renovated in the 1980s and then again in time for the 1995 Rugby World Cup . It currently has a capacity of 52,000 and is the home ground of the Sharks . The stadium has also been used by Durban-based Premier Soccer League football ( soccer ) clubs , as well as for large football finals . It was previously also known as the ABSA Stadium ( between 2000 and 2010 ) , Mr Price Kings Park Stadium ( in 2011 and 2012 ) and Growthpoint Kings Park ( between 2013 and early 2018 ) due to sponsorship deals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1976–77_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1976-77 Montreal Canadiens season was the Canadiens ' 68th season . The team is regarded to be the greatest NHL team ever composed . The Canadiens won their 20th Stanley Cup in 1976-77 , taking the NHL championship . They set an NHL record for most points in a season by a team with 132 points . They outscored their opponents by 216 goals ( also a league record ) , a differential average of 2.7 goals per game . Of the 24 players on the roster , 14 were drafted by the Canadiens : Pierre Bouchard , Rick Chartraw , Brian Engblom , Bob Gainey , Rejean Houle , Guy Lafleur , Michel Larocque , Pierre Mondou , Bill Nyrop , Doug Risebrough , Larry Robinson , Steve Shutt , Mario Tremblay , and Murray Wilson . The only player on the roster not developed by the Canadiens was Peter Mahovlich ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hedley_(band)", "text": "Hedley is a Canadian pop rock group originating in Abbotsford , British Columbia , originally formed in 2003 . They are named after the unincorporated community of Hedley , British Columbia , a name chosen after members heard that it was for sale for $ 346,000 . After lead singer Jacob Hoggard placed third on the second season of Canadian Idol in 2004 , the group signed with Universal Music Canada and released their self-titled debut studio album the following year . After signing an international recording contract with Capitol Records in 2006 , which brought them an increased American following , Hedley saw commercial success with their subsequent studio albums , including Famous Last Words ( 2007 ) , The Show Must Go ( 2009 ) , Storms ( 2011 ) , Wild Life ( 2013 ) , and Hello ( 2015 ) . Following the release of their seventh studio album Cageless ( 2017 ) and its accompanying tour , current members of Hedley faced accusations of sexual misconduct with young women over the course of their career . After Hoggard faced additional accusations of sexual assault by two women , the group confirmed they would enter an indefinite hiatus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Connect_Transit", "text": "Connect Transit , formerly Bloomington-Normal Public Transit System is the primary provider of mass transportation in Bloomington/Normal , IL . The system consists of 13 fixed routes , plus the Illinois State University Redbird Express , and two additional Express routes that operate on the busiest portions of the Lime and Red routes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Differential_geometry", "text": "Differential geometry is a mathematical discipline that uses the techniques of differential calculus , integral calculus , linear algebra and multilinear algebra to study problems in geometry . The theory of plane and space curves and surfaces in the three-dimensional Euclidean space formed the basis for development of differential geometry during the 18th century and the 19th century . Since the late 19th century , differential geometry has grown into a field concerned more generally with the geometric structures on differentiable manifolds . Differential geometry is closely related to differential topology and the geometric aspects of the theory of differential equations . The differential geometry of surfaces captures many of the key ideas and techniques endemic to this field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michel_Brunet_(paleontologist)", "text": "Michel Brunet ( born on April 6 , 1940 ) is a French paleontologist and a professor at the Collège de France . In 2001 Brunet announced the discovery in Central Africa of the skull and jaw remains of a late Miocene hominid nicknamed Toumaï . These remains may predate the earliest previously known hominid remains , Lucy , by over three million years ; however , this conclusion is the subject of a significant controversy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aníbal_Santiago_Acevedo", "text": "Aníbal Santiago Acevedo ( born April 28 , 1971 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican boxer , who won a bronze medal in the welterweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics . A year earlier he won the bronze medal at the Pan American Games in Havana , Cuba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spartan_(film)", "text": "Spartan is a 2004 American action thriller film written and directed by David Mamet and starring Val Kilmer , Derek Luke , Tia Texada , Ed O'Neill , William H. Macy , and Kristen Bell . It was released in the United States and Canada on March 12 , 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ryan_Hietala", "text": "Ryan Hietala ( born November 8 , 1973 ) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour . Hietala was born in Bellingham , Washington . He played college golf at the University of Texas-El Paso , graduating in 1998 with a degree in criminal justice . He turned professional in 1997 . Hietala has played on several mini-tours and third-tier tours : Tight Lies Tour ( 1997-2001 ) , Canadian Tour ( 1998 ) , and Golden Bear Tour ( 2002 ) . He played on the Nationwide Tour in 1999 , 2003-05 , 2007-09 . He played on the PGA Tour in 2006 after finishing T18 in the 2005 qualifying school . He made only seven cuts in 23 starts with his best finish at the FedEx St. Jude Classic - T38 . Hietala has two wins on the Nationwide Tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Dallas_Cowboys_season", "text": "The 1995 Dallas Cowboys season was the franchise 's 36th season in the National Football League and was the second year under head coach Barry Switzer and final of the three Super Bowl titles they would win during 1992 to 1995 . Dallas would be the first team to ever win three Super Bowls in a span of four seasons ( would be later matched by the New England Patriots from the 2001 to 2004 seasons ) . Switzer guided the Cowboys to a fifth Super Bowl victory by defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in Super Bowl XXX . As of 2020 , this is the last time the Cowboys appeared in the NFC Championship Game , and in turn , their last Super Bowl appearance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Church_of_the_SubGenius", "text": "The Church of the SubGenius is a parody religion that satirizes better-known belief systems . It teaches a complex philosophy that focuses on J. R. Bob Dobbs , purportedly a salesman from the 1950s , who is revered as a prophet by the Church . SubGenius leaders have developed detailed narratives about Dobbs and his relationship to various gods and conspiracies . Their central deity , Jehovah 1 , is accompanied by other gods drawn from ancient myth and popular fiction . SubGenius literature describes a grand conspiracy that seeks to brainwash the world and oppress Dobbs ' followers . In its narratives , the Church presents a blend of cultural references in an elaborate remix of the sources . Ivan Stang , who co-founded the Church of the SubGenius in the 1970s , serves as its leader and publicist . He has imitated actions of other religious leaders , using the tactic of culture jamming in an attempt to undermine better-known faiths . Church leaders instruct their followers to avoid mainstream commercialism and the belief in absolute truths . The group holds that the quality of Slack is of utmost importance - it is never clearly defined . The number of followers is unknown , although the Church 's message has been welcomed by college students and artists in the United States . The group is often compared to Discordianism ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Wilson_(Pennsylvania)", "text": "Henry Wilson ( 1778 - August 14 , 1826 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . Henry Wilson was born in Dauphin , Pennsylvania . He completed preparatory studies , studied law in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , was admitted to the bar December 21 , 1812 , and commenced practice in Allentown , Pennsylvania . He served as prothonotary and clerk of Lehigh County Courts from 1815 to 1821 . Wilson was elected to the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Congresses and served until his death in Allentown in 1826 . Interment in Union Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Campinas", "text": "Campinas ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ kɐ̃ˈpinɐs ] , Plains or Meadows ) is a Brazilian municipality in São Paulo State , part of the country 's Southeast Region . According to the 2010 Census , the city 's population is 1,080,999 , making it the fourteenth most populous Brazilian city and the third most populous municipality in São Paulo state . The city 's metropolitan area , Metropolitan Region of Campinas , contains twenty municipalities with a total population of 3,656,363 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ATM_FA", "text": "Armed Forces Football Club commonly known as Armed Forces enters a team in Malaysian football competitions to represent the Malaysian Armed Forces . The club 's home stadium is the MINDEF Stadium . The club currently plays in the 3rd division of Malaysian football , the Malaysia M3 League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morgantown,_Maryland", "text": "Morgantown is an unincorporated community in Charles County , Maryland , United States . It lies south of the Governor Harry W. Nice Memorial Bridge on the Potomac River at Lower Cedar Point . Morgantown is known for the Mirant Morgantown Generating Station smokestacks . The community had ferryboat service to Potomac Beach in Virginia before the present bridge opened in 1940 . Waverley was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 . In 2007 , a controversial coal barge loading facility was under construction at the power plant on Popes Creek ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cumming,_Georgia", "text": "Cumming is a city in Forsyth County , Georgia , United States , and the sole incorporated area in the county . It is an exurban city , and part of the Atlanta metropolitan area . Its population was 5,430 at the 2010 census , up from 4,200 in 2000 . Surrounding unincorporated areas with a Cumming mailing address have a population of approximately 100,000 . Cumming is the county seat of Forsyth County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1990", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1990 , the eighth Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum , Biloxi , Mississippi on July 16 , 1990 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Bridgette Wilson of Oregon was crowned by outgoing titleholder Brandi Sherwood of Idaho . 1990 marked the year that Oregon won the pageant for the second of three times in the history of the pageant . Oregon and Texas are the only states that have won more than two Miss Teen USA titles , Oregon : Mindy Duncan in 1988 , Bridgette Wilson in 1990 and Tami Farrell in 2003 . Texas : Christie Lee Woods in 1996 , Danielle Doty in 2011 , and Karlie Hay in 2016 . This was the first year the pageant was held at the Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum in Biloxi , where it would be held for the following four years . Sandy Duncan hosted the event for the only time , with color commentary by Leeza Gibbons and Miss Teen USA 1985 Kelly Hu . Music was provided by the Gulf Coast Teen Orchestra . Duncan was the first female host of an American beauty pageant ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corzuela", "text": "Corzuela is a town in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the General Belgrano Department . It was founded on April 30 , 1917 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Talbot_Athletic_Ground", "text": "The Talbot Athletic Ground is a sports stadium located in central Port Talbot , Wales , with a maximum capacity of 3,000 . The ground is home to Welsh rugby union team Aberavon RFC , and the Wales women 's national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kit_Carson_County,_Colorado", "text": "Kit Carson County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2010 census , the population was 8,270 . The county seat is Burlington . The county was established in 1889 and named for American frontiersman and Indian fighter Kit Carson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rocinha,_Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Rocinha ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ʁɔˈsĩɲɐ ] , little farm ) is the largest favela in Brazil , located in Rio de Janeiro 's South Zone between the districts of São Conrado and Gávea . Rocinha is built on a steep hillside overlooking Rio de Janeiro , and is located about one kilometre from a nearby beach . Most of the favela is on a very steep hill , with many trees surrounding it . Almost 100,000 people live in Rocinha , making it the most populous favela in Brazil . Although Rocinha is officially classified as a neighbourhood , many still refer to it as a favela . It developed from a shanty town into an urbanized slum . Today , almost all the houses in Rocinha are made from concrete and brick . Some buildings are three and four stories tall and almost all houses have basic sanitation , plumbing and electricity . Compared to simple shanty towns or slums , Rocinha has a better developed infrastructure and hundreds of businesses such as banks , medicine stores , bus routes , cable television , including locally based channel TV ROC ( TV Rocinha ) , and , at one time , a McDonald 's franchise . These factors help classify Rocinha as a favela bairro , or favela neighborhood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1989–90_NHL_season", "text": "The 1989-90 NHL season was the 73rd season of the National Hockey League . The Stanley Cup winners were the Edmonton Oilers , who won the best of seven series 4-1 against the Boston Bruins . The championship was the Oilers ' fifth Stanley Cup in the past seven years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jurassic_Park_(film)", "text": "Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and produced by Kathleen Kennedy and Gerald R. Molen . It is the first installment in the Jurassic Park franchise , and is based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton and a screenplay written by Crichton and David Koepp . The film is set on the fictional island of Isla Nublar , located off Central America 's Pacific Coast near Costa Rica . There , wealthy businessman John Hammond and a team of genetic scientists have created a wildlife park of de-extinct dinosaurs . When industrial sabotage leads to a catastrophic shutdown of the park 's power facilities and security precautions , a small group of visitors and Hammond 's grandchildren struggle to survive and escape the perilous island . Before Crichton 's novel was published , four studios put in bids for its film rights . With the backing of Universal Studios , Spielberg acquired the rights for $ 1.5 million before its publication in 1990 ; Crichton was hired for an additional $ 500,000 to adapt the novel for the screen . Koepp wrote the final draft , which left out much of the novel 's exposition and violence and made numerous changes to the characters . Filming took place in California and Hawaii between August and November 1992 , and post-production rolled until May 1993 , supervised by Spielberg in Poland as he filmed Schindler 's List . The dinosaurs were created with groundbreaking computer-generated imagery by Industrial Light & Magic ( ILM ) and with life-sized animatronic dinosaurs built by Stan Winston 's team . To showcase the film 's sound design , which included a mixture of various animal noises for the dinosaur roars , Spielberg invested in the creation of DTS , a company specializing in digital surround sound formats . The film also underwent an extensive $ 65 million marketing campaign , which included licensing deals with over 100 companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saginaw_Valley_State_University", "text": "Saginaw Valley State University ( SVSU ) is a public university in University Center , Michigan . It was founded in 1963 as Saginaw Valley College . It is located on 748 acres in Saginaw County 's Kochville Township , approximately 5.5 miles north of downtown Saginaw . It is the youngest of Michigan 's 15 public colleges and universities . SVSU offers over 100 academic programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels with approximately 8,500 students at its main campus in University Center . SVSU offers programs of study in its five colleges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenya_Commercial_Bank_S.C.", "text": "Kenya Commercial Bank Sports Club , commonly known as KCB , and nicknamed Sidwedweis a Kenyan multi-sport club based in Nairobi currently playing in the Kenyan Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daegu_Civil_Stadium", "text": "The Daegu Civic Stadium ( Korean : 대구시민운동장 ) was a sports complex in Daegu , South Korea . The stadium was used mostly for football matches of Daegu FC . During the 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics , it hosted some football matches . The stadium had a capacity of 30,000 ( 19,467 seats ) and opened on 20 April 1948 . The stadium was expanded and reconstructed in 1975 , and was renovated and repaired on 8 September 2003 . The complex was demolished in 2017 , and the new DGB Daegu Bank Park was built at the same place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarawak_FA", "text": "Football Association of Sarawak ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Sarawak ) is a football club that supervises football in the state of Sarawak . The association 's football team competes in Malaysia 's football league representing the state of Sarawak in Borneo . It is one of the 14 state teams of the Malaysian football structure . They currently compete in Malaysia 's second division professional football league , the Malaysia Premier League . The team 's home matches are played at the 26,000 capacity Sarawak State Stadium in Kuching , the capital city of Sarawak . The team has won the Malaysia FA Cup ( 1992 ) , Premier League in 1997 and the Malaysia Charity Shield ( 1998 ) . In 1999 , the team advanced to the quarter-finals of the Asian Cup Winners ' Cup after beating Ho Chi Minh Customs of V-League by 5-2 on aggregate in the first round and Yangon City Development of Myanmar Premier League by 4-0 on aggregate in the second round , only to crashing out later to Kashima Antlers of J-League by 2-14 on aggregate . In 2013 , the team won the Malaysia Premier League which is their first domestic trophy in 12 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_B._Jenkins", "text": "Jerry Bruce Jenkins ( born September 23 , 1949 in Kalamazoo , Michigan ) is an American novelist and biographer . He is best known as writer of the Left Behind series of books with Tim LaHaye . Jenkins has written over 190 books , including romance novels , mysteries , and children 's adventures , as well as non-fiction , including biographies and marriage & family titles . His fiction usually features evangelical Christians as protagonists . In 2005 , Jenkins and LaHaye ranked 9th in Amazon.com 's 10th Anniversary Hall of Fame authors ranked according to the largest numbers of books sold at Amazon.com in the 10 years since it opened on July 16 , 1995 . In 2018 , Left Behind was listed as one of the 100 favorite novels in America by PBS . Jenkins and his wife Dianna have three sons , several grandchildren , and reside in Black Forest , Colorado ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Webber", "text": "Mark Alan Webber AO ( born 27 August 1976 ) is an Australian former professional racing driver , who last competed in the FIA World Endurance Championship as a Porsche works driver in LMP1 , in which he won the championship in 2015 . Webber won nine Formula One Grands Prix and finished third in the championship in 2010 , 2011 and 2013 , all of which achieved while driving for Red Bull Racing . After some racing success in Australia driving Formula Ford and Formula Holden , Webber moved to the United Kingdom in 1995 to further his motorsport career . Webber began a partnership with fellow Australian Paul Stoddart , at that time owner of the European Racing Formula 3000 team , which eventually took them both into Formula One when Stoddart bought the Minardi team . He also beat future F1 World Champion Fernando Alonso , then 19 , in the 2000 International Formula 3000 season . Webber made his Formula One debut in 2002 , scoring Minardi 's first points in three years at his and Stoddart 's home race . After his first season , Jaguar took him on as lead driver . During two years with the generally uncompetitive team , Webber qualified on the front two rows of the grid several times and outperformed his teammates . His first F1 win was with Red Bull at the 2009 German Grand Prix , which followed second places at the 2009 Chinese Grand Prix , 2009 Turkish Grand Prix and 2009 British Grand Prix . By the end of 2009 , Webber had scored eight podiums , including another victory in Brazil . His eight podiums in 2009 compares with only two podiums in the first seven years of his career . He added ten more podiums in 2010 , including victories in Spain , Monaco , Britain and Hungary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1995", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1995 , the 13th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from the Century II Convention Center in Wichita , Kansas on 15 August 1995 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Keylee Sue Sanders of Kansas was crowned by outgoing queen Shauna Gambill of California . The pageant was hosted by Bob Goen for the second year , with color commentary by Maty Monfort and entertainment by All-4-One . This was the only year that the pageant was held in Wichita , which also held the Miss USA pageant from 1990-1994 , and it was the first time that a delegate won the Miss Teen USA title in her home state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Frank_Ifield", "text": "Francis Edward Ifield OAM ( born 30 November 1937 , Coundon ) is an English-Australian country music singer and guitarist who often incorporated yodelling . After living in Australia , Ifield returned to the United Kingdom in November 1959 where he had four number-one hits on the UK Singles Chart with his cover versions of I Remember You ( May 1962 ) , Lovesick Blues ( December ) , The Wayward Wind ( March 1963 ) and Confessin ' That I Love You ( September ) . In 2003 , Ifield was inducted into the Australian Roll of Renown . Ifield was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame at the ARIA Music Awards of 2007 . In 1986 he contracted pneumonia , which resulted in removal of part of a lung and damage to his vocal cords . He relocated to Sydney in 1988 and was unable to sing or yodel for years as he recovered . In June 2009 he was presented with the Medal of the Order of Australia , For service to the arts as an entertainer . He was first married to Gillian Bowden ( 1965-88 ) and the couple had two children . His second marriage was to Carole Wood ( 1992-present ) . In 2005 he co-wrote his autobiography , I Remember Me : the First 25 Years , with Pauline Halford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oakland,_California", "text": "Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County , California , United States . A major West Coast port city , Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area , the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area , the eighth most populated city in California , and the 45th largest city in the United States . With a population of 428,827 as of 2018 [ update ] , it serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area ; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay , the entirety of Northern California , and the fifth busiest in the United States of America . An act to incorporate the city was passed on May 4 , 1852 , and incorporation was later approved on March 25 , 1854 , which officially made Oakland a city . Oakland is a charter city . Oakland 's territory covers what was once a mosaic of California coastal terrace prairie , oak woodland , and north coastal scrub . Its land served as a rich resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco . Oakland 's fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region . In the late 1860s , Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad . Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , many San Francisco citizens moved to Oakland , enlarging the city 's population , increasing its housing stock , and improving its infrastructure . It continued to grow in the 20th century with its busy port , shipyards , and a thriving automobile manufacturing industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Araria_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Araria Lok Sabha constituency ( Hindi : अररिया लोकसभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is one of the 40 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India . It is unreserved ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blohm_+_Voss", "text": "Blohm+Voss ( B+V ) , also written historically as Blohm & Voss , Blohm und Voß etc. , is a German shipbuilding and engineering company . Founded in Hamburg in 1877 to specialise in steel-hulled ships , its most famous product is the World War II battleship Bismarck . In the 1930s its owners established the Hamburger Flugzeugbau aircraft manufacturer which , shortly before the outbreak of World War II , adopted the name of its parent company . Following a difficult period after the war , B+V revived its fortunes by becoming a public company under a change of ownership . In 2016 it became a subsidiary of Lürssen and continues to supply both the military and civil markets . The company also carries out related activities , managing a dockyard in Hamburg and undertaking maintenance and repair of large cruise ships . Since the acquisition , it has been concentrated in three areas : warships ( new construction ) , cruise ships and merchants ( repairs ) and yacht refitting . The company has been in operation , building ships and other large machinery , almost continuously for 143 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kassel", "text": "Kassel ( German pronunciation : [ ˈkasl̩ ] ( listen ) ; in Germany , spelled Cassel until 1928 ) is a city located on the Fulda River in northern Hesse , Germany . It is the administrative seat of the Regierungsbezirk Kassel and the district of the same name and had 200,507 inhabitants in December 2015 . The former capital of the state of Hesse-Kassel has many palaces and parks , including the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe , which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Kassel is also known for the documenta exhibitions of contemporary art . Kassel has a public university with 25,000 students ( 2018 ) and a multicultural population ( 39% of the citizens in 2017 had a migration background ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arc_System_Works", "text": "Arc System Works Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社アークシステムワークス , Kabushiki gaisha Āku Shisutemu Wākusu ) is a video game developer and publisher located in Yokohama . Founded by Minoru Kidooka in 1988 , the company is known for arcade 2D fighting game franchises , including Guilty Gear and BlazBlue , as well as other licensed-based fighting games for Dragon Ball and Persona 4 Arena ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Hospital_for_Sick_Children_(Toronto)", "text": "The Hospital for Sick Children , corporately branded as SickKids , is a major pediatric teaching hospital located on University Avenue in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It is affiliated with the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Toronto . The hospital 's Peter Gilgan Centre for Research and Learning is believed to be the largest pediatric research tower in the world at 69,677.28 square metres . Founded in 1875 , the hospital was inspired by the example of Great Ormond Street Hospital in London . [ citation needed ] The hospital is located in the Discovery District of Downtown Toronto on University Avenue , adjacent to the Toronto General Hospital and across from Mount Sinai Hospital and the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre - collectively forming a complex known as Hospital Row , each connected by tunnels and bridges . The hospital is known for its advertisement campaigns and the largest amounts of donations received for any Canadian hospital . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Barna_Kabay", "text": "Barna Kabay ( born August 15 , 1948 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian film director , screenwriter and film producer . His film The Revolt of Job ( 1983 ) , which he co-directed with Imre Gyöngyössy , was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metropolitan_Museum_of_Art", "text": "The Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York City , colloquially the Met , [ a ] is the largest art museum in the United States . With 6,953,927 visitors to its three locations in 2018 , it was the third most visited art museum in the world . Its permanent collection contains over two million works , divided among 17 curatorial departments . The main building at 1000 Fifth Avenue , along the Museum Mile on the eastern edge of Central Park in Manhattan 's Upper East Side , is by area one of the world 's largest art galleries . A much smaller second location , The Cloisters at Fort Tryon Park in Upper Manhattan , contains an extensive collection of art , architecture , and artifacts from medieval Europe . On March 18 , 2016 , the museum opened the Met Breuer museum along Madison Avenue on the Upper East Side ; it extends the museum 's modern and contemporary art program . The permanent collection consists of works of art from classical antiquity and ancient Egypt , paintings , and sculptures from nearly all the European masters , and an extensive collection of American and modern art . The Met maintains extensive holdings of African , Asian , Oceanian , Byzantine , and Islamic art . The museum is home to encyclopedic collections of musical instruments , costumes , and accessories , as well as antique weapons and armor from around the world . Several notable interiors , ranging from 1st-century Rome through modern American design , are installed in its galleries . The Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870 for the purposes of opening a museum to bring art and art education to the American people . The Fifth Avenue building opened on February 20 , 1872 , at 681 Fifth Avenue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lake_Erie_Crushers", "text": "The Lake Erie Crushers are a professional baseball team based in Avon , Ohio , a city on the southern shore of Lake Erie . It is a member of the independent Frontier League , which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball . The Crushers won the Frontier League Championship in their inaugural season . They defeated the River City Rascals three games to two after losing the first two games of the series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Batticaloa", "text": "Batticaloa ( Tamil : மட்டக்களப்பு , Maṭṭakkaḷappu ; Sinhala : මඩකලපුව , Madakalapuwa ) is a major city in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , and its former capital . It is the administrative capital of the Batticaloa District . The city is the seat of the Eastern University of Sri Lanka and is a major commercial city . It is on the east coast , 111 kilometres ( 69 mi ) south of Trincomalee , and is situated on an island . Pasikudah is popular tourist destinations situated 35 km northwest with beaches and flat year-round warm-water shallow-lagoons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harold_Pinter", "text": "Harold Pinter CH CBE ( /ˈpɪntər/ ; 10 October 1930 - 24 December 2008 ) was a British playwright , screenwriter , director and actor . A Nobel Prize winner , Pinter was one of the most influential modern British dramatists with a writing career that spanned more than 50 years . His best-known plays include The Birthday Party ( 1957 ) , The Homecoming ( 1964 ) , and Betrayal ( 1978 ) , each of which he adapted for the screen . His screenplay adaptations of others ' works include The Servant ( 1963 ) , The Go-Between ( 1971 ) , The French Lieutenant 's Woman ( 1981 ) , The Trial ( 1993 ) , and Sleuth ( 2007 ) . He also directed or acted in radio , stage , television , and film productions of his own and others ' works . Pinter was born and raised in Hackney , east London , and educated at Hackney Downs School . He was a sprinter and a keen cricket player , acting in school plays and writing poetry . He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art but did not complete the course . He was fined for refusing national service as a conscientious objector . Subsequently , he continued training at the Central School of Speech and Drama and worked in repertory theatre in Ireland and England . In 1956 he married actress Vivien Merchant and had a son , Daniel , born in 1958 . He left Merchant in 1975 and married author Lady Antonia Fraser in 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_DeBose", "text": "Michael DeBose ( December 16 , 1953 - April 23 , 2012 ) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives . He was first elected to that position on February 13 , 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drug_trafficking", "text": "The illegal drug trade or drug trafficking is a global black market dedicated to the cultivation , manufacture , distribution and sale of drugs that are subject to drug prohibition laws . Most jurisdictions prohibit trade , except under license , of many types of drugs through the use of drug prohibition laws . The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime 's World Drug Report 2005 estimates the size of the global illicit drug market at US $ 321.6 billion in 2003 alone . With a world GDP of US $ 36 trillion in the same year , the illegal drug trade may be estimated as nearly 1% of total global trade . Consumption of illegal drugs is widespread globally and it remains very difficult for local authorities to thwart its popularity ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angela_Merkel", "text": "Angela Dorothea Merkel ( /ˈmɜːrkəl , ˈmɛərkəl/ , German : [ aŋˈɡeːla doʁoˈteːa ˈmɛʁkl̩ ] ; [ a ] née Kasner ; born 17 July 1954 ) is a German politician serving as the chancellor of Germany since 2005 . She served as the leader of the centre-right Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) from 2000 to 2018 . Merkel has been widely described as the de facto leader of the European Union , the most powerful woman in the world , and by some commentators as the leader of the free world . Merkel was born in Hamburg in then-West Germany and moved to East Germany as an infant when her father , a Lutheran clergyman , received a pastorate in Perleberg . She obtained a doctorate in quantum chemistry in 1986 and worked as a research scientist until 1989 . Merkel entered politics in the wake of the Revolutions of 1989 , and briefly served as a deputy spokesperson for the first democratically elected East German Government headed by Lothar de Maizière in 1990 . Following German reunification in 1990 , Merkel was elected to the Bundestag for the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , and has been reelected ever since . As the protégée of Chancellor Helmut Kohl , Merkel was appointed as the Federal Minister for Women and Youth in Kohl 's government in 1991 , and became the Federal Minister for the Environment , Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety in 1994 . After her party lost the federal election in 1998 , Merkel was elected Secretary-General of the CDU before becoming the party 's first female leader two years later in the aftermath of a donations scandal that toppled Wolfgang Schäuble . Following the 2005 federal election , Merkel was appointed Germany 's first female chancellor at the head of a grand coalition consisting of the CDU , its Bavarian sister party the Christian Social Union ( CSU ) and the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) . In the 2009 federal election the CDU obtained the largest share of the vote , and Merkel was able to form a coalition government with the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) . At the 2013 federal election , Merkel 's CDU won a landslide victory with 41.5% of the vote and formed a second grand coalition with the SPD , after the FDP lost all of its representation in the Bundestag ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Doctor_Mid-Nite", "text": "Doctor Mid-Nite ( also Doctor Midnight ) is a fictional superhero physician in DC Comics . The figure has been represented in the comics by three different individuals , Charles McNider , Beth Chapel , and Pieter Anton Cross . Dr. Mid-Nite was originally created by writer Charles Reizenstein and artist Stanley Josephs Aschmeier in 1941 . The hero , represented first by Charles McNider , appeared for the first time in All-American Comics # 25 ( April 1941 ) . Like many Golden Age heroic characters , the original Doctor Mid-Nite appeared as a member of DC 's Justice Society of America . His two successors were also represented as members of the group or an offshoot . Doctor Mid-Nite has never appeared as the solo protagonist of a regular title magazine , but the figure has been the subject of an anthology and a mini-series . All three versions of Doctor Mid-Nite have exhibited the same basic features : a cowled costume featuring a crescent moon symbol , keen ability to see in the darkness at the cost of near or total blindness in sunlight , the use of special visors and blackout smoke bombs to gain tactical advantage in combat , a high degree of skill in martial arts , and jobs as physicians serving both normal human beings and metahuman superheroes . Additionally , two of the doctors have been accompanied by sidekick owls . As a blind character , Doctor Mid-Nite is widely regarded as the first superhero in comics to exhibit a physical impairment , pre-dating the creation of Daredevil of Marvel Comics by more than twenty years . Dr. Mid-Nite made his live appearance on the second season of DC 's Legends of Tomorrow played by Kwesi Ameyaw . Doctor Mid-Nite will appear in the upcoming DC Universe series Stargirl and will be portrayed by Henry Thomas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bachelor_of_Arts", "text": "A Bachelor of Arts ( BA or AB ; from the Latin baccalaureus artium or artium baccalaureus ) is a bachelor 's degree awarded for an undergraduate program in the arts and sciences . Bachelor of Arts programs generally take three or four years depending on the country and institution . Diplomas generally give the name of the institution , signatures of officials of the institution , type of degree conferred , conferring authority , and location at which the degree is conferred . Diplomas are printed on high-quality paper or parchment ; individual institutions set the preferred abbreviation for their degrees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vicksburg,_Mississippi", "text": "Vicksburg is a historic American city , located on a high bluff on the east bank of the Mississippi River across from Louisiana . Originally built by French colonists in 1719 , the outpost withstood an attack from the native Natchez people . It was incorporated as Vicksburg in 1825 after Methodist missionary Newitt Vick . In the American Civil War , it was a key Confederate river-port , and its surrender to Ulysses S. Grant in July 1863 marked the turning-point of the war . Vicksburg then had a troubled history of racial conflict , well into the 20th century . The city is home to three large installations of the US Army Corps of Engineers , which has often been involved in local flood control . Vicksburg is the county seat of Warren County , Mississippi , with a population of 23,856 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brock_Peters", "text": "Brock Peters or Brock G. Peters ( born George Fisher ; July 2 , 1927 - August 23 , 2005 ) was an American actor , best known for playing the role of Tom Robinson in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird and for his role as the villainous Crown in the 1959 film version of Porgy and Bess . In later years , he gained recognition among Star Trek fans for his portrayals of Fleet Admiral Cartwright in two of the Star Trek feature films and Joseph Sisko , father of Benjamin Sisko , in Star Trek : Deep Space Nine . He was also notable for his role as Hatcher in Soylent Green ."}
{"title": "/wiki/You_Again?", "text": "You Again ? is an American sitcom that aired for two seasons on NBC from February 27 , 1986 to January 7 , 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denmark", "text": "Denmark ( Danish : Danmark , pronounced [ ˈtænmak ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Denmark , [ N 10 ] [ N 2 ] is a Nordic country in Northwest Europe . Denmark proper , which is the southernmost of the Scandinavian countries , consists of a peninsula , Jutland , and an archipelago of 443 named islands , [ N 2 ] with the largest being Zealand , Funen and the North Jutlandic Island . The islands are characterised by flat , arable land and sandy coasts , low elevation and a temperate climate . The southernmost of the Scandinavian nations , Denmark lies southwest of Sweden and south of Norway , [ N 11 ] and is bordered to the south by Germany . The Kingdom of Denmark also includes two autonomous territories in the North Atlantic Ocean : the Faroe Islands and Greenland . Denmark has a total area of 42,924 km2 ( 16,573 sq mi ) , land area of 42,394 km2 ( 16,368 sq mi ) , and the total area including Greenland and the Faroe Islands is 2,210,579 km2 ( 853,509 sq mi ) , and a population of 5.8 million in Denmark proper ( Danish egentlige Danmark ) ( as of 2020 [ update ] ) . The unified kingdom of Denmark emerged in the 8th century as a proficient seafaring nation in the struggle for control of the Baltic Sea . Denmark , Sweden , and Norway were ruled together under one sovereign ruler in the Kalmar Union , established in 1397 and ending with Swedish secession in 1523 . The areas of Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until 1814 , Denmark-Norway . Beginning in the 17th century , there were several devastating wars with the Swedish Empire , ending with large cessions of territory to Sweden . After the Napoleonic Wars , Norway was ceded to Sweden , while Denmark kept the Faroe Islands , Greenland , and Iceland . In the 19th century there was a surge of nationalist movements , which were defeated in the First Schleswig War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kennedy_Stewart_(Canadian_politician)", "text": "Edward Charles Kennedy Stewart ( born November 8 , 1966 ) is a Canadian politician and academic serving as the 40th and current mayor of Vancouver since 2018 . He previously was the member of Parliament ( MP ) for the riding of Burnaby - Douglas ( 2011-2015 ) and Burnaby South ( 2015-2018 ) , serving in the House of Commons as a member of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) caucus . In May 2018 , Stewart announced his pending resignation from Parliament , in order to seek election as Mayor of Vancouver as an independent candidate . In August 2018 , he publicly released his letter to the Speaker of House , Geoff Regan , confirming his resignation , effective September 14 , 2018 . During the 2018 Vancouver municipal election , Stewart was declared the winner of the mayoral race by a margin of fewer than 1,000 votes over Ken Sim , the Non-Partisan Association ( NPA ) candidate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Methodist_Episcopal_Church_(Scotland,_South_Dakota)", "text": "The Methodist Episcopal Church in Scotland , South Dakota is a former Methodist church located at 811 6th Street . It was built in 1872 . In 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places . As of that date , it was the Heritage Museum-Chapel . It is a one-and-one-half-story building made of native chalkstone quarried one-half mile away . It is about 24 by 36 feet ( 7.3 m × 11.0 m ) in plan . It is the oldest Methodist Church building in South Dakota . The national Methodist Church lists it as their historic site No . 52 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Molossidae", "text": "The Molossidae , or free-tailed bats , are a family of bats within the order Chiroptera . The Molossidae comprise the fourth-largest family of bats , containing about 110 species as of 2012 . They are generally quite robust , and consist of many strong-flying forms with relatively long and narrow wings with wrinkled lips shared through their genus . Their strong flying forms allows them to fly 60 miles per hour using tail winds and at altitudes over 10,000 feet . This makes them unique compared to any other bat as they are the only bat who withstand the elevation . They are widespread , being found on every continent except Antarctica . They are typically found in some in caves , abandoned mines , or tunnels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rousay", "text": "Rousay ( Old Norse : Hrólfsey meaning Rolf 's Island ) is a small , hilly island about 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) north of Mainland , the largest island in the Orkney Islands of Scotland . It has been nicknamed Egypt of the north , due to its archaeological diversity and importance . Like its neighbours Egilsay and Wyre , it can be reached by ro-ro ferry MV Eynhallow from Tingwall . This service is operated by Orkney Ferries , and can take up to 95 passengers ( reduced to 50 in winter ) , and 10 cars . The ferry links the islands of Rousay , Egilsay , and Wyre with each other , and with the mainland of Orkney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Akron_Zips_football", "text": "The Akron Zips football team is a college football program representing the University of Akron in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Akron plays its home games on InfoCision Stadium on the campus of the University of Akron in Akron , Ohio . The Zips compete in the Mid-American Conference as a member of the East Division . The team was established in 1891 when the school was known as Buchtel College and became the University of Akron in 1913 . In 1926 , the athletic teams were named the Zippers , after rubber boots manufactured by the B.F. Goodrich Company , which was headquartered in Akron at the time . The name was shortened to Zips in 1950 . Akron was originally classified as a Small College school in the 1937 season until 1972 . Akron received Division II classification in 1973 , before becoming a Division I-AA program in 1980 and a Division I-A ( now FBS ) program in 1987 . The Zips were the first team to move from Division I-AA to Division I-A . In 2005 , the Zips won the Mid-American Conference championship for the first time in the program 's history . Through the 2015 season , the Zips have an overall record of 507-524-36 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Upton,_New_York", "text": "Upton , New York is a hamlet and census-designated place ( CDP ) on Long Island in the town of Brookhaven . It is the home of the Brookhaven National Laboratory and a National Weather Service weather forecast office . Upton is located on eastern Long Island in Suffolk County , New York , in the United States . The town is so named because it was the site of the U.S. Army 's Camp Upton , which was active from 1917 until 1920 , and again from 1940 until 1946 . During World War II , the camp was rebuilt primarily as an induction center for draftees . The Army was later to use the site as a convalescent and rehabilitation hospital for returning wounded . The 32 megawatt ( MW ) Long Island Solar Farm ( LISF ) , located in Upton , is the largest photovoltaic array in the eastern United States . The LISF is made up of 164,312 solar panels which provide enough electricity for roughly 4,500 households . The project will cause the abatement of more than 30,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year . It earned the Best Photovoltaic Project of Year Award from the New York Solar Energy Industries Association . Since October 1993 , Upton has been the home of the National Weather Service New York City Weather Forecast Office ( WFO code OKX ) , which serves the New York metropolitan area . It is located on the grounds of Brookhaven National Laboratory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gavin_Coles", "text": "Gavin Coles ( born 19 October 1968 ) is an Australian professional golfer . Coles is currently a member of the Nationwide Tour . He was a member of the Nationwide Tour in 2002 , 2004 and 2006 and the PGA Tour in 2003 , 2005 and 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheldon_Adelson", "text": "Sheldon Gary Adelson ( pronounced /ˈædəlsən/ ; born August 4 , 1933 ) is an American business magnate , investor , philanthropist , and political donor . He is the founder , chairman and chief executive officer of Las Vegas Sands Corporation , which owns the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore , and the parent company of Venetian Macao Limited , which operates The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center . He owns the Israeli daily newspaper Israel Hayom , Makor Rishon and the American daily newspaper Las Vegas Review-Journal . Adelson , a philanthropist and donor to a variety of causes , created the Adelson Foundation in 2007 at the behest of his wife , Miriam . He is a member of the Republican Party , and made the largest single donation to any U.S. presidential inauguration when he gave the Trump inaugural committee US $ 5 million . As of November 2019 [ update ] , Adelson was listed by Forbes as having a fortune of US $ 37.7 billion , making him the 24th-richest person in the world . He is a major contributor to Republican Party candidates . He was the largest donor , of any party , in both the 2012 and 2016 presidential campaigns . He sat out the Republican primary season during the 2016 presidential campaign but on September 23 , he announced a $ 25 million donation to Donald Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign , making him the largest donor to the Trump campaign and the largest donor in the presidential election ( although this was less than the $ 100 million donation some had predicted ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cork_City_F.C.", "text": "Cork City Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork . The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division . The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984 . It was one of the first clubs in Ireland ( and the first in Cork ) to field a team of professional footballers . With the progression of professionalism at the club , continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football , the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country . In 2008 , financial issues resulted in a period of examinership , and the club 's then holding company was wound-up in 2010 . A team was entered into the 2010 League of Ireland First Division , before the club re-acquired rights to the name Cork City Football Club , and was promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season . Cork City FC won its third premier division title , and first FAI Cup double , during the 2017 season . City 's traditional colours are green and white with red trim , and the crest is a variant of the Cork coat of arms . The club play home games at Turners Cross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trinity_Church,_New_York", "text": "Trinity Church is a historic parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of New York located near the intersection of Wall Street and Broadway in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan , New York City , New York . Known for both its location and endowment , Trinity is a traditional high church , with an active parish centered around the Episcopal Church and the worldwide Anglican Communion in missionary , outreach , and fellowship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rhumba", "text": "Rhumba , also known as ballroom rumba , is a genre of ballroom music and dance that appeared in the East Coast of the United States during the 1930s . It combined American big band music with Afro-Cuban rhythms , primarily the son cubano , but also conga and rumba . Although taking its name from the latter , ballroom rumba differs completely from Cuban rumba in both its music and its dance . Hence , authors prefer the Americanized spelling of the word ( rhumba ) to distinguish between them ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nicole_Kidman", "text": "Nicole Mary Kidman AC ( born 20 June 1967 ) is an Australian actress and producer . She has won many awards including an Academy Award , two Primetime Emmy Awards , five Golden Globe Awards , and a Screen Actors Guild Award . She was listed among the highest-paid actresses in the world in 2006 , 2018 , and 2019 . Time magazine twice named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world , in 2004 and 2018 . Kidman began her acting career in Australia with the 1983 films Bush Christmas and BMX Bandits . Her breakthrough came in 1989 with the thriller film Dead Calm and the miniseries Bangkok Hilton . In 1990 , she made her Hollywood debut in the racing film Days of Thunder , opposite Tom Cruise . She went on to achieve wider recognition with lead roles in Far and Away ( 1992 ) , Batman Forever ( 1995 ) , To Die For ( 1995 ) , and Eyes Wide Shut ( 1999 ) . Kidman won the Academy Award for Best Actress for portraying the writer Virginia Woolf in the drama The Hours ( 2002 ) . Her other Oscar-nominated roles were as a courtesan in the musical Moulin Rouge ! ( 2001 ) and emotionally troubled mothers in the dramas Rabbit Hole ( 2010 ) and Lion ( 2016 ) . Kidman 's other film credits include The Others ( 2001 ) , Cold Mountain ( 2003 ) , Dogville ( 2003 ) , Birth ( 2004 ) , Australia ( 2008 ) , The Paperboy ( 2012 ) , Paddington ( 2014 ) , Destroyer ( 2018 ) , Aquaman ( 2018 ) , and Bombshell ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Otago", "text": "Otago ( /əˈtɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen ) , /oʊ- , ɒ-/ , Maori : Ōtākou [ ɔ : ˈta : kou ] ) is a region of New Zealand in the south of the South Island administered by the Otago Regional Council . It has an area of approximately 32,000 square kilometres ( 12,000 sq mi ) , making it the country 's third largest local government region . Its population was 232,300 in June 2018 . The name Otago is an Anglicisation of Otakou , the name of the Māori village near the entrance to the harbour . The exact meaning of the term is disputed , with common translations being isolated village and place of red earth , the latter referring to the reddish-ochre clay which is common in the area around Dunedin . Otago is also the old name of the European settlement on the Otago Harbour , established by the Weller Brothers in 1831 , which lies close to the modern harbourside community of Otakou . The place later became the focus of the Otago Association , an offshoot of the Free Church of Scotland , notable for its adoption of the principle that ordinary people , not the landowner , should choose the ministers . Major centres include Dunedin ( the principal city ) , Oamaru ( made famous by Janet Frame ) , Balclutha , Alexandra , and the major tourist centres Queenstown and Wanaka . Kaitangata in South Otago is a prominent source of coal . The Waitaki and Clutha rivers provide much of the country 's hydroelectric power . Some parts of the area originally covered by Otago Province are now administered by either Canterbury Regional Council or Southland Regional Council . The Central Otago wine region produces award-winning wines made from varieties such as the Pinot noir , Chardonnay , Sauvignon blanc , Merlot and Riesling grapes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kyabram_Football_Club", "text": "The Kyabram Football Netball Club , nicknamed the Bombers , is an Australian rules football and netball club based in the town of Kyabram , Victoria . The club teams currently compete in the Goulburn Valley Football League ( GVFL ) . Kyabram was a foundation club in the Goulburn Valley Football League and has been one of the most dominant . Only the Shepparton Football Club have won more premierships . The club had a successful era the 1920s , when they won five premierships . The club has produced many VFL/AFL footballers , including Ross Dillon , Garry Lyon and Brett Deledio . Kyabram 's Chris Stuhldreier won the GVFL goal-kicking every season from 1991 to 1994 , including a record setting 164 goals in 1993 . Between 2016 and 2018 the club won an astounding 62 wins in a row . The sequence stopped at the 2018 Grand Final . The club was undefeated in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2007–08_Euroleague", "text": "The 2007-08 Euroleague was the 8th season of the professional basketball competition for elite clubs throughout Europe , organised by Euroleague Basketball Company , and it was the 51st season of the premier competition for European men 's clubs overall . The 2007-08 season featured 24 competing teams . The Euroleague Regular Season draw was held on 30 June 2007 , in Jesolo , Italy , during the inaugural Euroleague summer league . The official inauguration was held on October 22 , at Hala Olivia in Gdańsk , Poland , before the season 's opening game between Prokom Trefl Sopot and CSKA Moscow . The 2008 Final Four was held on May 2-4 , 2008 , at the Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid in Madrid , Spain . Russian power CSKA Moscow became the champion for the sixth time , placing them second in all-time European championships to Real Madrid ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southorpe,_Cambridgeshire", "text": "Southorpe is a settlement and civil parish in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , in the United Kingdom . For electoral purposes it forms part of Barnack ward in North West Cambridgeshire constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Islanders", "text": "The New York Islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in the New York metropolitan area . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The team splits its home games between Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale , New York , and Barclays Center in the borough of Brooklyn . The Islanders are one of three NHL franchises in the New York metropolitan area , along with the New Jersey Devils and New York Rangers , and their fan base resides primarily on Long Island . The team was founded in 1972 as part of the NHL 's maneuvers to keep a team from rival league World Hockey Association ( WHA ) out of the newly built Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in suburban Uniondale , New York . After two years of building up the team 's roster , they found almost instant success by securing fourteen straight playoff berths starting with their third season . The Islanders won four consecutive Stanley Cup championships between 1980 and 1983 , the seventh of eight dynasties recognized by the NHL in its history . Their 19 consecutive playoff series wins between 1980 and 1984 is a feat that remains unparalleled in the history of professional sports . They are the last team in any major professional North American sport to win four consecutive championships . Following the team 's dynasty era , the franchise ran into problems with money , ownership and management , an aging arena , and low attendance . Their woes were reflected on the ice , as the team has not won a division title since 1987-88 , and went 22 seasons without winning a playoff series prior to the 2016 playoffs . After years of failed attempts to rebuild or replace Nassau Coliseum in suburban Long Island , the Islanders relocated to Barclays Center following the 2014-15 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canada", "text": "Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selangor_FA", "text": "Football Association of Selangor ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor ) , commonly referred to as FA Selangor is a Malaysian professional football club based in the city of Shah Alam and competes in the Malaysia Super League , the top division of Malaysian football . Founded in 1936 as Football Association of Selangor ( FAS ) and the association start build its football development by forming the professional football team and known as FA Selangor . It currently plays their home games in the 80,372-capacity Shah Alam Stadium . Selangor is the most successful club in Malaysia , in terms of overall titles won . Domestically , Selangor have won a record 6 times Malaysia top division league champion which include 2 Super League titles that currently plays , 5 FA Cups champion , 33 Malaysia Cups champion and 8 Charity Cups titles . Beside that , Selangor also have won 2 times Premier League titles and between 1953 to 1973 , 7 FAM Cups titles where FAM Cup as a secondary knockout competition between teams only after Malaysia Cup . Selangor also the first club to qualified and enter the highest Asian continental tournament , Asian Club Championship and becoming the runner-up in 1967 , the first edition of the Asian top-flight continental club tournament , which is later branded as the AFC Champions League in 2002 . In a season of 1997 , 2005 and 2009 were the most successful years for Selangor . In 1997 season , the club won three trophies FA Cup , Malaysia Cup and Charity Cup and runner-up for the Agong 's Cup under the coach Steve Wicks . In 2005 season , the team won three trophies Premier League , FA Cup and Malaysia Cup under the coaching of Dollah Salleh while in 2009 season , the head coach , K. Devan leads the team winning three trophies Super League , FA Cup and Charity Cup . This is the first domestic doubles for the history of the club . Among those who are responsible for the success of Selangor are the presidents : Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj , Harun Idris , Mohd ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marrakech", "text": "Marrakesh ( /məˈrækɛʃ/ or /ˌmærəˈkɛʃ/ ; Arabic : مراكش Murrākuš ; Berber languages : ⴰⵎⵓⵔⴰⴽⵓⵛ , romanized : Amurakuc , French : Marrakech ) is the fourth largest city in the Kingdom of Morocco . It is the capital of the mid-southwestern region of Marrakesh-Safi . It is located west of the foothills of the Atlas Mountains . Marrakesh is situated 580 km ( 360 mi ) southwest of Tangier , 327 km ( 203 mi ) southwest of the Moroccan capital of Rabat , 239 km ( 149 mi ) south of Casablanca , and 246 km ( 153 mi ) northeast of Agadir . The region has been inhabited by Berber farmers since Neolithic times . The city was founded in 1062 , by Abu Bakr ibn Umar , a chieftain and cousin of the Almoravid king , Yusuf ibn Tashfin . The city was one of Morocco 's four imperial cities . In the 12th century , the Almoravids built many madrasas ( Quranic schools ) and mosques in Marrakesh that bear Andalusian influences . The red walls of the city , built by Ali ibn Yusuf in 1122-1123 , and various buildings constructed in red sandstone during this period , have given the city the nickname of the Red City or Ochre City . Marrakesh grew rapidly and established itself as a cultural , religious , and trading center for the Maghreb and sub-Saharan Africa . Jemaa el-Fnaa is the busiest square in Africa . After a period of decline , the city was surpassed by Fez , but in the early 16th century , Marrakesh again became the capital of the kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/White-bellied_woodpecker", "text": "The white-bellied woodpecker or great black woodpecker ( Dryocopus javensis ) is found in evergreen forests of tropical Asia , including the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia . It has 14 subspecies , part of a complex including the Andaman woodpecker ( Dryocopus hodgei ) ( earlier treated as a subspecies ) . Many island forms are endangered , some are extinct . Populations differ in the distribution and extent of white . They are among the largest of the Asiatic woodpeckers and nest in large dead trees , often beside rivers . Their drums and calls are louder than those of the smaller woodpeckers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Julian", "text": "Peter S. Julian MP ( born April 16 , 1962 ) is a Canadian Member of Parliament for the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) , representing the riding of New Westminster - Burnaby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Android_(operating_system)", "text": "Android is a mobile operating system based on a modified version of the Linux kernel and other open source software , designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets . Android is developed by a consortium of developers known as the Open Handset Alliance , with the main contributor and commercial marketer being Google . Initially developed by Android Inc. , which Google bought in 2005 , Android was unveiled in 2007 , with the first commercial Android device launched in September 2008 . The current stable version is Android 10 , released on September 3 , 2019 . The core Android source code is known as Android Open Source Project ( AOSP ) , which is primarily licensed under the Apache License . This has allowed variants of Android to be developed on a range of other electronics , such as game consoles , digital cameras , PCs and others , each with a specialized user interface . Some well known derivatives include Android TV for televisions and Wear OS for wearables , both developed by Google . Android 's source code has been used as the basis of different ecosystems , most notably that of Google which is associated with a suite of proprietary software called Google Mobile Services ( GMS ) , that frequently comes pre-installed on said devices . This includes core apps such as Gmail , the digital distribution platform Google Play and associated Google Play Services development platform , and usually apps such as the Google Chrome web browser . These apps are licensed by manufacturers of Android devices certified under standards imposed by Google . Other competing Android ecosystems include Amazon.com 's Fire OS , or LineageOS . Software distribution is generally offered through proprietary application stores like Google Play Store or Samsung Galaxy Store , or open source platforms like Aptoide or F-Droid , which use software packages in the APK format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddie_Leon", "text": "Eduardo Antonio Leon ( born August 11 , 1946 ) is a former Major League Baseball infielder of Mexican American descent , who played for eight seasons , splitting time as a shortstop and second baseman . He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1968 to 1972 , the Chicago White Sox in 1973 and 1974 , and the New York Yankees in 1975 until being released on May 5 of that year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Niokolo-Koba_Airport", "text": "Niokolo-Koba Airport is an airstrip serving the Niokolo-Koba National Park in Senegal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A_Scream_in_the_Dark", "text": "A Scream in the Dark is a 1943 American mystery film directed by George Sherman and written by Anthony Coldeway and Gerald Schnitzer . The film stars Robert Lowery , Marie McDonald , Edward Brophy , Elizabeth Russell , Hobart Cavanaugh and Wally Vernon . The film was released on October 15 , 1943 , by Republic Pictures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jupiter_(astrology)", "text": "Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is . Before the age of telescopes , the night sky was thought to consist of two very similar components : fixed stars , which remained motionless in relation to each other , and wandering stars ( Ancient Greek : ἀστέρες πλανῆται asteres planetai ) , which moved relative to the fixed stars over the course of the year . To the Greeks and the other earliest astronomers , this group consisted of the five planets visible to the naked eye and excluded Earth . Although strictly , the term planet applied only to those five objects , the term was latterly broadened , particularly in the Middle Ages , to include the Sun and the Moon ( sometimes referred to as Lights ) , making a total of seven planets . Astrologers retain this definition today . To ancient astrologers , the planets represented the will of the gods and their direct influence upon human affairs . To modern astrologers , the planets can represent basic drives or urges in the unconscious , or energy flow regulators representing dimensions of experience . They express themselves with different qualities in the twelve signs of the zodiac and in the twelve houses . The planets are also related to each other in the form of aspects . Modern astrologers differ on the source of the correlations between planetary positions and configurations , on the one hand , and characteristics and destinies of the natives , on the other . Hone writes that the planets exert it directly through gravitation or another , unknown influence . Others hold that the planets have no direct influence in themselves , but are mirrors of basic organizing principles in the universe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1999–2000_Iraqi_First_Division", "text": "The 1999-2000 Iraqi First Division was the 26th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . The name of the league was changed from Iraqi Premier League to Iraqi First Division . The league title was won by Al-Zawraa for the second season in a row and the ninth time in their history . They also won the Iraq FA Cup , the Iraqi Elite Cup and the Iraqi Super Cup in this season , completing only the second ever domestic quadruple in Iraqi football history after Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya achieved it in the 1996-97 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saint_Paul,_Minnesota", "text": "Saint Paul ( abbreviated St. Paul ) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota . As of 2018 , the city 's estimated population was 307,695 . Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County , the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota . The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Minneapolis , the state 's largest city . Known as the Twin Cities , the two form the core of Minneapolis-Saint Paul , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States , with about 3.6 million residents . Founded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center , the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849 . The Dakota name for Saint Paul is Imnizaska . Regionally , the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center , home of the Minnesota Wild , and for the Science Museum of Minnesota . As a business hub of the Upper Midwest , it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab . Saint Paul , along with its twin city , Minneapolis , is known for its high literacy rate . The settlement originally began at present-day Lambert 's Landing , but was known as Pig 's Eye after Pierre Pig 's Eye Parrant established a popular tavern there . When Lucien Galtier , the first Catholic pastor of the region , established the Log Chapel of Saint Paul ( shortly thereafter to become the first location of the Cathedral of Saint Paul ) , he made it known that the settlement was now to be called by that name , as Saint Paul as applied to a town or city was well appropriated , this monosyllable is short , sounds good , it is understood by all Christian denominations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_E._Evans", "text": "David E. Evans is a professor of mathematics at Cardiff University , specialising in knot theory . He has published a number of books , many in collaboration with Yasuyuki Kawahigashi . He studied at New College , Oxford and Jesus College , Oxford . In 1989 , Evans won the London Mathematical Society Whitehead Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunbury_railway_station,_Surrey", "text": "Sunbury railway station serves the town of Sunbury-on-Thames , in the Spelthorne district of Surrey , England . It is 16 miles 64 chains ( 27.0 km ) down the line from London Waterloo . The station and all trains serving it are operated by South Western Railway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Farbelow", "text": "Mike Farbelow ( born March 30 , 1963 in Saint Paul , Minnesota ) is an American curler . He lives in Minneapolis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A._J._Johnson_(linebacker)", "text": "Alexander James Johnson ( born December 24 , 1991 ) is an American football linebacker for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at Tennessee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zorro,_The_Gay_Blade", "text": "Zorro , The Gay Blade is a 1981 swashbuckling comedy film from 20th Century Fox , produced by C.O . Erickson and George Hamilton , directed by Peter Medak , that stars Hamilton , Lauren Hutton , Ron Leibman , and Brenda Vaccaro . Via its dedication to director Rouben Mamoulian and opening prologue , the film establishes that it is a tongue-in-cheek sequel to 20th Century Fox 's swashbuckling adventure film The Mark of Zorro ( 1940 ) . Hamilton was nominated for a Golden Globe award for playing the dual role of Don Diego de la Vega ( Zorro ) and his gay twin brother Bunny Wigglesworth , Ramón de la Vega ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koch_Industries", "text": "Koch Industries , Inc. /koʊk/ is an American multinational corporation based in Wichita , Kansas . Its subsidiaries are involved in the manufacturing , refining , and distribution of petroleum , chemicals , energy , fiber , intermediates and polymers , minerals , fertilizers , pulp and paper , chemical technology equipment , ranching , finance , commodities trading , and investing . Koch owns Invista , Georgia-Pacific , Molex , Flint Hills Resources , Koch Pipeline , Koch Fertilizer , Koch Minerals , Matador Cattle Company , and Guardian Industries . The firm employs 120,000 people in 60 countries , with about half of its business in the United States . The company is the largest landowner in the Athabasca oil sands . With annual revenues of $ 110 billion by 2014 , the company is the second largest privately held company in the United States after Cargill . In 2007 , it was ranked as the largest privately held company . If Koch Industries had been a public company in 2013 , it would have ranked 17th in the Fortune 500 . The company was founded by its namesake , Fred C. Koch , in 1940 after he developed an innovative crude oil refining process . Fred C. Koch died in 1967 and his majority interest in the company was split amongst his four sons . In June 1983 , after a bitter legal and boardroom battle , the stakes of Frederick R. Koch and William Bill Koch were bought out for $ 1.1 billion and Charles Koch and David Koch became majority owners in the company . Charles owns 42% of the company ; trusts for the benefit of Elaine Tettemer Marshall , the daughter in-law of J. Howard Marshall and Anna Nicole Smith , and Elaine 's children , Preston Marshall and E. Pierce Marshall Jr. , own 16% of the company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matt_Campbell_(offensive_lineman)", "text": "Matthew Thomas Campbell ( born July 14 , 1972 ) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Carolina Panthers and the Washington Redskins . He played college football at the University of South Carolina . He is the former Offensive Coordinator at Virginia Military Institute . In January 2015 , he was named the head football coach and athletic director at Lugoff-Elgin HS in Lugoff , SC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Switzerland", "text": "Switzerland , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a country situated in the confluence of western , central , and southern Europe . [ note 4 ] It is a federal republic composed of 26 cantons , with federal authorities seated in Bern . [ note 1 ] Switzerland is a landlocked country bordered by Italy to the south , France to the west , Germany to the north , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east . It is geographically divided among the Swiss Plateau , the Alps , and the Jura , spanning a total area of 41,285 km2 ( 15,940 sq mi ) , and land area of 39,997 km2 ( 15,443 sq mi ) . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory , the Swiss population of approximately 8.5 million is concentrated mostly on the plateau , where the largest cities are located , among them the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva . The establishment of the Old Swiss Confederacy dates to the late medieval period , resulting from a series of military successes against Austria and Burgundy . Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire was formally recognized in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . The Federal Charter of 1291 is considered the founding document of Switzerland which is celebrated on Swiss National Day . Since the Reformation of the 16th century , Switzerland has maintained a strong policy of armed neutrality ; it has not fought an international war since 1815 and did not join the United Nations until 2002 . Nevertheless , it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world . Switzerland is the birthplace of the Red Cross , one of the world 's oldest and best known humanitarian organisations , and is home to numerous international organisations , including the second largest UN office . It is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association , but notably not part of the European Union , the European Economic Area or the Eurozone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson_C._Pharris", "text": "Jackson Charles Pharris ( June 26 , 1912 - October 17 , 1966 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for heroism during the attack on Pearl Harbor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Edwards_(priest)", "text": "Edward Edwards ( c. 1726 - 2 September 1783 ) was a Welsh scholar and clergyman . He was a Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford for over thirty-five years , and was Vice-Principal for more than twenty years . His particular scholastic interest was in the works of the Greek philosopher Xenophon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gelsenkirchen", "text": "Gelsenkirchen ( UK : /ˈɡɛlzənkɪərxən/ , US : /ˌɡɛlzənˈkɪərxən/ , German : [ ˌɡɛlzn̩ˈkɪʁçn̩ ] ( listen ) ; Westphalian : Gelsenkiärken ) is the 11th largest city of Germany 's most populous federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia and its 262,528 ( 2016 ) inhabitants make it the 25th largest city of Germany . On the Emscher River ( a tributary of the Rhine ) , it lies at the centre of the Ruhr , the largest urban area of Germany , of which it is the fifth largest city after Dortmund , Essen , Duisburg and Bochum . The Ruhr is located in the Rhine-Ruhr Metropolitan Region , one of Europe 's largest urban areas . Gelsenkirchen is the fifth largest city of Westphalia after Dortmund , Bochum , Bielefeld and Münster , and it is one of the southernmost cities in the Low German dialect area . The city is home to the football club Schalke 04 , which is named after Gelsenkirchen-Schalke [ de ] . The club 's current stadium Veltins-Arena , however , is located in Gelsenkirchen-Erle [ de ] . Gelsenkirchen was first documented in 1150 , but it remained a tiny village until the 19th century , when the Industrial Revolution led to the growth of the entire area . In 1840 , when the mining of coal began , 6,000 inhabitants lived in Gelsenkirchen ; in 1900 the population had increased to 138,000 . In the early 20th century , Gelsenkirchen was the most important coal mining town in Europe . It was called the city of a thousand fires for the flames of mine gases flaring at night . In 1928 , Gelsenkirchen was merged with the adjoining cities of Buer and Gelsenkirchen-Horst [ de ] . The city bore the name Gelsenkirchen-Buer , until it was renamed Gelsenkirchen in 1930 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Notre_Dame,_Indiana", "text": "Notre Dame is a census-designated place north of the city of South Bend in St. Joseph County , in the U.S. state of Indiana . It includes the campuses of three colleges : the University of Notre Dame , Saint Mary 's College , and Holy Cross College . Notre Dame is split between Clay and Portage Townships . As of the 2010 census , its population was 5,973 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fernando_Alonso", "text": "Fernando Alonso Díaz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ feɾˈnando aˈlonso ˈði.aθ ] ( listen ) ; born 29 July 1981 ) is a Spanish racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship in 2005 and 2006 for the Renault team . Away from Formula One , he is a champion of the 2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship and a two-time winner of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2018 and 2019 with Toyota . Alonso also won the 2019 24 Hours of Daytona for Wayne Taylor Racing . Born in Oviedo , Asturias to a working-class family , he began go-karting at the age of three and achieved success in local , national and world championships . Alonso later progressed to car racing , winning the Euro Open by Nissan in 1999 and was fourth in the International Formula 3000 Championship of 2000 . He debuted in Formula One with Minardi in 2001 before joining Renault as a test driver for 2002 . Promoted to a race seat in 2003 , Alonso won two drivers ' championships in 2005 and 2006 from Kimi Räikkönen and Michael Schumacher , respectively . After a third-place finish with McLaren in 2007 , he returned to Renault from 2008 to 2009 and won two races in the former year to place fifth overall . Alonso then drove for Ferrari from 2010 to 2014 . He finished runner-up to Sebastian Vettel three times in tightly-contested title duels in 2010 and 2012 and again in 2013 . A second stint with McLaren from 2015 to 2018 did not result in further success due to an uncompetitive car . Overall Alonso won 32 Formula One races , 22 pole positions and 1,899 points from 311 starts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Wilson_(basketball)", "text": "Henry Wilson ( born 1960s ) is an American former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Campbell University between 1985-86 and 1988-89 . During his four-year tenure playing for the Camels , Wilson a 6 ' 7 center , was a three-time First Team All-Big South Conference selection from his sophomore through senior seasons as well as a two-time All-Big South Tournament selection in 1987 and 1989 . During his senior campaign in 1988-89 , Wilson was named the Big South Player of the Year , becoming the fourth overall recipient of that award and the second player from Campbell in its then-brief history . For his career , Henry compiled 1,604 points , 724 rebounds and a school record 156 blocked shots . At the time of his graduation he also held the school record for career games started with 107 ( since surpassed ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Swatch_Group", "text": "The Swatch Group Ltd is a Swiss manufacturer of watches and jewellery . The company was founded in 1983 by Nicolas Hayek from the merger of Allgemeine Gesellschaft der Schweizerischen Uhrenindustrie ( ASUAG ) and Société Suisse pour l'Industrie Horlogère ( SSIH ) , in order to cope with the quartz crisis and save the Swiss watchmaking industry . The Swatch Group employs about 36,000 people in 50 countries . In 2016 , net sales were 7.533 billion Swiss francs ( CHF ) , decreasing 11% from 2015 results . In addition to the Swatch product line , the group also owns other brands , including Blancpain , Breguet , Glashütte Original , Harry Winston , Longines , Omega , Tissot , and RADO ."}
{"title": "/wiki/São_Paulo_FC", "text": "São Paulo Futebol Clube ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃w ˈpawlu fuʧiˈbɔw ˈklubi ] ) , simply known as São Paulo , is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of São Paulo . It has played in the Campeonato Paulista ( the State of São Paulo 's premier state league ) and Campeonato Brasileiro ( the top tier of the Brazilian football league system ) . As for international titles , SPFC is the most successful team from Brazil , with 12 international titles . It is also one of the most successful South American clubs in terms of overall titles , having won 21 state titles , six Brasileirão titles , three Copa Libertadores titles , one Copa Sudamericana , one Supercopa Libertadores , one Copa CONMEBOL , one Copa Masters CONMEBOL , two Recopa Sudamericanas , two Intercontinental Cup and one FIFA Club World Cup . Founded in 1930 , São Paulo was an inaugural member of the Clube dos 13 group of Brazil 's leading football clubs . The club 's most consistent spell of success came in the 1990s , under coach Telê Santana , when it won three state titles , one national championship , two Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , two Intercontinental Cups , a Supercopa Sudamericana , a Copa CONMEBOL , and a Copa Masters CONMEBOL . São Paulo is the third best-supported club in Brazil , with over 16 million supporters . The team 's traditional home kit is a white shirt with two horizontal stripes ( one red and one black ) , white shorts and white socks . Its home ground is the 67,052-seater Morumbi football stadium in São Paulo , where it has played since 1960 . The stadium was the venue for the Copa Libertadores finals of 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , 2000 , 2003 , 2005 and 2006 . São Paulo is the second richest Brazilian football club in terms of revenue , with an annual revenue of $ 111.9m ( €78.2m ) , and the nation 's second most valuable club , worth over $ 353.4m ( €246.9m ) in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nabeshima_ware", "text": "Nabeshima ware ( 鍋島焼 , Nabeshima-yaki ) is a type of Japanese pottery , specifically an unusually high-quality porcelain Arita ware . It was produced in Lord Nabeshima of Saga Domain 's kiln at Okawachi near Arita in the Edo period , for the use and profit of the family . The name therefore derives from the family . The Okawachi kiln was already in use , and continued to make other wares at the same time . Production began around 1700 , and continued until the late 19th century , with similar wares being produced elsewhere by descendants of the master lineage to the present day Unlike most Arita ware , the designs drew on Japanese rather than Chinese traditions , especially those of textile design , and are often marked by a free use of empty space . Much of the wares were dishes for food made in sets of five , with a high foot . These followed in shape the dishes in lacquered wood , which until then were the preferred dining dishes used by the aristocracy . The Nabeshima used them themselves and gave them to other feudal lords as prestige gifts . Very few were exported until the Meiji period . A variety of designs are used , ranging from the abstract to the representational . Animal and plant designs are popular , and designs showing three patterned jars are a particular feature . The technique also differs from that of most Japanese porcelain , with the outlines of the pattern done in underglaze blue before the overglaze enamelled final decoration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calle_13_(band)", "text": "Calle 13 is a Puerto Rican band formed by stepbrothers René Pérez Joglar ( born February 23 , 1978 in Hato Rey ) who calls himself Residente ( lead singer , songwriter ) and Eduardo José Cabra Martínez ( born September 10 , 1978 in Santurce ) , who calls himself Visitante ( multi-instrumentalist , vocalist , beat producer ) and their half-sister Ileana Cabra Joglar aka PG-13 or recently ILE ( backing vocals ) . Stepbrothers Pérez and Cabra first were discovered by Elias De Leon . They were subsequently given a record deal with White Lion Records after leaving a demo with A & R Director Carlos Karly Rosario . After the controversial song Querido F.B.I . was released , the group gained notoriety in Puerto Rico . In 2005 , Calle 13 released its eponymously titled debut album , which became very popular due to the singles Se Vale Tó-Tó and ¡Atrévete-te-te ! . In 2007 , the group released its second album , Residente o Visitante , which was also very successful and experimented with a wide variety of genres . The album helped the group gain success throughout Latin America and win three Latin Grammys . The group released its third album , Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo , in 2008 , which won Album of the Year at the 2009 Latin Grammy Awards . Calle 13 released Entren Los Que Quieran in November 2010 and its latest album , Multi Viral , on March 1 , 2014 . Calle 13 is noted for its eclectic musical style , often using unconventional instrumentation in its music , which distances the group from the reggaeton genre . The band is also known for its satirical lyrics as well as social commentary about Latin American issues and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Nicholas_Chapel_(Igiugig,_Alaska)", "text": "The St. Nicholas Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox church in the native village of Igiugig , Alaska , United States . Now it is under Diocese of Alaska of the Orthodox Church in America It is one of the region 's smallest churches , measuring 12 by 18 feet ( 3.7 m × 5.5 m ) , with clapboard siding , a metal gable roof , and a small shed-roof vestibule at one end . The long walls each have three sash windows . A detached bell tower , holding five bells , stands next to the church . The church was built in 1930 . The vestibule has seen the addition of a little onion dome sometime after 1990 . The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pierre_Garçon", "text": "Pierre Andre Garçon ( /piˈɛər ɡɑːrˈsoʊn/ ; born August 8 , 1986 ) is an American Football wide receiver who is currently a free agent . He played college football at Norwich University and Mount Union College , and was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft . He also played five seasons with the Washington Redskins and two seasons with the San Francisco 49ers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Congress", "text": "The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States , and consists of two chambers : the House of Representatives and the Senate . The Congress meets in the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C . Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election , though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment . Congress has 535 voting members : 435 representatives and 100 senators . The House of Representatives has six non-voting members representing Puerto Rico , American Samoa , Guam , the Northern Mariana Islands , the U.S. Virgin Islands , and the District of Columbia in addition to its 435 voting members . Although they can not vote in the full house , these members can address the house , sit and vote in congressional committees , and introduce legislation . The members of the House of Representatives serve two-year terms representing the people of a single constituency , known as a district . Congressional districts are apportioned to states by population using the United States Census results , provided that each state has at least one congressional representative . Each state , regardless of population or size , has two senators . Currently , there are 100 senators representing the 50 states . Each senator is elected at-large in their state for a six-year term , with terms staggered , so every two years approximately one-third of the Senate is up for election . To be eligible for election , a candidate must be aged at least 25 ( House ) or 30 ( Senate ) , have been a citizen of the United States for seven ( House ) or nine ( Senate ) years , and be an inhabitant of the state which they represent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ER_(TV_series)", "text": "ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist and medical doctor Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19 , 1994 , to April 2 , 2009 , with a total of 331 episodes spanning 15 seasons . It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Television , in association with Warner Bros. Television . ER follows the inner life of the emergency room ( ER ) of fictional County General Hospital in Chicago , Illinois , and various critical issues faced by the room 's physicians and staff . The show is the second longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history behind Grey 's Anatomy , and the 5th longest medical drama across the globe ( behind BBC 's Casualty and Holby City , and Poland 's Na dobre i na złe ) . It won 23 Primetime Emmy Awards , including the 1996 Outstanding Drama Series award , and received 124 Emmy nominations . ER won 116 awards in total , including the Peabody Award , while the cast earned four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Ensemble Performance in a Drama Series . As of 2014 , ER has grossed over $ 3 billion in television revenue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirby_Super_Star", "text": "Kirby Super Star , [ a ] released as Kirby 's Fun Pak in PAL regions , is a 1996 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , part of the Kirby series of platforming video games by HAL Laboratory . The game was advertised as featuring eight games : seven short subsections with the same basic gameplay , and two minigames . The game was later released for the Wii and Wii U Virtual Consoles . An enhanced remake titled Kirby Super Star Ultra was released for the Nintendo DS in 2008 . Nintendo re-released Kirby Super Star in Japan , the United States and Europe in September 2017 as part of the company 's Super NES Classic Edition . The game was released on the Nintendo Switch Online service on December 12 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Land_Rover", "text": "Land Rover is a British brand of four-wheel drive cars , that exclusively offers premium and luxury sport utility vehicles . Owned by multinational car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR ) , which has been owned by India 's Tata Motors since 2008 , JLR currently build Land Rovers in Brazil , China , India , Slovakia , and the United Kingdom . The Land Rover name was originally used by the Rover Company for a boxy four-wheel drive , off-road model , launched in 1948 - now known as the Land Rover Series , it is today regarded as a British icon . It was granted a Royal Warrant by King George VI in 1951 , and fifty years later , in 2001 , it received a Queen 's Award for Enterprise for outstanding contribution to international trade . Over time , Land Rover grew into its own brand ( and for a while also a company ) , encompassing a consistently growing range of four-wheel drive , off-road capable models . Starting with the much more upmarket 1970 Range Rover , and subsequent introductions of the mid-range Discovery and entry-level Freelander line ( in 1989 and 1997 ) , as well as the 1990 Land Rover Defender refresh , the marque today includes two models of Discovery , four distinct models of Range Rover , and after a three-year hiatus , a second genaration of Defenders have gone into production for the 2020 model year - in short or long wheelbase , as before ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aragon", "text": "Aragon ( /ˈærəɡɒn/ or /ˈærəɡən/ , Spanish and Aragonese : Aragón [ aɾaˈɣon ] , Catalan : Aragó [ əɾəˈɣo ] ) is an autonomous community in Spain , coextensive with the medieval Kingdom of Aragon . Located in northeastern Spain , the Aragonese autonomous community comprises three provinces ( from north to south ) : Huesca , Zaragoza , and Teruel . Its capital is Zaragoza ( also called Saragossa in English ) . The current Statute of Autonomy declares Aragon a historic nationality of Spain . Covering an area of 47720 km2 ( 18420 sq mi ) , the region 's terrain ranges diversely from permanent glaciers to verdant valleys , rich pasture lands and orchards , through to the arid steppe plains of the central lowlands . Aragon is home to many rivers - most notably , the river Ebro , Spain 's largest river in volume , which runs west-east across the entire region through the province of Zaragoza . It is also home to the highest mountains of the Pyrenees . As of January 2016 [ update ] , the population of Aragon was 1308563 , with over half of it living in its capital city , Zaragoza . During the same year , the economy of Aragon generated a GDP of €34687 million , which represents 3.1% of Spain 's national GDP , and is currently 6th in per capita production behind Madrid , Basque Country , Navarre , Catalonia and La Rioja . In addition to its three provinces , Aragon is subdivided into 33 comarcas or counties . All comarcas of Aragon have a rich geopolitical and cultural history from its pre-Roman , Celtic and Roman days , and four centuries of Islamic period as Marca Superior of Al-Andalus or kingdom ( or taifa ) of Saraqusta , and as lands that once belonged to the Frankish Marca Hispanica , counties that later formed the Kingdom of Aragon and eventually the Crown of Aragon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1._HNL", "text": "The Croatian First Football League ( Croatian : Prva hrvatska nogometna liga , pronounced [ pr̩̂ːʋaː xř̩ʋaːtskaː nôɡomeːtnaː lǐːɡa ] ) , ( also known as Prva HNL or 1 . HNL ) or for sponsorship reasons the Hrvatski Telekom Prva Liga , is the top Croatian professional football league competition , established in 1992 . The winners enter the qualifying stages of the UEFA Champions League . Dinamo Zagreb are the most successful club with 20 titles overall.They are followed by Hajduk Split with six titles . Rijeka and NK Zagreb each have won one title . Since 2003 , the league has been named after its main sponsor , giving it the following names ( Logos see below ) :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Pearl_Days", "text": "Pearl Days is the fifth studio-album by Italian singer Elisa . The album was released on 15 October 2004 and debuted at number two on the Italian album chart . Pearl Days is a rock album that echoes Elisa 's debut album Pipes & Flowers . The album went double platinum in Italy . [ citation needed ] The first single from the album was the promotional single Together , followed by the promotional single The Waves . The latest single was the hit Una poesia anche per te ( Life Goes On ) . This song debuted at number seven in the Italian Singles Chart and arrived soon at the first position , becoming the most-selling Italian single of 2005 by a female artist . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Cuarteto_de_Nos", "text": "El Cuarteto de Nos is an Uruguayan rock group formed in 1984 in Montevideo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Innocent_(1994_film)", "text": "The Innocent is a 1994 American thriller crime drama made-for-television film directed by Mimi Leder and starring Kelsey Grammer , Polly Draper , and Jeff Kober ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowdoin_College", "text": "Bowdoin College ( /ˈboʊdɪn/ ( listen ) BOH-din ) is a private liberal arts college in Brunswick , Maine . At the time Bowdoin was chartered , in 1794 , Maine was still a part of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . The college offers 34 majors and 36 minors , as well as several joint engineering programs with Columbia , Caltech , Dartmouth College , and The University of Maine . The college was a founding member of its athletic conference , the New England Small College Athletic Conference , and the Colby-Bates-Bowdoin Consortium , an athletic conference and inter-library exchange with Bates and Colby College . Bowdoin has over 30 varsity teams and the school mascot was selected as a polar bear in 1913 to honor Robert Peary , a Bowdoin alumnus who led the first successful expedition to the North Pole . Between the years 1821 and 1921 , Bowdoin operated a medical school called the Medical School of Maine . The main Bowdoin campus is located near Casco Bay and the Androscoggin River . In addition to its Brunswick campus , Bowdoin also owns a 118-acre coastal studies center on Orr 's Island and a 200-acre scientific field station on Kent Island in the Bay of Fundy . In 2019 , the college was ranked as the fifth-best liberal arts college in the country by U.S. News & World Report ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company", "text": "The Samuel Goldwyn Company was an American independent film company founded by Samuel Goldwyn Jr. , the son of the famous Hollywood mogul , Samuel Goldwyn , in 1978 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Syracuse_Orange_football", "text": "The Syracuse Orange represent Syracuse University in the sport of American football . The Orange compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . Formed in 1889 , the program has over 700 wins and has achieved 1 consensus Division I Football National Championship , winning the championship game over the Texas Longhorns in the 1960 Cotton Bowl Classic , for the 1959 season . Syracuse has had 2 undefeated seasons , 5 conference championships since 1991 , and has produced a Heisman Trophy winner , over 60 first team All-Americans , 18 Academic All-Americans including Academic All-America Hall of Fame inductee Tim Green , and over 240 NFL players . Syracuse has had 18 members inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame , 2nd-most in the ACC , including former players Ernie Davis , Tim Green , Don McPherson , Art Monk and former coaches Vic Hanson , Ben Schwartzwalder , and Dick MacPherson . The Orange boast 8 inductees in the Pro Football Hall Of Fame , tied for the 4th-most of any school , including Jim Brown , Marvin Harrison , Larry Csonka , and Floyd Little . The Orange have 26 bowl appearances , 10 of which are among the New Year 's Six Bowls . Syracuse has finished in the Final Top 25 rankings 21 times in the national polls , and finished in either the AP or Coaches Polls a combined 35 times since 1952 . Syracuse has appeared in over 200 AP Polls including 7 weeks at AP number one . The Orange play their home games in the Carrier Dome on the university 's campus . The stadium is also known as The Loud House , as when it opened in September 1980 , it was made clear just how loud it was inside ; and so the soon famous nickname was coined ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All-Ireland_Senior_Hurling_Championship", "text": "The GAA Hurling All-Ireland Senior Championship , known simply as the All-Ireland Championship , is an annual inter-county hurling competition organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) . It is the highest inter-county hurling competition in Ireland , and has been contested every year except one since 1887 . The final , currently held on the third Sunday in August , is the culmination of a series of games played during July and August , with the winning team receiving the Liam MacCarthy Cup . The All-Ireland Championship has always been played on a straight knockout basis whereby once a team loses they are eliminated from the championship . The qualification procedures for the championship have changed several times throughout its history . Currently , qualification is limited to teams competing in the Leinster Championship , the Munster Championship and the two finalists in the Joe McDonagh Cup . Twelve teams currently participate in the All-Ireland Championship , with the most successful teams coming from the provinces of Leinster and Munster . Kilkenny , Cork and Tipperary are considered the big three of hurling . They have won 94 championships between them . The title has been won by 13 different teams , 10 of whom have won the title more than once . The all-time record-holders are Kilkenny , who have won the championship on 36 occasions . Tipperary are the current champions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_IIHF_Women's_World_Championship_Division_II", "text": "The 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship Division II was an international Ice hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation . Group A was contested in Dumfries , Great Britain running from 30 March to 5 April 2015 Group B in Spain , running from 7 to 13 March 2015 and Group B qualification from 18 to 21 February 2015 in Hong Kong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glamour_(magazine)", "text": "Glamour is an online women 's magazine published by Condé Nast Publications . Founded in 1939 and first published in April 1939 in the United States , it was originally called Glamour of Hollywood ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_regions_of_Senegal", "text": "Senegal is subdivided into 14 regions ( French : régions , singular - région ) , each of which is administered by a Conseil Régional ( pl . : Conseils Régionaux ) elected by population weight at the arrondissement level . Senegal is further subdivided into 45 departments , 103 arrondissements ( neither of which have administrative function ) and by collectivités locales ( the 14 regions , 110 communes , and 320 communautés rurales ) which elect administrative officers . Three of these regions were created on 10 September 2008 , when Kaffrine Region was split from Kaolack , Kédougou region was split from Tambacounda , and Sédhiou region was split from Kolda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emmet,_Arkansas", "text": "Emmet is a city in Nevada and Hempstead counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas . It is located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 67 and Arkansas Highway 299 in the Arkansas Timberlands region of southwest Arkansas . It is part of the larger Ark-La-Tex tri-state region . As of the 2010 census , the population of Emmet was 518 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denver_Broncos", "text": "The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver , Colorado . The Broncos compete as a member club of the National Football League ( NFL ) 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) West division . The team began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League ( AFL ) and joined the NFL as part of the merger in 1970 . The Broncos are owned by the Pat Bowlen trust and currently play home games at Empower Field at Mile High ( formerly known as Invesco Field at Mile High from 2001-2010 , Sports Authority Field at Mile High from 2011-2017 , and Broncos Stadium at Mile High from 2018-2019 ) . Prior to that , they played at Mile High Stadium from 1960 to 2000 . The Broncos were barely competitive during their 10-year run in the AFL and their first seven years in the NFL . They did not have a winning season until 1973 . In 1977 , four years later , they qualified for the playoffs for the first time in franchise history and advanced to Super Bowl XII . Since 1975 , the Broncos have become one of the NFL 's most successful teams , having suffered only seven losing seasons . They have won eight AFC Championships ( 1977 , 1986 , 1987 , 1989 , 1997 , 1998 , 2013 , 2015 ) , and three Super Bowl championships ( 1997 ( XXXII ) , 1998 ( XXXIII ) , 2015 ( 50 ) ) , and share the NFL record for most Super Bowl losses ( 5 - tied with the New England Patriots ) . Thirteen players who have played for Denver are enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame : John Elway , Floyd Little , Shannon Sharpe , Gary Zimmerman , Willie Brown , Tony Dorsett , Jerry Rice , Andre Reed , Terrell Davis , Brian Dawkins , Ty Law , Champ Bailey and Steve Atwater , along with late club owner Pat Bowlen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Miller_(baseball)", "text": "Andrew Mark Miller ( born May 21 , 1985 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He previously played in MLB for the Detroit Tigers , Florida Marlins , Boston Red Sox , Baltimore Orioles , New York Yankees , and Cleveland Indians . Primarily a starting pitcher who struggled early in his major league career , Miller found sustained success as a reliever utilizing multiple-faceted fastball and slider approach that has proven deceptive for batters to hit . A left-handed batter and thrower , Miller stands 6 feet 7 inches ( 2.01 m ) tall and weighs 205 pounds ( 93 kg ) . Instrumental in the Indians ' World Series run in 2016 , Miller earned the American League ( AL ) Championship Series Most Valuable Player ( ALCS MVP ) honors , while setting a number of postseason strikeout records for relievers and covering multiple relief roles and innings . He is also a two-time MLB All-Star selection , and a winner of the AL Reliever of the Year Award . In 2017 , he earned his first major championship in the World Baseball Classic as a member of the United States national team . His collegiate baseball awards include the Baseball America College Player of the Year and Roger Clemens Awards . A native of Gainesville , Florida , Miller attended the University of North Carolina ( UNC ) at Chapel Hill , playing for the UNC Tar Heels . The Detroit Tigers selected him sixth overall in the 2006 amateur draft , and he made his major league debut that same season after three minor league appearances . After commencing his career in MLB with a 5.70 earned run average ( ERA ) over 66 starts with Detroit and Florida , he converted to full-time relief in 2012 with Boston , and has since served in middle relief , setup and closer roles . The Red Sox traded Miller to the Orioles in 2014 , and Miller signed as a free agent with the Yankees after the season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Maryland", "text": "This is a list of United States senators from Maryland , which ratified the United States Constitution April 28 , 1788 , becoming the seventh state to do so . To provide for continuity of government , the framers divided Senators into staggered classes that serve six-year terms , and Maryland 's Senators are in the first and third classes . Before the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1913 , which allowed for direct election of Senators , Maryland 's Senators were chosen by the Maryland General Assembly . Until the assembly appointed George L. Wellington of Cumberland in 1897 , Senators in class 3 were chosen from the Eastern Shore while Senators in class 1 were chosen from the remainder of the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina_Tar_Heels_women's_basketball", "text": "The North Carolina Tar Heels women 's basketball team represent the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the Atlantic Coast Conference of NCAA Division I women 's basketball . They are led by head coach Courtney Banghart , entering her first season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ekati_Diamond_Mine", "text": "The Ekati Diamond Mine ( Ekati ) is Canada 's first surface and underground diamond mine . It is located 310 km ( 190 mi ) north-east of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , and about 200 km ( 120 mi ) south of the Arctic Circle , near Lac de Gras . Until 2014 Ekati was a joint venture between Dominion Diamond Mines ( 80% ) , and the two geologists who discovered kimberlite pipes north of Lac de Gras , Chuck Fipke and Stewart Blusson each holding a 10% stake in the mine , until Fipke sold his share to Dominion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halloween_4:_The_Return_of_Michael_Myers", "text": "Halloween 4 : The Return of Michael Myers ( also known simply as Halloween 4 ) is a 1988 American slasher film directed by Dwight H. Little , written by Alan B. McElroy , and starring Donald Pleasence , Ellie Cornell , and Danielle Harris . The fourth installment in the Halloween franchise , it follows Michael Myers returning to Haddonfield to kill his niece Jamie Lloyd , the daughter of Laurie Strode , with his former psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis again pursuing him . As its title suggests , the film marks the return of Michael Myers after his absence in the previous installment . Initially , John Carpenter and co-producer Debra Hill intended to create an anthology series , of which Halloween III would be the first . Halloween 4 was originally intended to be a ghost story but , due to the disappointing reception of Halloween III , it reintroduced Michael Myers , and he has remained the main antagonist of the series since . Released in the United States on October 21 , 1988 , Halloween 4 grossed $ 17.8 million on a budget of $ 5 million , and received mostly negative reviews from critics . However , the film , much like the series in general , has obtained a strong cult following since its release . A sequel , Halloween 5 : The Revenge of Michael Myers , was released one year later ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hutton,_Somerset", "text": "Hutton is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England . The parish , which has a population of 2,582 , is within the Unitary Authority of North Somerset and located on the western edge of the Mendip Hills , close to Weston-super-Mare . The hamlets of Elborough , Lower Canada and Upper Canada lie within the parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erin_Springs,_Oklahoma", "text": "Erin Springs is a town in Garvin County , Oklahoma , United States . The population was 87 at the 2010 census , a decline of 23.7 percent from 114 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Huancayo", "text": "Huancayo ( Spanish pronunciation : [ waŋˈkaʝo ] ; in Wanka Quechua : Wankayuq [ wɐŋˈkæjuː ] , ' ( place ) with a ( sacred ) rock ' ) is the capital of Junín Region , in the central highlands of Peru ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lo_Kuo-chong", "text": "Lo Kuo-chong ( Chinese : 羅國璋 ; pinyin : Luó Guózhāng ; born 16 September 1965 in Hsinchu , Taiwan , also spelled Lo Kuo-chang ) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and currently a baseball coach . He had been well known for his excellent fielding ability , which was demonstrated by setting CPBL 's record of did not error in a streak of continuous 153 fielding chances during his rookie 1994 season , and was a frequent member of the Chinese Taipei national baseball team from mid-1980s to early 1990s , participating the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics where he won a silver medal in 1992 . After the 1992 Olympics Lo joined then amateur Sampo Giants in anticipation to join CPBL the next year . However his hope temporarily vanished when CPBL rejected Sampo Giants 's application late in 1992 . Lo later sought to join Uni-President Lions before the 1994 CPBL season , and stayed with the team to date , originally as player ( 1994~2002 ) and later as fielding coach ( since 2003 to date ) . He was also briefly promoted as the team 's acting manager in mid-2007 for two months ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melissa_McCarthy", "text": "Melissa Ann McCarthy ( born August 26 , 1970 ) is an American actress , comedian , writer , producer , and fashion designer . She is the recipient of numerous accolades , including two Primetime Emmy Awards and nominations for two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards . McCarthy was named by Time as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016 , and she has been featured multiple times in annual rankings of the highest-paid actresses in the world . McCarthy began appearing in television and film in the late 1990s , and first gained recognition for her role as Sookie St. James on the television series Gilmore Girls ( 2000-2007 ) . She played Dena on the ABC sitcom Samantha Who ? ( 2007-2009 ) before starring as Molly Flynn on the CBS sitcom Mike & Molly ( 2010-2016 ) , for which she received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 2011 . McCarthy 's appearances as a host on Saturday Night Live led to a win for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2017 . McCarthy gained critical acclaim for her performance in the comedy film Bridesmaids ( 2011 ) , receiving a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . She went on to star in several commercially successful comedies , including Identity Thief ( 2013 ) , The Heat ( 2013 ) , Tammy ( 2014 ) , St. Vincent ( 2014 ) , Spy ( 2015 ) , and The Boss ( 2016 ) . She also expanded into dramatic roles by portraying Lee Israel in the biographical drama film Can You Ever Forgive Me ? ( 2018 ) , for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress . McCarthy and her husband Ben Falcone are the founders of the production company On the Day Productions , under which they have collaborated on several comedy films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brittany_Perrineau", "text": "Harold Perrineau ( formerly Harold Williams ; born August 7 , 1963 ) is an American actor . He is best known for the roles of Michael Dawson in the U.S. television series Lost , Link in The Matrix films and games , Augustus Hill in the American television series Oz , Damon Pope in the FX bike gang drama Sons of Anarchy , and Mercutio in Baz Luhrmann 's Romeo + Juliet . He starred in ABC 's comedy-drama television series The Unusuals , playing NYPD homicide detective Leo Banks and has appeared in several high-profile films , including The Best Man , 28 Weeks Later , 30 Days of Night : Dark Days , and Zero Dark Thirty . He also starred with Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin in the survival drama The Edge . Perrineau currently costars as Dean Simms in the TNT series Claws ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Arquette", "text": "David Arquette ( born September 8 , 1971 ) is an American actor , professional wrestler , film director , producer , screenwriter and fashion designer . A member of the Arquette acting family , he first became known during the mid-1990s after starring in several Hollywood films , such as the Scream series , Wild Bill , Never Been Kissed , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , See Spot Run and Eight Legged Freaks . He has since had several television roles , such as Jason Ventress on ABC 's In Case of Emergency . As a professional wrestler , he is remembered for his infamous stint in World Championship Wrestling where he was a one time WCW World Heavyweight Champion but has received praise in recent times , for his work on the independent circuit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Waitress_(film)", "text": "Waitress is a 2007 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Adrienne Shelly , whose supporting role serves as her final film appearance before her death . It stars Keri Russell as a young woman trapped in a small town , an abusive marriage , and a dead-end job , who faces an unwanted pregnancy . The film debuted at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and went into limited theatrical release in the US on May 2 , 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unarius_Academy_of_Science", "text": "Unarius is a non-profit organization founded in 1954 in Los Angeles , California and headquartered in El Cajon , California . The organization purports to advance a new interdimensional science of life based upon fourth-dimensional physics principles . It is recorded that in 2003-4 Unarius centers existed in Canada , New Zealand , Nigeria , the United Kingdom , and in various locations in the United States . Membership figures are unknown . Unarius is an acronym for Universal Articulate Interdimensional Understanding of Science . The founder , and subsequent channels and sub-channels , have written books filled with channeled dissertations from alleged advanced intelligent beings that exist on higher frequency planes . Over 100 volumes have been published since 1954 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Ballarat_U18", "text": "The Greater Western Victoria Rebels is an Australian rules football club which plays in the NAB League , the statewide under-18s competition in Victoria , Australia . Initially known as the Ballarat Rebels and wearing green and gold , the team was established in 1993 as one of four regional under-18s clubs , set up as part of a plan by the AFL Commission to have clubs set in all regions of the state of Victoria . The club became affiliated with the new VFL 's North Ballarat Football Club in 1996 , and changed its name to North Ballarat Rebels and its colours to black and white to reflect this . In January 2017 , the club again changed its name to Greater Western Victoria Rebels to reflect their expanded recruitment zone . This was to help aid in player development and the process of the AFL draft , which allows U18 players the opportunity to be selected by AFL clubs . Greater Western Victoria has produced many notable AFL players including Adam Goodes , Drew Petrie , Troy Chaplin , Jed Adcock , Tim Notting , Shannon Watt , James Walker and Shane O'Bree ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_de_Janeiro", "text": "Rio de Janeiro ( /ˈriːoʊ di ʒəˈnɛəroʊ , - deɪ - , - də -/ ; Portuguese : [ ˈhi.u d ( ʒi ) ʒɐˈne ( j ) ɾu ] ( listen ) ; River of January ) , or simply Rio , is anchor to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area and the second-most populous municipality in Brazil and the sixth-most populous in the Americas . Rio de Janeiro is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil 's third-most populous state . Part of the city has been designated as a World Heritage Site , named Rio de Janeiro : Carioca Landscapes between the Mountain and the Sea , by UNESCO on 1 July 2012 as a Cultural Landscape . Founded in 1565 by the Portuguese , the city was initially the seat of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro , a domain of the Portuguese Empire . Later , in 1763 , it became the capital of the State of Brazil , a state of the Portuguese Empire . In 1808 , when the Portuguese Royal Court transferred itself from Portugal to Brazil , Rio de Janeiro became the chosen seat of the court of Queen Maria I of Portugal , who subsequently , in 1815 , under the leadership of her son , the Prince Regent , and future King João VI of Portugal , raised Brazil to the dignity of a kingdom , within the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil , and Algarves . Rio stayed the capital of the pluricontinental Lusitanian monarchy until 1822 , when the War of Brazilian Independence began . This is one of the few instances in history that the capital of a colonising country officially shifted to a city in one of its colonies . Rio de Janeiro subsequently served as the capital of the independent monarchy , the Empire of Brazil , until 1889 , and then the capital of a republican Brazil until 1960 when the capital was transferred to Brasília . Rio de Janeiro has the second largest municipal GDP in the country , and 30th largest in the world in 2008 , estimated at about R $ 343 billion ( nearly US $ 201 billion ) . It is headquarters to Brazilian oil , mining , and telecommunications companies , including two of the country 's major corporations - Petrobras and Vale - and Latin America 's largest telemedia conglomerate , Grupo Globo . The home of many universities and institutes , it is the second-largest center of research and development in Brazil , accounting for 17% of national scientific output according to 2005 data ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heart_of_Neolithic_Orkney", "text": "Heart of Neolithic Orkney refers to a group of Neolithic monuments found on the Mainland of the Orkney Islands , Scotland . The name was adopted by UNESCO when it proclaimed these sites as a World Heritage Site in 1999 . The site of patrimony currently consists of four sites :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Torrevieja", "text": "Torrevieja is a seaside city and municipality located on the Costa Blanca in the province of Alicante , on the southeastern Mediterranean coast of Spain . Torrevieja lies about 50 kilometres south of the city of Alicante and had a population of 90,097 at the 2011 Census ; the latest official estimate ( for 2019 ) is 83,337 . Torrevieja was originally a salt-mining and fishing village as it is located between the sea and two large salt lakes ( Las Salinas ) , which give Torrevieja healthy microclimate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Megan_Fox", "text": "Megan Denise Fox ( born May 16 , 1986 ) is an American actress and model . She began her acting career in 2001 , with several minor television and film roles , and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom . In 2004 , she made her film debut with a role in the teen comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen . In 2007 , she co-starred as Mikaela Banes , the love interest of Shia LaBeouf 's character , in the blockbuster action film Transformers , which became her breakout role . Fox reprised her role in the 2009 sequel , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . Later in 2009 , she starred in the black comedy horror film Jennifer 's Body . In 2014 , Fox starred as April O'Neil in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and reprised the role in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows ( 2016 ) . Fox is considered a sex symbol and has appeared in magazines such as Maxim , Rolling Stone , and FHM ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jagwar_Ma", "text": "Jagwar Ma is an Australian psychedelic dance band formed in Sydney in 2011 . It consists of Gabriel Winterfield ( lead vocalist , guitarist ) , Jono Ma ( guitar , beats , synths , production ) , and bass guitarist Jack Freeman , who joined 2012 . The band name is derived from a satirical compound of the word jaguar and Jono 's surname . In 2013 Jagwar Ma signed with record labels Mom+Pop ( US ) Marathon Artists ( EU ) and Future Classic ( Australia ) and released its debut album Howlin ' . It released its second album Every Now and Then on 14 October 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ezra_Stiles_College", "text": "Ezra Stiles College is a residential college at Yale University , built in 1961 by Eero Saarinen . It is often simply called Stiles , despite an early-1990s crusade by then-master Traugott Lawler to preserve the use of the full name in everyday speech . [ citation needed ] It was named for Ezra Stiles , seventh president of Yale . Architecturally , it is known for its lack of right angles between walls in the living areas . It sits next to Morse College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oxford_Union", "text": "The Oxford Union Society , commonly referred to simply as the Oxford Union , is a debating society in the city of Oxford , England , whose membership is drawn primarily from the University of Oxford . Founded in 1823 , it is one of Britain 's oldest university unions and one of the world 's most prestigious private students ' societies . The Oxford Union exists independently from the university and is separate from the Oxford University Student Union . The Oxford Union has a tradition of hosting some of the world 's most prominent individuals across politics , academia and popular culture , including US Presidents Ronald Reagan , Jimmy Carter , Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton , British Prime Ministers Winston Churchill , Margaret Thatcher , David Cameron and Theresa May , Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan , activists Malcolm X , Dalai Lama and Mother Teresa , actor Morgan Freeman , musicians Sir Elton John and Michael Jackson and sportspeople Diego Maradona and Manny Pacquiao ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Veltins-Arena", "text": "Arena AufSchalke [ aˌʁeːna ʔaʊfˈʃalkə ] ( currently known as Veltins-Arena ( German pronunciation : [ ˈfɛltɪnsʔaˌʁeːna ] ) for sponsorship reasons ) is a football stadium in Gelsenkirchen , North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany . It opened on 13 August 2001 , as the new home ground for Bundesliga club FC Schalke 04 . It hosted the 2004 UEFA Champions League Final and five matches at the 2006 FIFA World Cup , including a quarter-final . It has a capacity of 62,271 ( standing and seated ) for league matches and 54,740 ( seated only ) for international matches . The stadium has a retractable roof and a retractable pitch . The naming rights to the stadium were sold on 1 July 2005 to German brewery Veltins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/.30_Carbine", "text": "The .30 Carbine ( 7.62×33mm ) is a rimless carbine cartridge used in the M1 carbine introduced in the 1940s . It is a light rifle round designed to be fired from the M1 carbine 's 18-inch ( 458 mm ) barrel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego,_California", "text": "San Diego ( /ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/ , Spanish : [ san ˈdjeɣo ] ; Spanish for Saint Didacus ) is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean , approximately 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico . With an estimated population of 1,425,976 as of July 1 , 2018 , San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California . It is part of the San Diego-Tijuana conurbation , the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the U.S. and a bordering country after Detroit-Windsor , with a population of 4,922,723 people . The city is known for its mild year-round climate , natural deep-water harbor , extensive beaches , long association with the United States Navy , and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center . San Diego has been called the birthplace of California . Historically home to the Kumeyaay people , it was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States . Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542 , Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain , forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later . The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá , founded in 1769 , formed the first European settlement in what is now California . In 1821 , San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire , which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later . California became part of the United States in 1848 following the Mexican-American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850 . The city is the seat of San Diego County and is the economic center of the region as well as the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area . San Diego 's main economic engines are military and defense-related activities , tourism , international trade , and manufacturing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kumano,_Mie", "text": "Kumano ( 熊野市 , Kumano-shi ) is a city located in Mie Prefecture , Japan . As of August 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 17,727 and a population density of 47.4 persons per km2 . The total area was 373.35 square kilometres ( 144.15 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aruvi", "text": "Aruvi ( ) ( ) is a 2017 Indian Tamil sociopolitical drama film written and directed by Arun Prabu Purushothaman , in his debut film . The film portrays the events that occur in the life of Aruvi ( Aditi Balan ) , a rebellious young woman who seeks to expose the consumerist and misogynistic nature of modern civilisation , while attempting to find meaning during a period of existential crisis . Aruvi was produced by Dream Warrior Pictures and was released globally on 15 December 2017 . It was praised for the performances of the cast and the film 's direction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hines_Holt", "text": "Hines Holt ( April 27 , 1805 - November 4 , 1865 ) was a lawyer , state legislator , and United States Representative from Georgia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Senate_election_in_Wisconsin,_2012", "text": "The 2012 United States Senate election in Wisconsin took place on November 6 , 2012 , alongside a U.S. presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections . Incumbent Democratic Senator Herb Kohl retired instead of running for re-election to a fifth term . This is the 1st open seat election since 1988 . Primary elections were held on August 14 , 2012 . Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin 's 2nd congressional district ran unopposed in the Democratic primary . The Republican nominee was former Governor of Wisconsin and Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson , who won with a plurality in a four-way race . In the general election , Baldwin defeated Thompson and won the open seat . She became the first woman elected to represent Wisconsin in the Senate and the first openly gay U.S . Senator in history . This is also the only time Thompson lost a statewide race ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andijan_Region", "text": "Andijan Region ( Uzbek : Andijon viloyati/Андижон вилояти , ئەندىجان ۋىلايەتى ) is a region of Uzbekistan , located in the eastern part of the Fergana Valley in far eastern Uzbekistan . It borders with Kyrgyzstan , Fergana Region and Namangan Region . It covers an area of 4,200 km2 . The population is estimated to be around 3,011,700 thus making Andijan Region the most densely populated region of Uzbekistan . The name Andijan has originated from the Persian word of اندکان Andakan . The traditional etymology connects the name with the Turk , ethnonym Gandhi ( Gandhi Turks ) , known from pre-Islamic period . Andijan Region is divided into 14 administrative districts . The capital is the city of Andijan . The climate is a typically continental climate with extreme differences between winter and summer temperatures . Natural resources include deposits of petroleum , natural gas , ozokerite and limestone . As with other regions of Uzbekistan , it is famous for its very sweet melons and watermelons , but cultivation of crops can be accomplished exclusively on irrigated lands . Main agriculture includes cotton , cereal , viticulture , cattle raising and vegetable gardening ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Douglas", "text": "Michael Kirk Douglas ( born September 25 , 1944 ) is an American actor and producer . He has received numerous accolades , including two Academy Awards , five Golden Globe Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award , the Cecil B. DeMille Award , and the AFI Life Achievement Award . The elder son of Kirk Douglas and Diana Dill , Douglas received his Bachelor of Arts in Drama from the University of California , Santa Barbara . His early acting roles included film , stage , and television productions . Douglas first achieved prominence for his performance in the ABC police procedural television series The Streets of San Francisco , for which he received three consecutive Emmy Award nominations . In 1975 , Douglas produced One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , having acquired the rights to the Ken Kesey novel from his father . The film received critical and popular acclaim , and won the Academy Award for Best Picture , earning Douglas his first Oscar as one of the film 's producers . After leaving The Streets of San Francisco in 1976 , Douglas went on to produce films including The China Syndrome ( 1979 ) and Romancing the Stone ( 1984 ) . He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy for Romancing the Stone , in which he also starred , thus reintroducing himself to audiences as a capable leading man . After reprising his Romancing the Stone role as Jack Colton in the 1985 sequel The Jewel of the Nile , which he also produced , and along with appearing in the musical A Chorus Line ( 1985 ) and the psychological thriller Fatal Attraction ( 1987 ) , Douglas received critical acclaim for his portrayal of Gordon Gekko in Oliver Stone 's Wall Street ( 1987 ) , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor . He reprised the role in the sequel Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps ( 2010 ) . His subsequent film roles included : Black Rain ( 1989 ) ; The War of the Roses ( 1989 ) ; Basic Instinct ( 1992 ) ; Falling Down ( 1993 ) ; The American President ( 1995 ) ; The Game ( 1997 ) ; Traffic and Wonder Boys ( both 2000 ) ; Solitary Man ( 2009 ) ; Ant-Man ( 2015 ) , Ant-Man and the Wasp ( 2018 ) , and Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aarhus_Cathedral", "text": "Aarhus Cathedral ( Danish : Aarhus Domkirke ) is a cathedral in Aarhus , Denmark . It is the longest and tallest church in the country , at 93 m ( 305 ft ) in length and 96 m ( 315 ft ) in height . The construction of Aarhus Cathedral began in the 12th century and it is the main edifice of the diocese of Aarhus for the Church of Denmark , dedicated to the patron saint of sailors , St. Clemens . The cathedral is situated on the port side of the central square of Store Torv ( Large Square ) , with address Domkirkepladsen 2 , 8000 Aarhus C , Denmark in the inner city . The church can seat around 1200 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canoeing_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_slalom_C-2", "text": "The men 's C-2 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 13 and 15 , 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing . The C-2 ( canoe single ) event is raced by two-man canoes through a whitewater course . The finals were rescheduled from the 14th to the 15th due to persistent lightning at the Park . There were three rounds of competitions : the heats , the semifinal , and the final . In the heats , each canoeist completed two runs of the course . The time , in seconds , of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed . Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched , while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty . The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats . The top 12 boats advanced to the semifinals . The semifinals consisted of a single run . The field was narrowed to the top 8 scores from that run ; those 8 boats advanced to the final . The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fullback_(American_football)", "text": "A fullback ( FB ) is a position known as the best position in the game of football , in the offensive backfield in gridiron football , and is one of the two running back positions along with the halfback . Typically , fullbacks are larger than halfback and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running , pass catching , and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back . Many great runners in the history of American football have been fullbacks , including Jim Brown , Marion Motley , Jim Taylor , Franco Harris , Larry Csonka , John Riggins , Christian Okoye , and Levi Jackson . However , many of these runners would retroactively be labeled as halfbacks , due to their position as the primary ball carrier ; they were primarily listed as fullbacks due to their size and did not often perform the run-blocking duties expected of modern fullbacks . Examples of players who have excelled at the hybrid running-blocking-pass catching role include Mike Alstott , Daryl Johnston , and Lorenzo Neal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethiopia", "text": "Ethiopia ( /ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə/ ; Amharic : ኢትዮጵያ , ʾĪtyōṗṗyā , listen ( help·info ) , Tigrinya : ኢትዮጵያ , Oromo : Itiyoophiyaa , Somali : Itoobiya , Afar : Itiyoophiyaa ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a landlocked country in the Horn of Africa . It shares borders with Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia , and the de facto state of Somaliland to the east , Kenya to the south , South Sudan to the west and Sudan to the northwest . With over 109 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world and the second-most populous nation on the African continent with a total area of 1,100,000 square kilometres ( 420,000 sq mi ) . Its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa , which lies a few miles west of the East African Rift that splits the country into the Nubian and Somali tectonic plates . Some of the oldest skeletal evidence for anatomically modern humans has been found in Ethiopia . It is widely considered as the region from which modern humans first set out for the Middle East and places beyond . According to linguists , the first Afroasiatic-speaking populations settled in the Horn region during the ensuing Neolithic era . Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BCE , Ethiopia 's governmental system was a monarchy for most of its history . Oral literature tells that the monarchy was founded by the Solomonic dynasty of the Queen of Sheba , under its first king , Menelik I . In the first centuries , the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region , followed by the Ethiopian Empire circa 1137 . During the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa , Ethiopia and Liberia were two nations that preserved their sovereignty from long-term colonisation by a European colonial power and many newly-independent nations on the continent subsequently adopted its flag colours . However , the country was later occupied by Italy in 1936 and became Italian Ethiopia ( part of Italian East Africa ) until it was liberated during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sylvia_Hatchell", "text": "Sylvia Rhyne Hatchell ( born February 28 , 1952 ) is a former American women 's basketball coach , who last coached for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and was the fifth with the most career wins in NCAA women 's basketball history , behind former Tennessee coach Pat Summitt , Stanford coach Tara VanDerveer , and UConn coach Geno Auriemma . She competed with USA Basketball as the head coach of the 1994 Jones Cup Team that won the gold in Taipei . Hatchell was inducted into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2004 . On April 2 , 2019 , Hatchell and three assistants were placed on administrative leave following accusations of racially insensitive remarks and forcing players to play while injured . She resigned as North Carolina 's head coach on April 18 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peru", "text": "Peru ( /pəˈruː/ ( listen ) ; Spanish : Perú [ peˈɾu ] ; Quechua : Piruw Republika [ pʰɪɾʊw ] ; Aymara : Piruw Suyu [ pɪɾʊw ] ) , officially the Republic of Peru ( Spanish : República del Perú ( help·info ) ) , is a country in western South America . It is bordered in the north by Ecuador and Colombia , in the east by Brazil , in the southeast by Bolivia , in the south by Chile , and in the west by the Pacific Ocean . Peru is a megadiverse country with habitats ranging from the arid plains of the Pacific coastal region in the west to the peaks of the Andes mountains vertically extending from the north to the southeast of the country to the tropical Amazon Basin rainforest in the east with the Amazon river . At 1.28 million km2 ( 0.5 million mi2 ) , Peru is the 19th largest country in the world , and the third largest in South America . Peruvian territory was home to several ancient cultures . Ranging from the Norte Chico civilization starting in 3500 BC , the oldest civilization in the Americas and one of the five cradles of civilization , to the Inca Empire , the largest state in pre-Columbian America , the territory now including Peru has one of the longest histories of civilization of any country , tracing its heritage back to the 4th millennia BCE . The Spanish Empire conquered the region in the 16th century and established a viceroyalty that encompassed most of its South American colonies , with its capital in Lima . Peru formally proclaimed independence in 1821 , and following the military campaigns of José de San Martín and Simón Bolívar , and the decisive battle of Ayacucho , Peru completed its independence in 1824 . In the ensuing years , the country enjoyed relative economic and political stability , which ended shortly before the War of the Pacific with Chile . Throughout the 20th century , Peru endured armed territorial disputes , coups , social unrest , and internal conflicts , as well as periods of stability and economic upswing . Alberto Fujimori was elected to the presidency in 1990 ; his government was credited with economically stabilizing Peru and successfully ending the Shining Path insurgency , though he was widely accused of human rights violations and suppression of political dissent . Fujimori left the presidency in 2000 and was charged with human rights violations and imprisoned until his pardon by President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oran_Es_Sénia_Airport", "text": "Ahmed Ben Bella Airport ( Arabic : مطار أحمد بن بلة ) , formally Es-Sénia Airport ( IATA : ORN , ICAO : DAOO ) is an airport located 4.7 nm ( 8.7 km ) south of Oran ( near Es Sénia ) , in Algeria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottoman_Turkish_language", "text": "Ottoman Turkish ( /ˈɒtəmən/ ; Turkish : Osmanlı Türkçesi ) or the Ottoman language ( Ottoman Turkish : لسان عثمانى , lisân-ı Osmânî , also known as تركجه , Türkçe or تركی , Türkî , Turkish ; Turkish : Osmanlıca ) , is the variety of the Turkish language used in the Ottoman Empire ( 14th to 20th centuries ) . It borrows extensively , in all aspects , from Arabic and Persian and its speakers used the ( Perso-Arabic ) Ottoman Turkish alphabet for written communications . During the peak of Ottoman power ( c. 16th century CE ) , words of foreign origin in Turkish literature in the Ottoman empire heavily outnumbered native Turkish words , with Arabic and Persian vocabulary accounting for up to 88% of the Ottoman vocabulary in some texts . Consequently , Ottoman Turkish was largely unintelligible to the less-educated lower-class and to rural Turks , who continued to use kaba Türkçe ( raw/vulgar Turkish ; compare Vulgar Latin ) , which used far fewer foreign loanwords and is the basis of the modern Turkish language . The Tanzimât era ( 1839-1876 ) saw the application of the term Ottoman when referring to the language ( لسان عثمانی , lisân-ı Osmânî or عثمانليجه , Osmanlıca ) ; Modern Turkish makes the same distinction ( Osmanlıca and Osmanlı Türkçesi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horace_A._Jones", "text": "Horace A. Jimmy Jones ( November 24 , 1906 - September 2 , 2001 ) was an American thoroughbred horse trainer . The son of Hall of Fame horse trainer Ben A. Jones , Jimmy Jones was born in Parnell , Missouri . Raised around horses from infancy , he learned how to train them from his father while working with him at Woolford Farm in Prairie Village , Kansas from 1931 to 1939 , after which his father signed on as the head trainer at Calumet Farm in Lexington , Kentucky . There , Jimmy worked as his father 's assistant but his career was interrupted when he joined the United States military during World War II . After the war ended he returned to training horses , and in 1948 took over as head trainer from his father , who was appointed Calumet Farm 's general manager . In 1948 Jimmy Jones stepped aside as the trainer of record for Citation to allow his father to be officially designated as the trainer for the Kentucky Derby . Ben Jones wanted the opportunity to equal the record of Herbert J. Derby Dick Thompson , who had trained four Derby winners . Citation won the race . Ben Jones later returned to training and won the Derby two more times . Jimmy Jones was named Citation 's trainer for the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes . Citation became the Jones family 's second U.S . Triple Crown winner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kane_and_Abel_(novel)", "text": "Kane and Abel is a 1979 novel by British author Jeffrey Archer . Released in the United Kingdom in 1979 and in the United States in February 1980 , the book was an international success . It reached No . 1 on the New York Times best-seller list . The sequel to Kane and Abel is The Prodigal Daughter , in which Florentyna Kane is the protagonist . Kane & Abel is among the top 100 best-selling books in the world , with a similar number of copies sold as To Kill a Mockingbird and Gone with the Wind . In 2003 , Kane and Abel was listed at number 96 on the BBC 's survey The Big Read ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_California_at_Los_Angeles", "text": "The University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) is a public research university in Los Angeles . It became the Southern Branch of the University of California in 1919 , making it the fourth-oldest ( after UC Berkeley , UC San Francisco , and UC Davis ) of the 10-campus University of California system and oldest of the campuses in Southern California . It offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines . UCLA enrolls about 31,500 undergraduate and 12,800 graduate students and had 119,000 applicants for Fall 2016 , including transfer applicants , making the school the most applied-to of any American university . The university is organized into six undergraduate colleges , seven professional schools , and four professional health science schools . The undergraduate colleges are the College of Letters and Science ; Samueli School of Engineering ; School of the Arts and Architecture ; Herb Alpert School of Music ; School of Theater , Film and Television ; and School of Nursing . As of 2017 [ update ] , 24 Nobel laureates , three Fields Medalists , and five Turing Award winners , and two Chief Scientists of the U.S. Air Force have been affiliated with UCLA as faculty , researchers , or alumni . Among the current faculty members , 55 have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences , 28 to the National Academy of Engineering , 39 to the Institute of Medicine , and 124 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences . The university was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1974 . UCLA is considered one of the country 's Public Ivy universities , meaning that it is a public university thought to provide a quality of education comparable with that of the Ivy League . US News & World Report named UCLA the best public university in the United States for 2019 . UCLA student-athletes compete as the Bruins in the Pac-12 Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Blooms_of_Banjeli", "text": "The Blooms of Banjeli is a Togolese short documentary film directed by Carlyn Saltman . The 29-minute film includes footage from 1914 not released until 1986 or 1987 . It documents the town of Banjeli , from its iron smelting technology to local rituals and sexual prohibitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fergana", "text": "Fergana ( Uzbek : Fargʻona/Фарғона , فەرغانە ; Tajik : Фарғона , Farğona/Farƣona ; Persian : فرغانه Farġāna/Farqâna ; Russian : Фергана́ ) , or Ferghana , is the capital of Fergana Region in eastern Uzbekistan . Fergana is about 420 km east of Tashkent , about 75 km west of Andijan , and less than 20 km from the Kyrgyzstan border . While the area has been populated for thousands of years , the modern city was founded in 1876 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dumfries", "text": "Dumfries ( /dʌmˈfriːs/ ( listen ) dum-FREESS ; possibly from Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Phris ) is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland . It is located near the mouth of the River Nith into the Solway Firth . Dumfries is the traditional county town of the historic county of Dumfriesshire . Dumfries is nicknamed Queen of the South . The nickname has also given name to the town 's professional football club . People from Dumfries are known colloquially in Scots language as Doonhamers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Varese_Calcio_S.S.D.", "text": "Varese Calcio , commonly referred to as Varese , is an Italian football club based in Varese , Lombardy . It currently plays in Serie D. It was founded as Varese Football Club [ sic ] on 22 March 1910 . It became Associazione Sportiva Varesina in 1923 , Varese Sportiva in 1926 , reverted to Varese F.C . from 1946 to 2004 , and then Associazione Sportiva Varese 1910 ( A.S. Varese 1910 ) from 2004 to 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1998–99_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 1998-99 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season concluded in the 64-team 1999 NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament whose finals were held at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg , Florida . The Connecticut Huskies earned their first national championship by defeating the Duke Blue Devils 77-74 on March 29 , 1999 . They were coached by Jim Calhoun and the NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player was Richard Hamilton . In the 32-team 1999 National Invitation Tournament , the California Golden Bears defeated the Clemson Tigers at the Madison Square Garden in New York City . Following the season , the 1999 NCAA Men 's Basketball All-American Consensus First team included Elton Brand , Mateen Cleaves , Richard Hamilton , Andre Miller and Jason Terry . The consensus second team was composed of Evan Eschmeyer , Steve Francis , Trajan Langdon , Chris Porter and Wally Szczerbiak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chongming_Island", "text": "Chongming , formerly known as Chungming , is an alluvial island at the mouth of the Yangtze River in eastern China covering 1,267 square kilometers ( 489 sq mi ) as of 2010 . Together with the islands Changxing and Hengsha , it forms Chongming County , the northernmost area of the provincial-level municipality of Shanghai . At the time of the 2010 Chinese census , its population was 660 000 . A 20-kilometer-long ( 12 mi ) stretch of the north shore of the island is not part of Chongming County or Shanghai but are instead two pene-exclaves of Jiangsu , formed by the connection of Chongming to the formerly-separate island of Yonglongsha ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russian_language", "text": "Russian ( русский язык , tr . rússky yazýk ) is an East Slavic language , which is an official language in Russia , Belarus , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan , as well as being widely used throughout Eastern Europe , the Baltic states , the Caucasus and Central Asia . It was the de facto language of the Soviet Union until its dissolution on 25 December 1991 . Although nearly three decades have passed since the breakup of the Soviet Union , Russian is used in official capacity or in public life in all the post-Soviet nation-states , as well as in Israel and Mongolia . Russian belongs to the family of Indo-European languages , one of the four living members of the East Slavic languages , and part of the larger Balto-Slavic branch . Written examples of Old East Slavonic are attested from the 10th century onward . Russian is the largest native language in Europe and the most geographically widespread language in Eurasia . It is the most widely spoken of the Slavic languages , with 144 million speakers in Russia , Ukraine and Belarus . Russian is the eighth most spoken language in the world by number of native speakers and the seventh by total number of speakers . The language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations . Russian is also the second most widespread language on the Internet , after English . Russian distinguishes between consonant phonemes with palatal secondary articulation and those without , the so-called soft and hard sounds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Insektors", "text": "Insektors ( stylized as InseKtorS ) was a 1994 animated TV series , and was one of the earliest computer animated series , predating ReBoot . Made in a small studio , Fantome in France , it was the 1994 recipient of a Children and Young People Emmy Award , and was directed by Georges LaCroix and Renato LaCroix , and written by Eric Rondeaux , Véronique Herbaut and Marc Perrier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jenson_Button", "text": "Jenson Alexander Lyons Button MBE ( born 19 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver and former Formula One driver . He won the 2009 Formula One World Championship , driving for Brawn GP . He currently competes in the Japanese Super GT Series driving a Honda NSX-GT for Team Kunimitsu , in which he won the title in 2018 . Button began karting at the age of eight and achieved early success , before progressing to car racing in the British Formula Ford Championship and the British Formula 3 Championship . He first drove in Formula One with Williams for the 2000 season . The following year he switched to Benetton , which in 2002 became Renault , and then for the 2003 season he moved to BAR . In 2004 he finished 3rd in the World Drivers ' Championship , with only the two Ferraris ahead of him . BAR was subsequently renamed Honda for the 2006 season , during which Button won his first Grand Prix in Hungary , after 113 races . Following the withdrawal of Honda from the sport in December 2008 , he was left without a drive for the 2009 season , until Ross Brawn led a management buyout of the team in February 2009 , and Button suddenly found himself in a highly competitive , Mercedes-engined car . He went on to win a record-tying six of the first seven races of the 2009 season , securing the World Drivers ' Championship at the Brazilian Grand Prix , having led on points all season ; his success also helped Brawn GP to secure the World Constructors ' Championship . For 2010 , he moved to McLaren , partnering fellow British racer and former World Champion Lewis Hamilton . After finishing fifth for the team in 2010 , Button finished the 2011 season as runner-up ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bangladesh", "text": "Bangladesh ( Bengali : বাংলাদেশ ) pronounced /ˌbɑːŋlɑːˈdɛʃ/ ( bung-lah-desh ) or [ ˈbaŋladeʃ ] ( listen ) ; literally meaning The country of Bengal ; and officially called the People 's Republic of Bangladesh ( গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ Gônoprojatontri Bangladesh ) , is a country in South Asia . It is the world 's 8th-most populous country with nearly 163 million people , and is the 92nd-largest country in land area , spanning 147,570 square kilometres ( 56,980 sq mi ) , making it one of the most densely-populated countries in the world . Bangladesh shares land borders with India to the west , north , and east , Myanmar to the southeast , and the Bay of Bengal to the south . It is narrowly separated from Nepal and Bhutan by India 's Siliguri Corridor in the north and from China by the Indian state of Sikkim in the northeast . Dhaka , the capital and largest city , is the nation 's economic , political and cultural hub . Chittagong , the largest sea port , is the second largest city . The dominant geographic feature is the Ganges delta , which empties into the Bay of Bengal the combined waters of several river systems , including the Brahmaputra and the Ganges , with numerous criss-crossing rivers and inland waterways . Highlands with evergreen forests cover the northeastern and southeastern regions . The seacoast features the longest natural sea beach and most of the world 's largest mangrove forest . The country 's biodiversity includes a vast array of plants and wildlife , including the endangered Bengal tiger , the national animal . Bangladesh forms the largest and eastern part of the Bengal region . According to the ancient Indian epics , Ramayana and Mahabharata , the Vanga Kingdom , one of the namesakes of the Bengal region , was a strong naval ally of the legendary Ayodhya ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_H._Blair", "text": "William H. Blair ( July 16 , 1821 - December 7 , 1888 ) was a Union Army captain and company commander in the 51st Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment , and a colonel and commander of the 179th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War . After his service he was appointed to the grade of Brevet brigadier general in recognition of his service at the Battle of Antietam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Josh_Todd_(footballer)", "text": "Josh Todd ( born 11 June 1994 ) is an English footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Dundee , having previously played for Carlisle United , Workington , Annan Athletic , Dumbarton , St Mirren and Queen of the South ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richemont", "text": "Compagnie Financière Richemont SA , also known as Richemont , is a Switzerland-based luxury goods holding company founded in 1988 by South African businessman Johann Rupert . Through its various subsidiaries , Richemont produces and sells jewellery , watches , leather goods , pens , firearms , clothing and accessories . Richemont is publicly traded as CFR on the SIX Swiss Exchange and the JSE Securities Exchange . The brands it owns include A. Lange & Söhne , Azzedine Alaïa , Baume & Mercier , Buccellati , Cartier , Chloé , Dunhill , IWC Schaffhausen , Giampiero Bodino , Jaeger-LeCoultre , Lancel , Montblanc , Officine Panerai , Piaget , Peter Millar , Purdey , Roger Dubuis , Vacheron Constantin , and Van Cleef & Arpels . As of November 2012 [ update ] , Compagnie Financière Richemont SA is the sixth largest corporation by market capitalization in the Swiss Market Index . As of 2017 , Richemont is the third-largest luxury goods company in the world after LVMH and Estée Lauder Companies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London", "text": "London is the capital and largest city of England and of the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south-east of England , at the head of its 50-mile ( 80 km ) estuary leading to the North Sea , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . Londinium was founded by the Romans . The City of London , London 's ancient core − an area of just 1.12 square miles ( 2.9 km2 ) and colloquially known as the Square Mile − retains boundaries that closely follow its medieval limits . [ note 1 ] The City of Westminster is also an Inner London borough holding city status . Greater London is governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly . [ note 2 ] London is considered to be one of the world 's most important global cities and has been termed the world 's most powerful , most desirable , most influential , most visited , most expensive , innovative , sustainable , most investment friendly , and most popular for work city . London exerts a considerable impact upon the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism and transportation . London ranks 26th out of 300 major cities for economic performance . It is one of the largest financial centres and has either the fifth or the sixth largest metropolitan area GDP . [ note 3 ] It is the most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the busiest city airport system as measured by passenger traffic . It is the leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vishwakarmas", "text": "The Vishwakarma community , also known as the Vishwabrahmin , are a social group of India , sometimes described as a caste . The community comprises five sub-groups - carpenters , blacksmiths , bronze smiths , goldsmiths and stonemasons - who believe that they are descendants of Vishvakarma , a Hindu deity . They worship various forms of this deity and follow five Vedas - Rigveda , Yajurveda , Samaveda , Atharvaveda , and Pranava Veda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mystaria:_The_Realms_of_Lore", "text": "Mystaria : The Realms of Lore , released as Riglord Saga in Japan , is a tactical role-playing game for the Sega Saturn . In late 1996 it was re-released as Blazing Heroes in North America . Its graphics consist of pre-rendered sprites and polygonal backgrounds . Its sequel , Riglord Saga 2 , was released in Japan only in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Transit", "text": "The Ford Transit is a range of light commercial vehicles produced by Ford since 1965 . Sold primarily as a cargo van , the Transit is also built as a passenger van ( marketed as the Ford Tourneo since 1995 ) , minibus , cutaway van chassis , and as a pickup truck . Over 8,000,000 Transit vans have been sold , making it the third best-selling van of all time and have been produced across four basic platform generations ( debuting in 1965 , 1986 , 2000 , and 2013 respectively ) , with various facelift versions of each . The first product of the merged Ford of Europe , the Transit was marketed through Western Europe and Australia ; by the end of the twentieth century , it was marketed nearly globally with the exception of North America until 2013 when it replaced the Ford E-Series in 2015 . The Transit has been the best-selling light commercial vehicle in Europe for forty years , and in some countries the term Transit has passed into common usage as a generic trademark applying to any light commercial van in the Transit 's size bracket . While initially designed for the European market , the Ford Transit is now produced in Asia , North America , and Europe for worldwide buyers . Upon production in North America , the Transit won second place in Motor Trend 's 2015 'Truck of the Year ' award , behind the newly introduced mid-size Chevrolet Colorado pickup and ahead of the new Ford F-150 . As of 2016 , the Transit is the best-selling van of any type in the United States , minivan sales included . The Transit drives Ford 's 57 percent share of the full-size van market in the USA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Long_snapper", "text": "In gridiron football , the long snapper ( or deep snapper ) is a special teams specialist whose duty is to snap the football over a longer distance , typically around 15 yards during punts , and 7-8 yards during field goals and extra point attempts . During field goal and point after touchdown attempts , the snap is received by the holder , typically 7-8 yards away . During punts , the snap is delivered to the punter from 13-15 yards away . Following a punt snap , the snapper often executes a blocking assignment and then must cover the kick by running downfield and attempting to stop the opposing team 's punt returner from advancing the ball in the opposite direction . If the punt goes uncaught , it is the snapper 's responsibility to make sure the ball does not enter the end zone or bounce backward resulting in loss of yards . The majority of snappers at the highest levels of competition are specialized , meaning that they uniquely play the position of snapper , or have limited responsibilities elsewhere . A good punt snap should hit the target -- the punter 's hands at the abdomen or waistline -- between .65 and .75 seconds and with a tight spiral for easy handling . A bad snap is an off-target snap which causes the delay or failure of a kick or forces the punter into some other potentially compromising situation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Carter", "text": "James Earl Carter Jr. ( born October 1 , 1924 ) is an American politician , philanthropist , and former farmer who served as the 39th president of the United States from 1977 to 1981 . A member of the Democratic Party , he previously served as a Georgia State Senator from 1963 to 1967 and as the 76th governor of Georgia from 1971 to 1975 . Since leaving the presidency , Carter has remained active in the private sector ; in 2002 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in co-founding the Carter Center . Raised in Plains , Georgia , Carter graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1946 with a Bachelor of Science degree and joined the United States Navy , where he served on submarines . After the death of his father in 1953 , Carter left his naval career and returned home to Georgia to take up the reins of his family 's peanut-growing business . Carter inherited comparatively little due to his father 's forgiveness of debts and the division of the estate among the children . Nevertheless , his ambition to expand and grow the Carters ' peanut business was fulfilled . During this period , Carter was motivated to oppose the political climate of racial segregation and support the growing civil rights movement . He became an activist within the Democratic Party . From 1963 to 1967 , Carter served in the Georgia State Senate , and in 1970 , he was elected as Governor of Georgia , defeating former Governor Carl Sanders in the Democratic primary on an anti-segregation platform advocating affirmative action for ethnic minorities . Carter remained as governor until 1975 . Despite being a dark-horse candidate who was little known outside of Georgia at the start of the campaign , Carter won the 1976 Democratic presidential nomination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Romelio_Martínez", "text": "The Estadio Romelio Martínez , or Romelio Martínez Stadium , is a sports stadium located at 72 street and 46 Avenue in the Colombian city of Barranquilla . It has a capacity of 20,000 spectators . Until the construction of the Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez in 1986 , the Romelio Martínez had been the city 's primary stadium . It is currently the home of the Barranquilla F.C . soccer team , which plays in the Colombian second division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Bengal", "text": "West Bengal ( /bɛnˈɡɔːl/ ; Bengali : Paschim Banga ) is a state in the eastern region of India along the Bay of Bengal . With over 91 million inhabitants ( as of 2011 ) , it is India 's fourth-most populous state . West Bengal is the thirteenth-largest Indian state , with an area of 88,752 km2 ( 34,267 sq mi ) . Part of the ethno-linguistic Bengal region of the Indian subcontinent , it borders Bangladesh in the east , and Nepal and Bhutan in the north . It also borders the Indian states of Odisha , Jharkhand , Bihar , Sikkim , and Assam . The state capital is Kolkata ( Calcutta ) the seventh-largest city in India , and center of the third-largest metropolitan area in the country . West Bengal includes the Darjeeling Himalayan hill region , the Ganges delta , the Rarh region , and the coastal Sundarbans . The main ethnic group is the Bengalis , with Bengali Hindus forming the demographic majority . The area 's early history featured a succession of Indian empires , internal squabbling , and a tussle between Hinduism and Buddhism for dominance . Ancient Bengal was the site of several major Janapadas ( kingdoms ) , while the earliest cities date back to the Vedic period . The region was part of several ancient pan−Indian empires , including the Mauryans and Guptas . It was also a bastion of regional kingdoms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Philadelphia_Eagles_season", "text": "The 1963 NFL Draft and the 1963 AFL Draft"}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Desert_Song_(1929_film)", "text": "The Desert Song is a 1929 American Pre-Code operetta film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring John Boles , Carlotta King , Louise Fazenda , and Myrna Loy . It was photographed partly in two-color Technicolor , the first film released by Warner Bros. to be in color . The film included a 10 minute intermission during which music was played . Although some of the songs from the show have been omitted , the film is otherwise virtually a duplicate of the stage production and extremely faithful to it . It was based on the hit musical play with music by Sigmund Romberg and book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein , Otto Harbach , and Frank Mandel . The stage musical opened at the Casino Theatre on Broadway on November 30 , 1926 and ran for a very successful 465 performances . Based on the success of this film , Warner Bros. quickly cast John Boles in an all color musical feature called Song of the West which was completed by June 1929 but had its release delayed until March 1930 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karachi", "text": "Karachi ( Urdu : کراچی ; Sindhi : ڪراچي ; ALA-LC : Karācī , IPA : [ kəˈraːtʃi ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of the Pakistani province of Sindh . It is the most populous city in Pakistan , and fifth-most-populous city proper in the world . Ranked as a beta-global city , the city is Pakistan 's premier industrial and financial centre . It is the cultural , economic , philanthropic , educational , and political hub of the country , and Pakistan 's most cosmopolitan city . Situated on the Arabian Sea , Karachi serves as a transport hub , and is home to Pakistan 's two largest seaports , the Port of Karachi and Port Bin Qasim , as well as Pakistan 's busiest airport , Jinnah International Airport . Though the Karachi region has been inhabited for millennia , the city was founded as the fortified village of Kolachi in 1729 . The settlement drastically increased in importance with the arrival of British East India Company in the mid 19th century , who not only embarked on major works to transform the city into a major seaport , but also connected it with their extensive railway network . By the time of the Partition of British India , the city was the largest in Sindh with an estimated population of 400,000 . Following the independence of Pakistan , the city 's population increased dramatically with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees from India . The city experienced rapid economic growth following independence , attracting migrants from throughout Pakistan and South Asia . Karachi is one of Pakistan 's most secular and socially liberal cities . It is also the most linguistically , ethnically , and religiously diverse city in Pakistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santiago_de_Querétaro", "text": "Santiago de Querétaro ( Spanish pronunciation : [ sanˈtjaɣo ðe keˈɾetaɾo ] ) , known simply as Querétaro City , is the capital and largest city of the state of Querétaro , located in central Mexico . It is part of the macroregion of Bajío . It is located 213 kilometers ( 132 mi ) northwest of Mexico City , 63 kilometers ( 39 mi ) southeast of San Miguel de Allende and 200 kilometers ( 120 mi ) south of San Luis Potosí . The city of Querétaro is divided into seven boroughs : Josefa Vergara y Hernández , Felipe Carrillo Puerto , Centro Histórico , Cayetano Rubio , Santa Rosa Jáuregui , Félix Osores Sotomayor and Epigmenio González . In 1996 , the historic center of Querétaro was declared a World Heritage Site by the UNESCO . It is a strong business and economic centre and a vigorous service city that is experiencing an ongoing social and economic revitalization . Querétaro has seen an outstanding industrial and economic development since the mid-1990s . Querétaro metropolitan area has the 2nd highest GDP per capita among Mexico 's metropolitan areas with 20,000 USD after Monterrey . The city is the fastest-growing in the country , basing its economy on IT and data centers , logistics services , aircraft manufacturing and maintenance , call centers , the automotive and machinery industries , and the production of chemicals and food products . The region of Querétaro has a rapidly growing vineyards agriculture and hosts the famous wine producer from Spain Freixenet . Wine production in Querétaro is now the second largest in Mexico after that of the Baja California region . All this has caused the city and the metropolitan area to attract many migrants from other parts of Mexico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dalston", "text": "Dalston ( /ˈdɔːlstən/ ) is an area of East London , in the London Borough of Hackney . It is 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north-east of Charing Cross . Dalston began as a hamlet on either side of Dalston Lane , and as the area urbanised the term also came to apply to surrounding areas including Kingsland and Shacklewell , all three of which being part of the Ancient Parish of Hackney . Gentrification has led to a rapid increase in the price of property , with current prices 8% above the London average . The process of change was accelerated by the East London line extension , now part of London Overground , and the reopening of Dalston Junction railway station , part of London 's successful bid to host the 2012 Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Roaring_Twenties", "text": "The Roaring Twenties ( sometimes stylized as the Roarin Twenties ) refers to the decade of the 1920s in Western society and Western culture . It was a period of economic prosperity with a distinctive cultural edge in the United States and Europe , particularly in major cities such as Berlin , Chicago , London , Los Angeles , New York City , Paris , and Sydney . In France , the decade was known as the années folles ( 'crazy years ' ) , emphasizing the era 's social , artistic and cultural dynamism . Jazz blossomed , the flapper redefined the modern look for British and American women , and Art Deco peaked . Not everything roared : in the wake of the patriotism of World War I , President Warren G. Harding brought back normalcy to the politics of the United States . This period saw the large-scale development and use of automobiles , telephones , movies , radio , and electrical appliances being installed in the lives of thousands of Westerners . Aviation soon became a business . Nations saw rapid industrial and economic growth , accelerated consumer demand , and introduced significantly new changes in lifestyle and culture . The media , funded by the new industry of mass-market advertising driving consumer demand , focused on celebrities , especially sports heroes and movie stars , as cities rooted for their home teams and filled the new palatial cinemas and gigantic sports stadiums . In many major democratic states , women won the right to vote . The right to vote had a huge impact on society . [ citation needed ] The social and cultural features known as the Roaring Twenties began in leading metropolitan centers and spread widely in the aftermath of World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Active_rock", "text": "Active rock is a radio format used by many commercial radio stations across the United States and Canada . Active rock stations play a balance of new hard rock songs with valued classic rock favorites , normally with an emphasis similar to Mainstream Rock and Album Oriented Rock on the hard rock end of the spectrum ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Third_baseman", "text": "A third baseman , abbreviated 3B , is the player in baseball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base - the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run . In the scoring system used to record defensive plays , the third baseman is assigned the number ' 5 ' . The third baseman requires good reflexes in reacting to batted balls , as he is often the closest infielder ( roughly 90-120 feet ) to the batter . The third base position requires a strong and accurate arm , as the third baseman often makes long throws to first base . The third baseman sometimes must throw quickly to second base in time to start a double play . The third baseman must also field fly balls in fair and foul territory . Third base is known as the hot corner , because the third baseman is relatively close to the batter and most right-handed hitters tend to hit the ball hard in this direction . A third baseman must possess good hand-eye coordination and quick reactions in order to catch hard line drives sometimes in excess of 125 miles per hour ( 201 km/h ) . Third basemen often must begin in a position even closer to the batter if a bunt is expected , creating a hazard if the ball is instead hit sharply . As with middle infielders , right-handed throwing players are standard at the position because they do not need to turn their body before throwing across the infield to first base . Mike Squires , who played fourteen games at third base in 1982 and 1983 , is a very rare example of a third baseman who threw lefty . Some third basemen have been converted from middle infielders or outfielders because the position does not require them to run as fast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stoke_Hammond", "text": "Stoke Hammond is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in north Buckinghamshire , England , about two and a half miles south of Fenny Stratford ( Milton Keynes ) . The village was first recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Stoche : a common place name in England denoting an Anglo-Saxon church or place of worship . The suffix Hammond was added later in manorial records though it refers to the family who owned the estate at the time of the Domesday survey . Hamon Brito , son of Mainfelin Brito , was the owner of the manor of Stoke in the 12th century . The manor later passed into the ownership of the Duke of Norfolk ; the family still owned it at the end of the Victorian era . The Disney family , apparently related to the illustrator Walt Disney , was also at one time an influential family in the parish . The parish church is dedicated to St Luke . There is also a Methodist Chapel , built in 1927 . The A4146 used to pass through the village until the bypass opened on 14 September 2007 . The village is close to the West Coast Railway line , although there is no station in the village . The nearest stations are Bletchley and Leighton Buzzard . The Grand Union Canal passes close by the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bolton_Wanderers_F.C.", "text": "Bolton Wanderers Football Club ( /ˈboʊltən/ ( listen ) ) is a professional football club in Bolton , Greater Manchester , England , which competes in EFL League One , the third tier of English football . Formed as Christ Church Football Club in 1874 , it adopted its current name in 1877 and was a founder member of the Football League in 1888 . Bolton have spent more seasons than any other club in the top flight without winning the title . They finished third in the First Division in 1891-92 , 1920-21 and 1924-25 . Bolton won the FA Cup three times in the 1920s , and again in 1958 . The club spent a season in the Fourth Division in 1987-88 before regaining top-flight status in 1995 and qualifying for the UEFA Cup twice , reaching the last 32 in 2005-06 and the last 16 in 2007-08 . The club played at Burnden Park for 102 years from 1895 . On 9 March 1946 , thirty-three Bolton fans lost their lives in a human crush , the Burnden Park disaster . In 1997 , Bolton moved to the Reebok Stadium ( as it was then known ) . The stadium was renamed the Macron Stadium in 2014 and University of Bolton Stadium in 2018 . Since 2015 , Bolton had been in severe financial difficulties , and went into administration in May 2019 . Facing possible EFL expulsion , the club was acquired by new owners on 28 August 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karlstad", "text": "Karlstad ( US : /ˈkɑːrlstɑːd/ , Swedish : [ ˈkɑ̌ːɭsta ( d ) ] ( listen ) ) is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality , the capital of Värmland County , and the largest city in the province Värmland in Sweden . The city had 61,492 inhabitants in 2015 with 90,882 inhabitants in the wider municipality in 2017 , and is the 21st biggest municipality in Sweden . Karlstad has a university and a cathedral . Karlstad is built on the river delta where Sweden 's longest river , Klarälven , runs into Sweden 's largest lake , Vänern . It has the second largest lake port in the country after Västerås . Karlstad is often associated with sunshine and the symbol for Karlstad is a smiling sun . Karlstad is reputed to be one of the sunniest towns in Sweden and a local waitress , known as Sola i Karlstad ( the Sun in Karlstad ) for her sunny disposition , is also commemorated with a statue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/No._432_Squadron_RCAF", "text": "No . 432 Squadron RCAF was a squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force formed during the Second World War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robarte_un_Beso", "text": "Robarte un Beso is a song by Colombian singers Carlos Vives and Sebastián Yatra from Vives ' fifteenth studio album , Vives ( 2017 ) . It was written by the two singers , and producers Mauricio Rengifo and Andres Torres . Regarding the track , Yatra said , 'Robarte un Beso ' is a song that we did inspired by love , regaining , falling in love , it 's never too late to tell that person we have next to us how much we love them . It was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2018 Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Biathlon at the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of three biathlon events . They were held at the Igman - Veliko Polje . The events began on 11 February and ended on 17 February 1984 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lumber_Jack-Rabbit", "text": "Lumber Jack-Rabbit is a 1953 3-D Looney Tunes animated comedy short film directed by Chuck Jones and featuring Bugs Bunny . With a story by Michael Maltese , the short was released by Warner Bros. Pictures on September 26 , 1953 . It was notable as the first Warner Bros. cartoon short produced in 3-D . It premiered with the Warner Bros. 3-D feature The Moonlighter and the 3-D Lippert short , Bandit Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sea_cave", "text": "A sea cave , also known as a littoral cave , is a type of cave formed primarily by the wave action of the sea . The primary process involved is erosion . Sea caves are found throughout the world , actively forming along present coastlines and as relict sea caves on former coastlines . Some of the largest wave-cut caves in the world are found on the coast of Norway , but are now 100 feet or more above present sea level . These would still be classified as littoral caves . By contrast , in places like Thailand 's Phang Nga Bay , solutionally formed caves in limestone have been flooded by the rising sea and are now subject to littoral erosion , representing a new phase of their enlargement . Some of the best-known sea caves are European . Fingal 's Cave , on the island of Staffa in Scotland , is a spacious cave some 70 m long , formed in columnar basalt . The Blue Grotto of Capri , although smaller , is famous for the apparent luminescent quality of its water , imparted by light passing through underwater openings . The Romans built a stairway in its rear and a now-collapsed tunnel to the surface . The Greek islands are also noted for the variety and beauty of their sea caves . Numerous sea caves have been surveyed in England , Scotland , and in France , particularly on the Normandy coast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Memories_Are_Made_of_This", "text": "Memories Are Made of This is a popular song about nostalgia written by Terry Gilkyson , Richard Dehr , and Frank Miller in 1955 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aldenham", "text": "Aldenham is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) north-east of Watford and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of Radlett . It was mentioned in the Domesday Book and is one of Hertsmere 's 14 conservation areas . This secluded little village has eight pre-19th century buildings that are listed buildings and the parish itself is largely unchanged , though buildings have been rebuilt , since Saxon times when the majority of the land was owned by the abbots of Westminster Abbey . In the Index of Multiple Deprivation , the ward of Aldenham East was ranked the least deprived ward out of 8414 in England , while Aldenham West also featured among the least deprived three per cent in the country . Radlett forms the eastern part of the civil parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arlington,_Virginia", "text": "Arlington County is a county in the Commonwealth of Virginia , often referred to simply as Arlington or Arlington , Virginia . The county is situated in Northern Virginia on the southwestern bank of the Potomac River directly across from the District of Columbia , of which it was once a part . The county is coterminous with the U.S. Census Bureau 's census-designated place of Arlington . Arlington is considered to be the second-largest principal city of the Washington metropolitan area . In 2018 , the county 's population was estimated at 237,521 , making Arlington the sixth-largest county in Virginia by population ; if it were incorporated as a city , would be the fourth-most populous city in the state . With a land area of 26 square miles ( 67 km2 ) , Arlington is the geographically smallest self-governing county in the U.S. , and by reason of state law regarding population density , it has no incorporated towns within its borders . It is the 5th highest-income county in the U.S. by median family income . Due to the county 's proximity to downtown Washington , D.C. , Arlington is home to the Pentagon , Reagan National Airport , and Arlington National Cemetery . In academia , the county contains George Mason University 's Antonin Scalia Law School , the administrative offices buildings and graduate programs for the Schar School of Policy and Government and School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution , as well as satellite campuses of the University of Virginia and Virginia Tech . It will soon house the co-headquarters of Amazon.com , Inc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Okanagan—Coquihalla", "text": "Okanagan - Coquihalla was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that had been represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Democratic_Party", "text": "The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , along with its main rival , the Republican Party . Tracing its heritage back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison 's Democratic-Republican Party , the modern-day Democratic Party was founded around 1828 by supporters of Andrew Jackson , making it the world 's oldest active political party . In its early years , the Party supported limited government , state sovereignty and opposed banks and the abolition of slavery . Since Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal coalition in the 1930s , the Democratic Party has promoted a social liberal platform . Well into the 20th century , the party had conservative pro-business and Southern conservative-populist wings ; following the New Deal , however , the conservative wing of the party largely withered outside the South . The New Deal Coalition of 1932-1964 attracted strong support from voters of recent European extraction - many of whom were Catholics based in the cities . After the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the core bases of the two parties shifted , with the Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics and the Northeastern states becoming more reliably Democratic . The once-powerful labor union element became smaller and less supportive after the 1970s . White evangelicals and Southerners have become heavily Republican at the state and local levels since the 1990s . People living in urban areas , women , college graduates , sexual and gender minorities , millennials , and black , Latino , Jewish , Muslim and Asian Americans tend to support the Democratic Party . The Democratic Party 's philosophy of modern liberalism advocates social and economic equality , along with the welfare state . It seeks to provide government regulation in the economy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jaffna", "text": "Jaffna ( Tamil : யாழ்ப்பாணம் , romanized : Yāḻppāṇam , Sinhala : යාපනය , romanized : Yāpanaya ) is the capital city of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka . It is the administrative headquarters of the Jaffna District located on a peninsula of the same name . With a population of 88,138 in 2012 , Jaffna is Sri Lanka 's 12th most populous city . Jaffna is approximately six miles ( 9.7 kilometres ) from Kandarodai which served as an emporium in the Jaffna peninsula from classical antiquity . Jaffna 's suburb Nallur , served as the capital of the four-century-long medieval Jaffna Kingdom . Prior to the Sri Lankan Civil War , it was Sri Lanka 's second most populous city after Colombo . The 1980s insurgent uprising led to extensive damage , expulsion of part of the population , and military occupation . Since the end of civil war in 2009 , refugees and internally displaced people began returning to homes , while government and private sector reconstruction started taking place . Historically , Jaffna has been a contested city . It was made into a colonial port town during the Portuguese occupation of the Jaffna peninsula in 1619 who lost it to the Dutch , only to lose it to the British in 1796 . During the civil war , the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) occupied Jaffna in 1986 . The Indian Peace Keeping Force ( IPKF ) briefly occupied the city in 1987 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikolaus_Pevsner", "text": "Sir Nikolaus Bernhard Leon Pevsner CBE FBA ( 30 January 1902 - 18 August 1983 ) was a German-British art historian and architectural historian best known for his monumental 46-volume series of county-by-county guides , The Buildings of England ( 1951-74 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emmerdale", "text": "Emmerdale ( known as Emmerdale Farm until 1989 ) is a British soap opera set in Emmerdale ( known as Beckindale until 1994 ) , a fictional village in the Yorkshire Dales . Created by Kevin Laffan , Emmerdale Farm was first broadcast on 16 October 1972 . Interior scenes have been filmed at The Leeds Studios since its inception , while exterior scenes were previously filmed in Esholt , a real village , but are now shot at a purpose built set on the Harewood estate . The programme is broadcast in every ITV region . The series originally aired during the afternoon until 1978 , when it was moved to an early-evening prime time slot in most regions ; London and Anglia followed during the mid-1980s . Until December 1988 , Emmerdale took seasonal breaks ; since then , it has been broadcast year-round . As of 2020 [ update ] , episodes air on ITV weekday evenings at 19:00 , with a second episode on Thursdays at 20:00 . The programme began broadcasting in high definition on 10 October 2011 . Since January 2019 , ten sequential classic episodes of the inception of Emmerdale have been broadcast weekly on ITV3 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pascale_Picard", "text": "The Pascale Picard Band is a Canadian rock group from Quebec City , formed by Pascale Picard ( vocal and guitar ) , Philippe Morissette ( bass ) , Marc Chartrain ( drums ) and Mathieu Cantin ( guitar ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Art_(album)", "text": "Art is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer , featuring performances recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Argo label . :18 Farmer stated in 1995 that the album , which consists mainly of ballads , was his favorite ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halloween_(wrestler)", "text": "Manuel Ortiz Partida ( born May 22 , 1971 ) is a professional wrestler who is currently wrestling the independent circuit in Mexico , particularly in the Tijuana area . He is better known by his stage name Halloween but is also known in the United States as Ciclope , a character he portrayed in World Championship Wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashburton,_Devon", "text": "Ashburton is a small town on the south-southeastern edge of Dartmoor in Devon , England , adjacent to the A38 . The town is 20 miles ( 32 km ) northeast of Plymouth and 17 miles ( 27 km ) southwest of Exeter . It was formerly important as a stannary town ( a centre for the administration of tin-mining ) , and remains the largest town within the National Park , with a population of around 3,800 , increasing to 4,170 in 2011 . [ citation needed ] Ashburton has five pubs within the centre of town and five restaurants/cafés . The town is also part of the electoral ward named Ashburton and Buckfastleigh , the population of which at the 2011 census was 7,718 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muzaffarabad", "text": "Muzaffarabad ( Urdu : مُظفّر آباد ) is the capital of the Pakistan-administered territory of Azad Jammu and Kashmir . The city is located in Muzaffarabad District near the confluence of the Jhelum and Neelum rivers . The district is bounded by the province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in the west , by the Kupwara and Baramulla districts of Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir in the east , and the Neelum District of Azad Kashmir in the north ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henri_Coandă_International_Airport", "text": "Bucharest Henri Coandă International Airport ( Romanian : Aeroportul Internațional Henri Coandă București ) ( IATA : OTP , ICAO : LROP ) is Romania 's busiest international airport , located in Otopeni , 16.5 km ( 10.3 mi ) north of Bucharest 's city centre . It is currently one of two airports serving the capital of Romania . The other is Aurel Vlaicu Airport , which no longer serves scheduled passenger traffic . The airport is named after Romanian flight pioneer Henri Coandă , builder of Coandă-1910 aircraft and discoverer of the Coandă effect of fluidics . Prior to May 2004 , the official name was Bucharest Otopeni International Airport ( Romanian : Aeroportul Internațional București Otopeni ) . Henri Coandă International Airport serves as headquarters for TAROM , the country 's national airline . It also serves as a base of operations for low-cost airlines Blue Air , Ryanair and Wizz Air . It is managed by The National Company Bucharest Airports S.A. ( Compania Națională Aeroporturi București S.A. ) . The military section of the airport is used by the 90th Airlift Flotilla of the Romanian Air Force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Free_skating", "text": "The free skating segment of figure skating , also called the free skate and the long program , is the second of two segments of competitions , skated after the short program . Its duration , across all disciplines , is four minutes for senior skaters and teams , and three-and-one-half minutes for junior skaters and teams . Vocal music with lyrics is allowed for all disciplines since the 2014 - 2015 season . The free skating program , across all disciplines , must be well-balanced and include certain elements described and published by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freddy_Quinn", "text": "Freddy Quinn ( born Franz Eugen Helmut Manfred Nidl ; 27 September 1931 , in Niederfladnitz , Austria ) is an Austrian singer and actor whose popularity within the German-speaking world soared in the late 1950s and 1960s . Similar to Hans Albers two generations before him , Quinn adopted the persona of the rootless wanderer who goes to sea but longs for a home , family and friends . Quinn 's Irish family name comes from his Irish born salesman father , Johann Quinn . His mother , Edith Henriette Nidl , was an Austrian journalist . He is often associated with the Schlager scene ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_England", "text": "The Church of England ( C of E ) is the established church of England . The Archbishop of Canterbury is the most senior cleric , although the monarch is the supreme governor . The Church of England is also the mother church of the international Anglican Communion . It traces its history to the Christian church recorded as existing in the Roman province of Britain by the third century , and to the 6th-century Gregorian mission to Kent led by Augustine of Canterbury . The English church renounced papal authority when Henry VIII failed to secure an annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon in 1534 . The English Reformation accelerated under Edward VI 's regents , before a brief restoration of papal authority under Queen Mary I and King Philip . The Act of Supremacy 1558 renewed the breach , and the Elizabethan Settlement charted a course enabling the English church to describe itself as both catholic and reformed :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Lee_Child", "text": "James Dover Grant CBE ( born 29 October 1954 ) , primarily known by his pen name Lee Child , is a British author who writes thriller novels , and is best known for his Jack Reacher novel series . The books follow the adventures of a former American military policeman , Jack Reacher , who wanders the United States . His first novel , Killing Floor ( 1997 ) , won both the Anthony Award , and the Barry Award for Best First Novel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Granada_War_Relocation_Center", "text": "The Granada War Relocation Center , also known as Camp Amache , was a Japanese American concentration camp located in southeast Colorado , about a mile west of the small farming community of Granada , south of US 50 . The camp was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 18 , 1994 , and designated a National Historic Landmark on February 10 , 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_Tech_Yellow_Jackets_football", "text": "The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football . The Yellow Jackets team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . Georgia Tech has fielded a football team since 1892 and , as of 2017 , has an all-time record of 735-502-43 ( a .591 winning percentage ) . The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta , which has a capacity of 55,000 . One of the most successful college football programs over a long history , the Yellow Jackets have won four national championships across four different decades ( 1917 , 1928 , 1952 , 1990 ) as well as sixteen conference titles . Among the team 's former coaches are John Heisman , for whom the Heisman Trophy is named , and Bobby Dodd , for whom the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award and the school 's stadium are named . Heisman led the team to the most lopsided game in football history , 222-0 , and both Heisman and Dodd led Tech 's football team to national championships . Dodd also led the Jackets on their longest winning streak - 8 straight games - against the University of Georgia in Tech 's most time-endured rivalry , called Clean , Old-Fashioned Hate . For his part , Heisman led Georgia Tech to an undefeated 12-0-1 record in the Georgia Tech-Clemson football rivalry and what made it sting even more was that Heisman had previously coached Clemson . A number of successful collegiate and professional football players have also played for Tech . The program has 48 first-team All-Americans and over 150 alumni who have played in the NFL . Among the most lauded and most notable players the school has produced are Maxie Baughan , Calvin Johnson , Demaryius Thomas , Keith Brooking , Joe Hamilton , Joe Guyon , Pat Swilling and Billy Shaw ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ice_hockey_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The men 's ice hockey tournament at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia , was the 15th Olympic Championship . The Soviet Union won its sixth gold medal . Games were held mostly in the arena portion of the Olympic Hall Zetra , with some played in the arena portion of the Skenderija Olympic Hall . The IIHF did not run a championship in Olympic years at this time . Nations that did not participate in the Sarejevo Olympics were invited to compete in the Thayer Tutt Trophy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sie7e", "text": "David Rodríguez Labault ( born July 7 , 1977 ) is a Latin Grammy winning Puerto Rican singer and songwriter who uses the stage name Siete ( usually stylized as Sie7e ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donald_Johanson", "text": "Donald Carl Johanson ( born June 28 , 1943 ) is an American paleoanthropologist . He is known for discovering - with Yves Coppens and Maurice Taieb - the fossil of a female hominin australopithecine known as Lucy in the Afar Triangle region of Hadar , Ethiopia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Alabama", "text": "Alabama was admitted to the Union on December 14 , 1819 . The state elects U.S. senators to Class 2 and Class 3 . Its United States Senate seats were declared vacant from March 1861 to July 1868 due to its secession from the Union during the American Civil War . Alabama 's current U.S. senators are Republican Richard Shelby ( since 1987 ) and Democrat Doug Jones ( since 2018 ) , making it one of nine states to have a split U.S. Senate delegation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tokyo", "text": "Tokyo ( 東京 , Tōkyō , English : /ˈtoʊkioʊ/ , Japanese : [ toːkʲoː ] ( listen ) ) , officially Tokyo Metropolis ( 東京都 , Tōkyō-to ) , is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan . The capital of Japan , it houses the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government . Tokyo forms part of the Kantō region on the southeastern side of Japan 's main island , Honshu , and includes the Izu and Ogasawara Islands . Originally a small fishing village named Edo ( 江戸 ) , the city became a prominent political center of Japan when Shōgun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarters in 1603 . When Emperor Meiji moved the imperial seat to the city from Kyoto in 1868 , Edo was renamed Tokyo , literally the Eastern Capital . The Tokyo Metropolis formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture ( 東京府 , Tōkyō-fu ) and the city of Tokyo ( 東京市 , Tōkyō-shi ) . While commonly referred to as a city , Tokyo is a collective entity of multiple smaller municipalities , including 23 special wards and various bed towns in the western area . Modern Tokyo is categorized as an alpha+ city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . As of 2019 , the population of Tokyo was estimated to be over 13.9 million , making it Japan 's most populous prefecture . The metropolitan area is the world 's most populous with over 40 million people as well as the world 's largest urban agglomeration economy . As of 2011 [ update ] , Tokyo hosted 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies , the highest number of any city in the world at that time . The city ranked sixth on the Global Financial Centres Index of 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gwalior_International_Cricket_Stadium", "text": "Gwalior International Cricket Stadium is a new under construction international cricket stadium at Shankarpur village in Gwalior West . by Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association ( MPCA ) . The proposed stadium will be built on a land of 30 acres , which has been taken over by Gwalior Division Cricket Association ( GDCA ) . The construction of the proposed stadium is expected to be completed in 2022 jun . It will have a seating capacity of around 50000 spectators . It will also be equipped with flood lights for night matches , a swimming pool , sauna bath , modern gym , dressing room , and 30 corporate boxes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Brisbane_Lions", "text": "The Brisbane Lions Australian Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club who play in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . The club is based in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . The club was formed in late 1996 from the merger of the Fitzroy Lions and the Brisbane Bears . The Lions are one of the most successful AFL clubs of the 21st century , having appeared in four consecutive AFL Grand Finals from 2001 to 2004 and winning three premierships ( 2001 , 2002 , 2003 ) . The club plays home matches in the AFL at the Gabba and is captained by Dayne Zorko and coached by Chris Fagan . The Lions were a foundation team in the AFL Women 's competition in 2017 and have featured in two grand finals in that time , finishing runners-up on both occasions . The Brisbane Bears were the first south-east Queensland based team formed in the region . They played at their home ground at Carrara Stadium on the Gold Coast from 1987 to 1992 before relocating to the Gabba in 1993 . The club continues to play its home games at the Gabba ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vicenza_Calcio", "text": "L.R . Vicenza Virtus , commonly referred to as Vicenza , is an Italian football club based in Vicenza , Veneto . Founded in 1902 as Associazione del Calcio in Vicenza , they became Lanerossi Vicenza in 1953 , then Vicenza Calcio from 1990 to 2018 , a year which saw the club going bankrupt and being put under controlled administration in order to preserve the Serie C spot at the end of the 2017-18 season . Renzo Rosso , owner of Diesel , merged its Bassano Virtus and some of the assets of Vicenza Calcio into one team , which will play in Vicenza , while the two sides will preserve their distinct youth teams . Vicenza is the oldest team in Veneto ; officially founded on 9 March 1902 by the then dean of Liceo Lioy , Tito Buy , and the physical education teacher of the same school , Libero Antonio Scarpa . The club currently plays in Italy 's Serie C , having spent the entire 1960s , most of the 1970s and a large part of the 1990s in Serie A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2008 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad ( Chinese : 第二十九届夏季奥林匹克运动会 ; pinyin : Dì Èrshíjiǔ Jiè Xiàjì Àolínpǐkè Yùndònghuì ) and commonly known as Beijing 2008 , was an international multi-sport event that was held from 8 to 24 August 2008 in Beijing , China . [ b ] A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) competed in 28 sports and 302 events ( one event more than those scheduled for the 2004 Summer Olympics ) . This was the first time that China had hosted the Summer Olympics , but the third time that the Games had been held in East Asia , following the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and the Seoul 1988 Summer Olympics . These were the second summer Olympic Games staged in a Communist country , after the Moscow 1980 Summer Olympics and the third in a developing country after the Mexico City 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union and the first overall Olympics to be hosted by a Communist state since the former Yugoslavia hosted the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo . Beijing was awarded the 2008 Games over four competitors on 13 July 2001 , having won a majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) after two rounds of voting . The Government of the People 's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transport systems . A total of 37 venues were used to host the events , including twelve constructed specifically for the 2008 Olympics . The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong , making this the third Olympics for which the events were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs . [ c ] The sailing events were contested in Qingdao , while the football events took place across several different cities . The official logo for the 2008 Games , titled Dancing Beijing , featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng ( 京 , means capital ) in reference to the host city . The Beijing Olympics was watched by 3,500,000,000 people worldwide and featured the longest distance for an Olympic Torch relay . The event sets numerous world and Olympics records in the history of sports , and is also the most expensive Summer Olympics of all time and second-most expensive overall , after the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ronald_Reagan", "text": "Ronald Wilson Reagan ( /ˈreɪɡən/ ; February 6 , 1911 - June 5 , 2004 ) was an American politician who served as the 40th president of the United States from 1981 to 1989 and became a highly influential voice of modern conservatism . Prior to his presidency , he was a Hollywood actor and union leader before serving as the 33rd governor of California from 1967 to 1975 . Reagan was raised in a low-income family in small towns of northern Illinois . He graduated from Eureka College in 1932 and worked as a sports commentator on several regional radio stations . After moving to California in 1937 , he found work as an actor and starred in a few major productions . Reagan was twice elected president of the Screen Actors Guild - the labor union for actors - where he worked to root out Communist influence . In the 1950s , he moved into television and was a motivational speaker at General Electric factories , during which time he became a conservative . Reagan was a Democrat until 1962 when he switched to the Republican Party . In 1964 , Reagan 's speech A Time for Choosing supported Barry Goldwater 's foundering presidential campaign and earned him national attention as a new conservative spokesman . Building a network of supporters , Reagan was elected governor of California in 1966 . As governor , Reagan raised taxes , turned a state budget deficit to a surplus , challenged the protesters at the University of California , ordered in National Guard troops during a period of protest movements in 1969 , and was re-elected in 1970 . He twice ran unsuccessfully for the Republican presidential nomination , in 1968 and 1976 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Idol_(Season_10)", "text": "The tenth season of American Idol premiered on January 19 , 2011 , and concluded on May 25 , 2011 , on the Fox television network . The show underwent a number of changes from the ninth season , including the return of Nigel Lythgoe as executive producer . Randy Jackson returned as judge for his tenth season while Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler joined the judging panel following the departures of Simon Cowell , Kara DioGuardi and Ellen DeGeneres . Interscope Records , which is part of Universal Music Group , replaced Sony Music Entertainment as Idol 's official partner record label . Interscope 's Chairman Jimmy Iovine , a songwriter and producer , was named as the in-house mentor to work with the contestants on a weekly basis . He was supported by associated producers Rodney Jerkins , Alex da Kid , Tricky Stewart , Don Was , will.i.am , and Timbaland , who all helped the contestants tailor their song choices to their chosen genre of performance , while also producing arrangements for the contestants and offering original material to be performed . Ray Chew replaced Rickey Minor as the show 's musical director and leader of Idol 's live band . Programming changes affecting viewership included a revision in the days of broadcast from Tuesdays and Wednesdays to Wednesdays and Thursdays . The show also opened up an option for viewers to cast their votes online through Facebook , allowing 50 votes per account . Specific changes in the competition itself included extending extra rounds ( such as the Las Vegas show ) and a final solo round , while also returning the judges ' wild card choices . The show additionally lowered the age of eligibility to 15 years . More contestants made it to Hollywood in the tenth season than in previous seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jigme_Namgyel_Wangchuck", "text": "Jigme Namgyel Wangchuck ( Dzongkha : འཇིགས་མེད་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་དབང་ཕྱུག་ , born 5 February 2016 ) is the first child and heir apparent of King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck of Bhutan and his wife , Queen Ashi Jetsun Pema . His name was announced on 16 April 2016 . Prior to the announcement , he was known only as The Gyalsey , which means prince . Before his birth his paternal uncle Prince Jigyel Ugyen of Bhutan was the heir presumptive to King Jigme Khesar Namgyel . In honor of his birth , 108,000 trees were planted by thousands of volunteers in Bhutan . He is expected to become the sixth Druk Gyalpo ( King of Bhutan ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SP_Kyoto_FC", "text": "SP Kyoto FC ( SP京都FC , SP Kyoto Football Club ) were an association football club based in Muko , Kyoto , Japan . They played for the last time in Japan Football League for 2015 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1983_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 1983 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 19 through May 21 . The top two regular season finishers from each division met in the double-elimination tournament held at Hyames Field in Kalamazoo , Michigan . This was the third Mid-American Conference postseason tournament to determine a champion . Fourth seeded Miami won their first tournament championship to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 1983 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampines_Rovers", "text": "Tampines Rovers Football Club , commonly known as Tampines Rovers or simply Rovers , is a professional football club based in Tampines , Singapore , that competes in the Singapore Premier League . Nicknamed The Stags , the club was founded in 1945 and settled on its current name six years later . Their home ground is currently at Our Tampines Hub , where they had been since 2017 , after six years playing away due to the construction of their new stadium . Tampines Rovers has won major trophies in Singapore , including the Singapore Cup and the Singapore Premier League . They have won the national league championship eight times , the Singapore Cup thrice , the Singapore Premier League five times and the ASEAN Club Championship once . The Stags are known for boosting a considerably high attendance at home and away games . Tampines Rovers is one of the wealthiest football clubs in Singapore . They were previously sponsored by Hyundai and Komoco Motors until 2016 season , ending a 15-year association . It is also one of the more widely supported football clubs in Singapore , with the Stags being known for boosting a considerably high attendance at both home and away games . Its main rival is Geylang International , with whom they contest the Eastern Derby ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johntá_Austin", "text": "Johntá Austin ( /dʒɒnˈteɪ/ jon-TAY ; born June 28 , 1980 ) is an American singer-songwriter , arranger , producer , vocalist and rapper , signed to Jermaine Dupri 's So So Def Recordings . He is known for collaborating with producers Bryan-Michael Cox , Jermaine Dupri and the production duo StarGate . He was awarded two Grammy Awards for his work on the songs We Belong Together by Mariah Carey and Be Without You by Mary J. Blige ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seoul", "text": "Seoul ( /soʊl/ , like soul ; Korean : 서울 [ sʌ.ul ] ( listen ) ; lit . Capital ) , officially the Seoul Special City , is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea . Seoul forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area . Ranked as an alpha world city , Seoul was the world 's 4th largest metropolitan economy with a GDP of US $ 635 billion in 2014 after Tokyo , New York City and Los Angeles . International visitors generally reach Seoul via AREX from the Incheon International Airport , notable for having been rated the best airport for nine consecutive years ( 2005-2013 ) by the Airports Council International . In 2015 , it was rated Asia 's most livable city with the second highest quality of life globally by Arcadis , with the GDP per capita ( PPP ) in Seoul being around $ 40,000 . In 2017 , the cost of living in Seoul was ranked 6th globally . In 2018 , Seoul 's real estate market was ranked 5th in the world for the price of apartments in the downtown center. , Seoul was one of the host cities for the official tournament of the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Korea/Japan . With major technology hubs centered in Gangnam and Digital Media City , the Seoul Capital Area is home to the headquarters of 15 Fortune Global 500 companies , including Samsung , LG , and Hyundai . Ranked seventh in the Global Power City Index and Global Financial Centres Index , the metropolis exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences . Seoul has hosted the 1986 Asian Games , 1988 Summer Olympics , 2002 FIFA World Cup , and more recently the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit . Seoul was the capital of various Korean kingdoms , including Baekje , Joseon , and the Korean Empire and served as the secondary capital of Goryeo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Wiens", "text": "David Wiens is an American former professional cross-country mountain bike racer . He is known for his six consecutive wins in the Leadville Trail 100 MTB mountain bike race including defeating Tour de France riders Floyd Landis and Lance Armstrong . Wiens , a 2000 inductee to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame , won the Leadville Trail 100 every year from 2003 to 2008 . In 2007 , he broke the 7 hour mark for the first time at 6:58:46 while holding off Floyd Landis by just under 2 minutes . In 2008 , Wiens won again beating 7-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong by just under 2 minutes and setting a new course record of 6:45:45 . In 2009 , Wiens finished second behind Armstrong in Leadville with a time of 6:57:02 . Wiens was also the US National cross country champion in 1993 and the US National marathon champion in 2004 . He won two UCI World Cup races and numerous NORBA National Series races during his career . In 2006 , Wiens founded Gunnison Trails , a non-profit organization dedicated to enhancing singletrack trails on public lands adjacent to Gunnison , Colorado . In 2008 , Wiens began representing Ergon Bike Ergonomics , a German brand focused on producing ergonomically designed grips , saddles , packs and more . In 2011 , Wiens began working with the Leadville Race Series as a consultant and ambassador . In 2012 , Wiens created the Mountain Sports program at Western State Colorado University in Gunnison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carlo_Bagno", "text": "Carlo Bagno ( 21 March 1920 - 19 January 1990 ) was an Italian actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tugboat", "text": "A tugboat or tug is a type of vessel that maneuvers other vessels by pushing or pulling them either by direct contact or by means of a tow line . Tugs typically move vessels that either are restricted in their ability to maneuver on their own , such as ships in a crowded harbor or a narrow canal , or those that can not move by themselves , such as barges , disabled ships , log rafts , or oil platforms . Tugboats are powerful for their size and strongly built , and some are ocean-going . Some tugboats serve as icebreakers or salvage boats . Early tugboats had steam engines , but today most have diesel engines . Many tugboats have firefighting monitors , allowing them to assist in firefighting , especially in harbors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Net_worth", "text": "Net worth is the value of all the non-financial and financial assets owned by an institutional unit or sector minus the value of all its outstanding liabilities . Since financial assets minus outstanding liabilities equal net financial assets , net worth can also be conveniently expressed as non-financial assets plus net financial assets . Net worth can apply to companies , individuals , governments or economic sectors such as the sector of financial corporations or to entire countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saudia_Roundtree", "text": "Saudia Roundtree ( born October 4 , 1976 in Anderson , South Carolina ) is an American women 's basketball coach , and also a former star player . Roundtree attended Westside high School in Anderson , South Carolina , where she was named a High School All-American by the WBCA . She participated in the inaugural WBCA High School All-America Game in 1992 , scoring ten points . She began her collegiate career at Kilgore College , where she captured National Junior College Player of the Year honors in 1994 . She later transferred to the University of Georgia , where she was named an All-American and the Naismith College Player of the Year , USBWA Women 's National Player of the Year , and WBCA Player of the Year in 1996 . In 1996 , Roundtree was named to the Final Four All Tournament team . Roundtree also received the Espy Award in 1997 for the Best Female College Basketball Player . She obtained a degree in sociology from Georgia . After leaving UGA , Roundtree played three seasons in the American Basketball League , two with the Atlanta Glory and one with the Nashville Noise , and was an ABL All-Star . She started her coaching career at Morris Brown College in 2001 and then was the head women 's basketball coach North Carolina A & T University from 2002 to 2005 . Roundtree spent 2005 on the coaching staff at the University of Alabama before becoming an assistant coach at University of Central Florida in 2006 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aniwa_Island", "text": "Aniwa is a small island in the southernmost province of Tafea , Vanuatu . As a coral island ( a raised coral atoll ) , it rises a mere 42 m above sea level . In the northwest is Itcharo ( Tiaro ) lagoon , which is open to the sea . The nearest large island is Tanna , about 24 km to the southwest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nakamura_Utaemon_VI", "text": "Nakamura Utaemon VI ( 中村歌右衛門 ( 6代目 ) , January 20 , 1917 - March 31 , 2001 ) was a Japanese kabuki performer and an artistic director of the Kabuki-za in Tokyo . He was a prominent member of a family of kabuki actors from the Keihanshin region . Nakamura Utaemon was a stage name with significant cultural and historical connotations . The name Utaemon indicates personal status as an actor . Such a title can only be assumed after the death of a previous holder , under restrictive succession conventions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paris_La_Défense_Arena", "text": "The Paris La Défense Arena ( originally known as the U Arena ) is a multi-use domed stadium that is located in Nanterre , which is a western suburb of Paris . It is one of the two multi-use domed stadiums to be built in Europe , along with Telenor Arena . In Spring 2018 , the arena was renamed from U Arena to Paris La Défense Arena following a vote by its board of directors . For the 2024 Summer Olympics , in which the arena will host gymnastics events and commercially sponsored names are prohibited , the local organizing committee is using Arena 92 , a name that had been used early in the venue 's planning process . The venue offers three separate configurations . In its rugby configuration , it has a nominal seating capacity of 32,000 . For concerts , it is able to seat 40,000 . Finally , a movable stand allows it to also be used for a variety of indoor sports , at various capacities , with a capacity of as low as 5,000 being possible . The venue also includes 33,000 square metres ( 360,000 sq ft ) of office space , 300 student rooms , shops , including a club shop , a brewery and a gourmet restaurant . The arena was built by the French rugby union club , Racing 92 , and replaced their previous stadium , Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ITMO_University", "text": "ITMO University ( Russian : Университет ИТМО , ITMO : Information Technologies , Mechanics and Optics ) is a large state university in Saint Petersburg and is one of Russia 's National Research Universities . ITMO University is one of 15 Russian universities that were selected to participate in Russian Academic Excellence Project 5-100 by the government of the Russian Federation to improve their international competitiveness among the world 's leading research and educational centers . Research priorities of ITMO University are concentrated in information and photonic technologies . The university consists of 18 departments , 7 research institutes and one academy , with a total of 119 chairs . As of April 1 , 2014 , the total number of students is 13,890 , with over 900 being foreign nationals . The university employs 1,163 instructors , including over 800 PhDs . Many of its staff members and researchers have received government awards and designations of honored science worker , the highest in Russia . Vladimir Vasilyev has been the university 's Rector since 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Slovakia", "text": "Slovakia ( /sloʊˈvækiə , -ˈvɑːk-/ ( listen ) ; Slovak : Slovensko [ ˈslɔʋɛnskɔ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Slovak Republic ( Slovak : Slovenská republika , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked country in the eastern part of Central Europe . It is bordered by Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east , Hungary to the south , Austria to the southwest , and the Czech Republic to the northwest . Slovakia 's territory spans about 49,000 square kilometres ( 19,000 sq mi ) and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5.6 million and consists mostly of Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava , and the second-largest city is Košice . The official language is Slovak . The Slavs arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries . In the 7th century they played a significant role in the creation of Samo 's Empire and in the 9th century established the Principality of Nitra , which was later conquered by the Principality of Moravia to establish Great Moravia . In the 10th century , after the dissolution of Great Moravia , the territory was integrated into the Principality of Hungary , which would become the Kingdom of Hungary in 1000 . In 1241 and 1242 , much of the territory was destroyed by the Mongols during their invasion of Central and Eastern Europe . The area was recovered largely thanks to Béla IV of Hungary who also settled Germans who became an important ethnic group in the area , especially in what are today parts of central and eastern Slovakia . After World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the Czechoslovak National Council established Czechoslovakia ( 1918-1939 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mohd_Fairul_Azwan_Shahrullai", "text": "Mohd Fairul Azwan Shahrullai ( born 20 March 1987 in Selangor ) is a Malaysian goalkeeper currently playing for FELDA United F.C . in Malaysia Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Airds,_New_South_Wales", "text": "Airds is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Airds is 56 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City of Campbelltown and is part of the Macarthur region . Airds is a predominantly residential area and the majority of houses within the suburb are owned by Housing NSW ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reunion_Arena", "text": "Reunion Arena was an indoor arena located in the Reunion district of downtown Dallas , Texas . The arena served as the primary home of the National Basketball Association 's Dallas Mavericks and the National Hockey League 's Dallas Stars . Its capacity held accommodations for 18,190 basketball spectators and 17,000 for ice hockey spectators . Reunion was also a performance venue for some of the biggest names in popular music from the 1980s through the late 2000s including Paul McCartney , Michael Jackson , Prince , Frank Sinatra , Elton John , David Bowie , Madonna , Pink Floyd , Queen , U2 , R.E.M . and Radiohead . Reunion Arena was demolished in November 2009 and the site was cleared by the end of the year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Egypt", "text": "Egypt ( /ˈiːdʒɪpt/ ( listen ) EE-jipt ; Arabic : مِصر Miṣr , Egyptian Arabic : مَصر Maṣr , Coptic : Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Khēmi ) , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia by a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula . Egypt is a Mediterranean country bordered by the Gaza Strip ( Palestine ) and Israel to the northeast , the Gulf of Aqaba and the Red Sea to the east , Sudan to the south , and Libya to the west . Across the Gulf of Aqaba lies Jordan , across the Red Sea lies Saudi Arabia , and across the Mediterranean lie Greece , Turkey and Cyprus , although none share a land border with Egypt . Egypt has one of the longest histories of any country , tracing its heritage back to the 6th-4th millennia BCE . Considered a cradle of civilisation , Ancient Egypt saw some of the earliest developments of writing , agriculture , urbanisation , organised religion and central government . Iconic monuments such as the Giza Necropolis and its Great Sphinx , as well the ruins of Memphis , Thebes , Karnak , and the Valley of the Kings , reflect this legacy and remain a significant focus of scientific and popular interest . Egypt 's long and rich cultural heritage is an integral part of its national identity , which has endured , and often assimilated , various foreign influences , including Greek , Persian , Roman , Arab , Ottoman Turkish , and Nubian . Egypt was an early and important centre of Christianity , but was largely Islamised in the seventh century and remains a predominantly Muslim country , albeit with a significant Christian minority . From the 16th to the beginning of the 20th century , Egypt was ruled by foreign imperial powers : The Ottoman Empire and the British Empire . Modern Egypt dates back to 1922 , when it gained nominal independence from the British Empire as a monarchy . However , British military occupation of Egypt continued , and many Egyptians believed that the monarchy was an instrument of British colonialism . Following the 1952 revolution , Egypt expelled British soldiers and bureaucrats and ended British occupation , nationalized the British-held Suez Canal , exiled King Farouk and his family , and declared itself a republic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_United_Methodist_Church_(Hamburg,_Arkansas)", "text": "The First United Methodist Church is a historic church building at 204 S. Main in Hamburg , Arkansas . The brick Gothic Revival building was built in 1910 for Hamburg 's first organized congregation , founded in 1850 , which had previously met in a wood frame building on the same site . It was designed by the Nolley Brothers , who owned a local brickyard , and was based on Gothic Revival designs that one of them had observed at the St. Louis World 's Fair . The original building 's main facade consisted of two towers , one higher than the other , flanking a single-story sanctuary section . Although the main roof spine runs between the towers , there is a large gable between the towers perpendicular to that line facing the front of the building . This gable end is decorated by a stained glass window designed for the church by the Jacoby Art Glass Company of St. Louis . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania's_13th_congressional_district", "text": "The 13th Congressional District of Pennsylvania is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania . The district contains all of Blair County , Huntingdon County , Bedford County , Fulton County , Franklin County , and Adams County . It also includes most of Somerset County , and parts of Westmoreland County , Cambria County , and Cumberland County . Republican John Joyce has represented the district since 2019 . Prior to February 2018 , the district was located in southeastern Pennsylvania , covering eastern Montgomery County and Northeast Philadelphia . The district traditionally included most of Montgomery County , but was redrawn in 2002 to include part of Philadelphia , and altered again in 2012 . The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania redrew the district in February 2018 after ruling the previous map unconstitutional . The old 13th district became the 4th district , and what was the ninth district in the southwest part of the state was modified and redesignated the 13th district , for the 2018 elections and representation thereafter . The district had long been a Republican stronghold , like many suburban districts in the Northeast . However , the brand of Republicanism in this district was a moderate one , and the district ( like the Philadelphia suburbs as a whole ) became friendlier to Democrats during the 1990s as the national party veered to the right . The district has not voted Republican for President since 1988 . In 1992 , the district elected its first Democratic representative in 86 years , Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rạch_Giá_Stadium", "text": "Rạch Giá Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Rạch Giá , Kiên Giang , Vietnam . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Kiên Giang F.C . The stadium holds 10,000 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson,_Missouri", "text": "Jackson is a city in Cape Girardeau County , Missouri , United States . The population was 13,758 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Cape Girardeau County . It is a principal city of the Cape Girardeau-Jackson , MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nobel_Prize_in_Literature", "text": "The Nobel Prize in Literature is a Swedish literature prize that is awarded annually , since 1901 , to an author from any country who has , in the words of the will of Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel , produced in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction ( original Swedish : den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning ) . Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy , the award is based on an author 's body of work as a whole . The Swedish Academy decides who , if anyone , will receive the prize . The academy announces the name of the laureate in early October . It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 . On some occasions the award has been postponed to the following year , most recently in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rex_E._Lee", "text": "Rex Edwin Lee ( February 27 , 1935 - March 11 , 1996 ) was an American lawyer , law clerk for former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Byron White , and the United States Solicitor General during the Reagan administration . He was responsible for bringing the Solicitor General in the center of policymaking . He argued 59 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court . A member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , Lee was an alumnus and the tenth president of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) . Lee was also the founding Dean of the J. Reuben Clark Law School at BYU ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canterbury,_New_Zealand", "text": "Canterbury ( Māori : Waitaha ) is a region of New Zealand , located in the central-eastern South Island . The region covers an area of 44,508 square kilometres ( 17,185 sq mi ) , and is home to a population of 617,700 ( June 2018 ) . The region in its current form was established in 1989 during nationwide local government reforms . The Kaikoura District joined the region in 1992 following the abolition of the Nelson-Marlborough Regional Council . Christchurch , the South Island 's largest city and the country 's third-largest urban area , is the seat of the region and home to 65 percent of the region 's population . Other major towns and cities include Timaru , Ashburton , Rangiora and Rolleston ."}
{"title": "/wiki/38th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 38th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 28 , 1996 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles . The awards recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Alanis Morissette was the main recipient , being awarded four trophies , including Album of the Year . Mariah Carey and Boyz II Men opened the show with their Record of the Year nominated One Sweet Day . The ceremony was controversial for its unexpected snub of Mariah Carey 's Daydream album , which proved to be one of the bestselling and most acclaimed albums of 1995 . When the Grammy Award nominees were announced , and Daydream was nominated for six different awards , critics began raving how it would be cleaning up that year . Carey , being a multiple award nominee , was one of the headlining performers . Together with Boyz II Men , she sang a live rendition of One Sweet Day , to a very positive response . However , as the award winners were announced one by one , Carey watched as her name was not called up even once . Daydream had lost all of its six nominations , shocking most critics who branded it the album of the year . With every passing loss , the television cameras continued to zoom on Carey 's face , who was finding it more difficult to retain her smile . By the end of the night , Carey had not won a single award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gambling", "text": "Gambling ( also known as betting ) is the wagering of money or something of value ( referred to as the stakes ) on an event with an uncertain outcome , with the primary intent of winning money or material goods . Gambling thus requires three elements to be present : consideration ( an amount wagered ) , risk ( chance ) , and a prize . The outcome of the wager is often immediate , such as a single roll of dice , a spin of a roulette wheel , or a horse crossing the finish line , but longer time frames are also common , allowing wagers on the outcome of a future sports contest or even an entire sports season . The term gaming in this context typically refers to instances in which the activity has been specifically permitted by law . The two words are not mutually exclusive ; i.e. , a gaming company offers ( legal ) gambling activities to the public and may be regulated by one of many gaming control boards , for example , the Nevada Gaming Control Board . However , this distinction is not universally observed in the English-speaking world . For instance , in the United Kingdom , the regulator of gambling activities is called the Gambling Commission ( not the Gaming Commission ) . The word gaming is used more frequently since the rise of computer and video games to describe activities that do not necessarily involve wagering , especially online gaming , with the new usage still not having displaced the old usage as the primary definition in common dictionaries . Gaming has also been used to circumvent laws against gambling . The media and others have used one term or the other to frame conversations around the subjects , resulting in a shift of perceptions among their audiences . Gambling is also a major international commercial activity , with the legal gambling market totaling an estimated $ 335 billion in 2009 . In other forms , gambling can be conducted with materials which have a value , but are not real money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Summit_Lake_Ranger_Station", "text": "The Summit Lake Ranger Station , also known as the Summit Lake Patrol Cabin , is one of the first three buildings constructed by the National Park Service in Lassen Volcanic National Park , California . Located near the center of the park on the main park road , the cabin was built in 1926 . It is a log building measuring about 20 feet ( 6.1 m ) by 30 feet ( 9.1 m ) with an asymmetric gable roof that results in a long pitch to a low rear wall . The main portion of the station comprises a living area , kitchen , and two bedrooms . A former porch has been enclosed and houses a bathroom . The Summit Lake Ranger Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 , 1978 . It is a contributing structure on the Lassen Volcanic National Park Highway Historic District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gheorghe_Grozav", "text": "Gheorghe Gicu Teodor Grozav ( Romanian pronunciation : [ ˈɡe̯orɡe teˈodor groˈzav ] ; born 29 September 1990 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a winger or an attacking midfielder for Kisvárda FC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perception_(Art_Farmer_album)", "text": "Perception is an album by flugelhorn player Art Farmer 's Quartet , featuring performances recorded in 1961 and originally released on the Argo label ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mountain_West_Conference", "text": "The Mountain West Conference ( MW ) is one of the collegiate athletic conferences affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) ( formerly I-A ) . The MW officially began operations in July 1999 . Geographically , the MW covers a broad expanse of the Western United States , with member schools located in California , Colorado , Hawaii , Idaho , Nevada , New Mexico , Utah , and Wyoming . Craig Thompson has served as Commissioner of the MW since its founding in 1999 . The charter members of the MW included the United States Air Force Academy , Brigham Young University , Colorado State University , San Diego State University , the University of New Mexico , the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , the University of Utah , and the University of Wyoming . Before forming the Mountain West Conference , seven of its eight charter members had been longtime members of the Western Athletic Conference , and half of these had been charter members of that conference from 1962 . Overall , each school that has ever been either a full or football-only member of the MW spent at least three years in the WAC before joining the Mountain West ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NOLF_Holley", "text": "NOLF Holley , also called Holley NOLF , was a naval outlying landing field of the larger Naval Air Station Whiting Field located within the city limits of the community of Navarre , Florida . The two runways were each 3,600 feet ( 1,097.3 meters ) long , respectively . The runways were restricted to limited military use only ; however , in 2017 , the Gulf Power company was authorized to build a solar power plant on the facility grounds . The plant now provides power for some 18,000 homes . The solar panels completely cover what was once the runways ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_FC_Dallas_season", "text": "The 2015 FC Dallas season is the club 's 20th season in existence in Major League Soccer , the top tier of the American soccer pyramid . Including the Dallas Tornado soccer franchise of the original NASL , this is the 35th season of professional soccer in Dallas . The season saw the team finish first in the Western Conference in the regular season for just the second time ever ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chi_Cheng_(athlete)", "text": "Chi Cheng ( born March 15 , 1944 in Hsinchu , Japanese Taiwan ) , is a Taiwanese track and field athlete . She was an Olympic medalist in 1968 and was named the Associated Press Athlete of the Year for 1970 . She was a former pentathlete turned sprinter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2007", "text": "The 2007 Pro Tour season was the twelfth season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . On 9 February 2007 the season began with Pro Tour Geneva . It ended on 9 December 2007 with the conclusion of the 2007 World Championship in New York . The season consisted of 16 Grand Prixs and 5 Pro Tours , held in Geneva , Yokohama , San Diego , Valencia , and New York . At the end of the season Tomoharu Saitou from Japan was proclaimed Pro Player of the year . At the Worlds in New York the third class of the Hall of Fame was inducted . The inductees were Kai Budde , Zvi Mowshowitz , Tsuyoshi Fujita , Nicolai Herzog , and Randy Buehler ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugrats_Go_Wild", "text": "Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 American animated comedy crossover film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys . It is the third and final animated film in the Rugrats film series as well as the second film in The Wild Thornberrys series . Christine Cavanaugh , the voice of Chuckie Finster , was replaced by Nancy Cartwright . The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Klasky Csupo and released in theaters on June 13 , 2003 , by Paramount Pictures . With a worldwide gross of $ 55.4 million , it is the lowest grossing of the three Rugrats films . The film used Odorama , which allowed people to smell odors and aromas from the film using scratch and sniff cards ( reminiscent of 1960s Smell-O-Vision ) , and it was not used again theatrically for eight years , until the release of Spy Kids : All the Time in the World ."}
{"title": "/wiki/XIII_(Royal_Württemberg)_Corps", "text": "The XIII ( Royal Württemberg ) Army Corps / XIII AK ( German : XIII . ( Königlich Württembergisches ) Armee-Korps ) was a corps of the Imperial German Army . It was , effectively , also the army of the Kingdom of Württemberg , which had been integrated in 1871 into the Prussian Army command structure , as had the armies of most German states . The corps was originally established as the Württemberg Corps Command ( Korpskommando ) in 1817 . It became the XIII Army Corps when it was integrated into the Prussian numbering system on December 18 , 1871 , shortly after the Franco-Prussian War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caetano_Veloso", "text": "Caetano Emanuel Viana Telles Veloso ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ kaeˈtɐ̃nu emanuˈɛw viˈɐ̃nɐ ˈtɛlis veˈlozu ] ; born August 7 , 1942 ) is a Brazilian composer , singer , guitarist , writer , and political activist . Veloso first became known for his participation in the Brazilian musical movement Tropicalismo , which encompassed theatre , poetry and music in the 1960s , at the beginning of the Brazilian military dictatorship . He has remained a constant creative influence and best-selling performing artist and composer ever since . Veloso has won nine Latin Grammy Awards and two Grammy Awards . On November 14 , 2012 , Veloso was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year . Veloso was one of seven children born into the family of José Telles Velloso ( Seu Zeca ) , [ clarification needed ] a government official , and Claudionor Viana Telles Veloso ( Dona Canô ) , [ clarification needed ] a housewife . He was born in the city of Santo Amaro da Purificação , in Bahia , a state in the eastern area of Brazil , but moved to Salvador , the state capital , as a college student in the mid-1960s . Soon after that , Veloso won a music contest and was signed to his first label . He became one of the founders of Tropicalismo with a group of several other musicians and artists - including his sister Maria Bethânia - in the same period . However the Brazilian government at the time viewed Veloso 's music and political action as threatening , and he was arrested , along with fellow musician Gilberto Gil , in 1969 . The two eventually were exiled from Brazil and went to London where they lived for two years . In 1972 , Veloso moved back to his home country and once again began recording and performing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/In_the_Bosom_of_the_Enemy", "text": "In the Bosom of the Enemy ( Tagalog : Gatas . Sa dibdib ng kaaway ) is a 2001 Filipino war drama film directed by Gil Portes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_Ultraviolet_Explorer", "text": "The International Ultraviolet Explorer ( IUE ) ( a.k.a . Explorer 57 ) was an astronomical observatory satellite primarily designed to take ultraviolet spectra . The satellite was a collaborative project between NASA , the UK Science Research Council and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) . The mission was first proposed in early 1964 , by a group of scientists in the United Kingdom , and was launched on January 26 , 1978 aboard a NASA Delta rocket . The mission lifetime was initially set for 3 years , but in the end it lasted almost 18 years , with the satellite being shut down in 1996 . The switch-off occurred for financial reasons , while the telescope was still functioning at near original efficiency . It was the first space observatory to be operated in real time by astronomers who visited the groundstations in the United States and Europe . Astronomers made over 104,000 observations using the IUE , of objects ranging from solar system bodies to distant quasars . Among the significant scientific results from IUE data were the first large scale studies of stellar winds , accurate measurements of the way interstellar dust absorbs light , and measurements of the supernova SN1987A which showed that it defied stellar evolution theories as they then stood . When the mission ended , it was considered the most successful astronomical satellite ever ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Manchester", "text": "Manchester ( /ˈmæntʃɛstər/ ) is a major city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester , England , with a population of 547,627 as of 2018 ( 5th most populous English district ) . It lies within the United Kingdom 's second-most populous urban area , with a population of 2.9 million , and second-most populous metropolitan area , with a population of 3.3 million . It is fringed by the Cheshire Plain to the south , the Pennines to the north and east , and an arc of towns with which it forms a continuous conurbation . The local authority for the city is Manchester City Council . The recorded history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort of Mamucium or Mancunium , which was established in about AD 79 on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell . It is historically a part of Lancashire , although areas of Cheshire south of the River Mersey were incorporated in the 20th century . The first to be included , Wythenshawe , was added to the city in 1931 . Throughout the Middle Ages Manchester remained a manorial township , but began to expand at an astonishing rate around the turn of the 19th century . Manchester 's unplanned urbanisation was brought on by a boom in textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution , and resulted in it becoming the world 's first industrialised city . Manchester achieved city status in 1853 . The Manchester Ship Canal opened in 1894 , creating the Port of Manchester and directly linking the city to the Irish Sea , 36 miles ( 58 km ) to the west . Its fortune declined after the Second World War , owing to deindustrialisation , but the IRA bombing in 1996 led to extensive investment and regeneration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mockumentary", "text": "A mockumentary ( a portmanteau of mock and documentary ) or docucomedy is a type of movie or television show depicting fictional events but presented as a documentary . These productions are often used to analyze or comment on current events and issues by using a fictional setting , or to parody the documentary form itself . While mockumentaries are usually comedic , pseudo-documentaries are their dramatic equivalents . However , pseudo-documentary should not be confused with docudrama , a fictional genre in which dramatic techniques are combined with documentary elements to depict real events . Also , docudrama is different from docufiction ; a genre in which documentaries are contaminated with fictional elements . Mockumentaries are often presented as historical documentaries , with B roll and talking heads discussing past events , or as cinéma vérité pieces following people as they go through various events . Examples emerged during the 1950s when archival film footage became available . A very early example was a short piece on the Swiss Spaghetti Harvest that appeared as an April Fools ' prank on the British television program Panorama in 1957 . The term mockumentary , which originated in the 1960s , was popularized in the mid-1980s when This Is Spinal Tap director Rob Reiner used it in interviews to describe that film . Mockumentaries are often partly or wholly improvised , as an unscripted style of acting helps to maintain the pretense of reality . Comedic mockumentaries rarely have laugh tracks , also to sustain the atmosphere , although exceptions exist . Music is often employed to expose the ambiguities and fallacies of conventional storytelling ; for instance by pointing at the paradoxes of the distinction between diegetic and extradiegetic music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalibak", "text": "Kalibak ( /ˈkælɪbæk/ ) is a fictional deity and supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics . Kalibak is the eldest son of Darkseid , the half-brother of Orion and Grayven , and one of the main enemies of Superman and the Justice League of America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Final_Fantasy_XIII", "text": "Final Fantasy XIII [ a ] is a science fiction role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles and later for the Microsoft Windows operating system . Released in Japan in December 2009 and worldwide in March 2010 , it is the thirteenth title in the mainline Final Fantasy series . The game includes fast-paced combat , a new system for the series for determining which abilities are developed for the characters called Crystarium , and a customizable Paradigm system to control which abilities are used by the characters . Final Fantasy XIII includes elements from the previous games in the series , such as summoned monsters , chocobos , and airships . The game takes place in the fictional floating world of Cocoon , whose government , the Sanctum , is ordering a purge of civilians who have supposedly come into contact with Pulse , the much-feared world below . The former soldier Lightning begins her fight against the government in order to save her sister who has been branded as an unwilling servant to a god-like being from Pulse , making her an enemy of Cocoon . Lightning is soon joined by a band of allies , and together the group also become marked by the same Pulse creature . They rally against the Sanctum while trying to discover their assigned task and whether they can avoid being turned into monsters or crystals at the completion . Development began in 2004 , and the game was first announced at Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) 2006 . Final Fantasy XIII is the flagship title of the Fabula Nova Crystallis collection of Final Fantasy games and is the first game to use Square Enix 's Crystal Tools engine . Final Fantasy XIII received mostly positive reviews from video game publications , which praised the game 's graphics , presentation , and battle system . The game 's story received a mixed response from reviewers , and its linearity compared to previous games in the series was mostly criticized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_W._Limbong", "text": "John W. Limbong ( born 1957 ) is an Indonesian educator and businessman who is the founder and president of the University of International Golden Indonesia . He received a MS in economics in 1982 from Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and subsequently earned a PhD from the University of Utah in 1982 . Limbong says that while a student at BYU , one night he had a dream where Brigham Young visited him and asked him to establish a university in Limbong 's native Jakarta , Indonesia . Limbong vacillated , as he worked for Bank Indonesia for a while , but he later quit that job to pursue this dream ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matchbox_Blues", "text": "Matchbox is a song written and recorded by Carl Perkins and released in 1957 . Blind Lemon Jefferson wrote and recorded a song entitled Match Box Blues in 1927 , which is musically different but which contains some lyric phrases in common . Matchbox was recorded as a rockabilly song by Carl Perkins in December 1956 and by fellow Sun Records performer , Jerry Lee Lewis - who played piano on the original track - in 1958 . The Carl Perkins tune shares some lyrics with 1920s blues songs by Ma Rainey and Blind Lemon Jefferson but the music is totally different . Sam Phillips and Sun Records released the Carl Perkins version as the B-side to Your True Love . Although only the A-side became a record chart hit in 1957 , Matchbox is one of Perkins ' best-known recordings and variety of musicians have recorded the tune ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Five_Senses_(film)", "text": "The Five Senses is a 1999 Canadian drama film directed , written and produced by Jeremy Podeswa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carson_Palmer", "text": "Carson Hilton Palmer ( born December 27 , 1979 ) is a former American football quarterback who played 15 seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) with the Cincinnati Bengals , Oakland Raiders and Arizona Cardinals . He played college football at USC and won the Heisman Trophy in 2002 . The first overall pick in the 2003 NFL Draft , Palmer was chosen by the Bengals , for whom he played eight seasons . During his tenure in Cincinnati , he helped lead the team to its first winning season and playoff appearance in 15 years and was named to two Pro Bowls . Amid declining success and conflicts with Bengals ownership , Palmer was traded to the Oakland Raiders , where he played for two seasons before joining Arizona via another trade . With the Cardinals , Palmer continued his run of dependable but injury-plagued steadiness under center . He enjoyed his most successful year in 2015 , aiding the Cardinals in their advancement to the NFC Championship game , and being named to his third Pro Bowl , in addition to being a second-team All-Pro . Palmer retired following the 2017 regular season after spending much of the league year on injured reserve ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rico_Rex", "text": "Rico Rex ( born 5 October 1976 in Chemnitz ) is a German former pair skater . With former partner Eva-Maria Fitze , he is the 2003 German national champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lötschberg_Tunnel", "text": "The Lötschberg Tunnel is a 14.612 km ( 9.079 mi ) long railway tunnel on the Lötschberg Line , which connects Spiez and Brig at the northern end of the Simplon Tunnel cutting through the Bernese Alps of Switzerland . Its ends are at the towns of Kandersteg ( 2 km away ) in the canton of Berne and Goppenstein in the canton of Valais . The top elevation of the tunnel is 1,240 m ( 4,070 ft ) above sea level , this is the highest point of the main Swiss railway network . Construction began in 1907 and suffered delays by several severe accidents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2008–09_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 2008 season began on January 3 , 2009 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Pittsburgh Steelers defeating the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII , 27-23 , on February 1 , at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rohit_Jugraj_Chauhan", "text": "Rohit Jugraj Chauhan is an Indian writer and director in the Punjabi cinema and Bollywood film industry . He has written screenplay for films like Players . He was assistant director to Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Ram Gopal Varma ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six:_Take-Down_–_Missions_in_Korea", "text": "Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Take-Down - Missions in Korea is a South Korean-made Microsoft Windows game released in July 2001 . The game is not based on the Rainbow Six game timeline ; it is designed for the global market but was not released outside of South Korea . Kama Digital Entertainment bought the Rogue Spear engine to develop this game with major content differences and the game 's events occurring on South Korean soil . In the game , Rainbow is deployed to South Korea and battles seemingly armed terrorists and criminals who have committed various acts , mostly against South Korean nationals . Later , they find out they are actually facing a Yakuza group trying to outsmart them and keep them occupied ."}
{"title": "/wiki/El_Niágara_en_Bicicleta", "text": "El Niágara en Bicicleta ( English : Niagara Falls by Bicycle , literally Niagara Falls on a Bicycle ) is a song written and performed by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and his backup vocal group , 4-40 . The track was released as the third single released from his eighth studio album , Ni Es Lo Mismo , Ni Es Igual ( 1998 ) which Guerra produced by himself . The single became a success on the Top Latin Songs and Latin Tropical Airplay chart where it peaked # 2 . It was the best-performing Latin Tropical Airplay song of 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle", "text": "Seattle ( /siˈætəl/ ( listen ) see-AT-əl ) is a seaport city on the West Coast of the United States . It is the seat of King County , Washington . With an estimated 744,955 residents as of 2018 [ update ] , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America . According to U.S. Census data released in 2018 , the Seattle metropolitan area 's population stands at 3.94 million , and ranks as the 15th largest in the United States . In July 2013 , it was the fastest-growing major city in the United States and remained in the top 5 in May 2015 with an annual growth rate of 2.1% . In July 2016 , Seattle was again the fastest-growing major U.S. city , with a 3.1% annual growth rate . Seattle is the northernmost large city in the United States . The city is situated on an isthmus between Puget Sound ( an inlet of the Pacific Ocean ) and Lake Washington , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) south of the Canada-United States border . A major gateway for trade with Asia , Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America in terms of container handling as of 2015 [ update ] . The Seattle area was inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers . Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers , subsequently known as the Denny Party , arrived from Illinois via Portland , Oregon , on the schooner Exact at Alki Point on November 13 , 1851 . The settlement was moved to the eastern shore of Elliott Bay and named Seattle in 1852 , in honor of Chief Si'ahl of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sven_Salén", "text": "Sven Gustaf Salén ( 7 November 1890 - 29 October 1969 ) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1936 and 1952 Summer Olympics . In 1936 , together with his wife Dagmar Salén , he won a bronze medal in the mixed 6 m class as the helmsman of the boat May Be . Sixteen years later he finished fourth as the helmsman of the boat May Be VII in the same event . Between 1922 and 1962 Salén ran his company Salén Lines . His sailing career was boosted after his team won the 6 m event at the unofficial world championships in 1927 . In 1927 he received the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal . Salén was also a singer-songwriter and a founder , with Ulf Peder Olrog , of the Swedish Song Archive . Two of his songs , Sången till havet ( Song to the Ocean ) and Visa kring slånbom och månskära ( Song of Blackthorn and Crescent Moon ) were recorded by Jussi Björling . In 1931 Salén married Dagmar Mörner , daughter of a baroness . Their son Sven H. Salén ( sv ; born 1939 ) became a lawyer and politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basil_D'Oliveira_Trophy", "text": "The Basil D'Oliveira Trophy is a trophy played for by England and South Africa in the sport of cricket . The trophy is awarded to the team that wins a Test series between the two nations . If the series is a draw , the holder keeps the trophy . It was first contested in the 2004-05 series played in South Africa . The trophy is named for Basil D'Oliveira , a South African born English Test cricketer whose inclusion in the English squad to tour South Africa in 1968-69 led to the cancellation of the tour following objections from South African authorities due to D'Oliveira 's classification as coloured ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jarno_Trulli", "text": "Jarno Trulli ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˈjarno ˈtrulli ] ; born 13 July 1974 ) is an Italian racing driver . He regularly competed in Formula One from 1997 to 2011 , driving for Minardi , Prost , Jordan , Renault , Toyota , Lotus Racing and Team Lotus . His best result in the World Drivers ' Championship was sixth place in 2004 ; this was also the year in which he scored the only win of his Formula One career at the 2004 Monaco Grand Prix . Throughout his Formula One career , Trulli was renowned for his skill in qualifying , regularly achieving far better grid positions than rivals with superior cars to his own . He was also known for his defensive driving style which allowed him to successfully hold off quicker drivers , sometimes for an entire race . The combination of being able to achieve high grid positions in comparatively slow cars and his ability to hold off faster drivers would often result in a line of vehicles forming behind him during a race , which was commonly referred to as the 'Trulli Train ' by commentators , fans and journalists . Trulli was slated to compete in the 2012 Formula One season , but retired before the season began . In 2014-15 he competed in the inaugural season of the FIA Formula E Championship , driving for Trulli GP , a team he founded himself ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo", "text": "Nintendo Co. , Ltd. [ a ] is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics and video game company headquartered in Kyoto . Nintendo is one of the world 's largest video game companies by market capitalization , creating some of the best-known and top-selling video game franchises of all-time , such as Mario , The Legend of Zelda , Animal Crossing , and Pokémon . Nintendo was founded in 1889 by Fusajiro Yamauchi and originally produced handmade hanafuda playing cards . By 1963 , the company had tried several small niche businesses , such as cab services and love hotels , without major success . Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s , Nintendo developed into a video game company in the 1970s . Supplemented since the 1980s by its major divisions Nintendo of America and Nintendo of Europe , it ultimately became one of the most influential in the video game industry and one of Japan 's most-valuable companies with a market value of over $ 37 billion in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wheaton_College_(Illinois)", "text": "Wheaton College is a Christian , residential liberal arts college and graduate school in Wheaton , Illinois . The Protestant college was founded by evangelical abolitionists in 1860 . Wheaton College was a stop on the Underground Railroad and graduated one of Illinois ' first African-American college graduates . Wheaton is noted for its twin traditions of quality academics and deep faith , according to Time magazine and is ranked 20th among all national liberal arts colleges in the number of alumni who go on to earn PhDs . Wheaton is included in Loren Pope 's influential book Colleges That Change Lives . A 2017 article in The Economist described it as one of America 's foremost Christian institutions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colombia", "text": "Colombia ( /kəˈlʌmbiə/ ( listen ) kə-LUM-bee-ə , /-ˈlɒm-/ -⁠LOM- ; Spanish : [ koˈlombja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Colombia ( Spanish : República de Colombia ( help·info ) ) , [ Note 1 ] is a country largely situated in the north of South America , with land and territories in North America . Colombia is bounded on the north by the Caribbean Sea , the northwest by Panama , the south by both Ecuador and Peru , the east by Venezuela , the southeast by Brazil , and the west by the Pacific . It comprises thirty-two departments , with the capital in Bogotá . Colombia is ethnically and linguistically diverse , with its rich cultural heritage reflecting influences by various Amerindian civilizations , European settlement , forced African labor , and immigration from Europe and the greater Middle East . Urban centres are concentrated in the Andean highlands and the Caribbean coast . Colombia has been inhabited by various American Indian peoples since at least 12,000 BCE , including the Muisca , Quimbaya , and the Tairona . Spaniards arrived in 1499 and by the mid-16th century annexed part of the region , establishing the New Kingdom of Granada , with Santafé de Bogotá as its capital . Independence from Spain was achieved in 1819 , but by 1830 the Gran Colombia Federation was dissolved , with what is now Colombia and Panama emerging as the Republic of New Granada . The new sovereign state experimented with federalism as the Granadine Confederation ( 1858 ) , and then the United States of Colombia ( 1863 ) , before the Republic of Colombia was finally declared in 1886 . Panama seceded in 1903 , leading to Colombia 's present borders . Beginning in the 1960s , the country suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict and political violence , both of which escalated in the 1990s . Since 2005 , there has been significant improvement in security , stability , and rule of law ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Auro_University_of_Hospitality_and_Management", "text": "AURO University , formerly AURO University of Hospitality and Management , is a private university located at Surat , Gujarat , India . It was established in 2011 through The Gujarat Private Universities ( Amendment ) Act , 2011 . The university was founded by H.P . Rama , a co-founder of JHM Hotels , which was a US-based hospitality company with operations in USA and India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flemming_Andersen", "text": "Flemming Andersen ( born 2 June 1968 ) is a Danish comics artist best known for Disney comics starring Donald Duck and related characters . Andersen was born in Copenhagen . In his childhood , he enjoyed Scandinavian comics , such as works by the Danish cartoonist Storm P. , and Franco-Belgian comics . As a student , it was clear for Andersen to become a professional artist . After finishing school and military service , he searched for a job as an illustrator , preferably at advertising agencies and newspapers . Andersen learned that the media group Egmont , the Danish publisher for Disney comics , searched for artists . After he sent his illustrations , he was hired by Egmont in 1991 , but not as an advertising illustrator . At first , Andersen wrote the stories for Disney comics , but in 1992 , he started drawing the comics himself . Andersen developed a flashy and action-packed style . His source of inspiration are Disney comics artists such as Carl Barks , Giorgio Cavazzano , Massimo De Vita , and Daniel Branca . Most of his comics feature Donald Duck and other characters in the Duck universe , including Huey , Dewey , and Louie and Scrooge McDuck . Mickey Mouse made a small appearance in the 1994 comic The Tinderbox ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malo_(song)", "text": "Pafuera Telarañas ( English : Out with the Spiderwebs ) is the debut album by Spanish artist Bebe . It was released in 2004 and contains six released singles along with other tracks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salman_bin_Hamad_bin_Isa_Al_Khalifa", "text": "Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , Deputy King , Crown Prince of Bahrain ( Arabic : سلمان بن حمد آل خليفة , born 21 October 1969 ) is the heir apparent and first deputy prime minister of the Kingdom of Bahrain . He is also the deputy supreme commander of the Bahrain Defense Force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/84th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 84th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2011 in the United States and took place on February 26 , 2012 , at the Hollywood and Highland Center Theatre [ a ] in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Brian Grazer and Don Mischer , with Mischer also serving as director . Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the ninth time . He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 76th ceremony held in 2004 . On June 14 , 2011 , Academy president Tom Sherak announced at a press conference that , in an attempt to further revitalize interest surrounding the awards , the 2012 ceremony would feature between five and ten Best Picture nominees depending on voting results , as opposed to a set number of nominees . In related events , the Academy held its third annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12 , 2011 . On February 11 , 2012 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Milla Jovovich . The Artist won five awards , including Best Actor for Jean Dujardin , Best Director for Michel Hazanavicius , and Best Picture , the first silent feature to win an Academy Award for Best Picture since 1927 's Wings , the inaugural winner in 1929 . Other winners included Hugo also with five awards , The Iron Lady with two awards , and Beginners , The Descendants , The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , The Help , Midnight in Paris , The Muppets , Rango , Saving Face , A Separation , The Shore , and Undefeated with one . The telecast garnered more than 39 million viewers in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Santo_André", "text": "Esporte Clube Santo André , also known as Santo André , is a Brazilian football team from Santo André , São Paulo state . Santo André greatest rival is São Caetano , the other team in ABC region . The club 's mascot name is Ramalhão ( Big Ramalho ) after the bandeirante João Ramalho . João Ramalho founded the city of Santo André in 1553 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Pirates", "text": "The Pittsburgh Pirates are an American professional baseball team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . Founded in 1881 under the name Pittsburgh Allegheny , the franchise has won five World Series championships . The Pirates are also often referred to as the Bucs or the Buccos ( derived from buccaneer , a synonym for pirate ) . The team plays its home games at PNC Park , its home since 2001 . The Pirates previously played at Forbes Field from 1909-1970 and at Three Rivers Stadium , so named because of its location near the confluence of the Allegheny , Monongahela , and Ohio rivers , from 1970-2000 . The franchise joined the NL in its eighth season in 1887 and was competitive from its early years , winning three NL titles from 1901 to 1903 , playing in the inaugural World Series in 1903 and winning their first World Series in 1909 behind Honus Wagner . The Pirates have had many ups and downs during their long history , most famously winning the 1960 World Series against the New York Yankees on a series-winning walk-off home run by Bill Mazeroski , the only time that Game 7 of the World Series has ever ended with a home run . They also won the 1971 World Series , led by the talent of Roberto Clemente , and the 1979 World Series under the slogan We Are Family , led by Pops Willie Stargell . After a run of regular-season success in the early 1990s ( winning three straight NL East Division titles ) , the Pirates struggled mightily over the following 20 years , with 20 consecutive losing seasons from 1993 to 2012 - the longest such streak in American professional sports history - before posting a winning record in 2013 of 94-68 , qualifying them for the NL Wild Card . They advanced to the NL Division Series round , where they lost in 5 games to the St. Louis Cardinals . The Pirates made the playoffs in both 2014 and 2015 , losing in the Wild Card Game both times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Computer_Entertainment_Rating_Organization", "text": "The Computer Entertainment Rating Organization ( Japanese : 特定非営利活動法人コンピュータエンターテインメントレーティング機構 , Hepburn : Tokutei Hieiri Katsudō Hōjin Konpyūta Entāteinmento Rētingu Kikō ) ( CERO ) is a Japanese entertainment rating organization based in Tokyo that rates video game content in console games with levels of rating that informs the customer of the nature of the product and for what age group it is suitable . It was established in June 2002 as a branch of Computer Entertainment Supplier 's Association , and became an officially recognized nonprofit organization in December 2003 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruce_Babbitt", "text": "Bruce Edward Babbitt ( born June 27 , 1938 ) is an American attorney and politician from the state of Arizona . A member of the Democratic Party , Babbitt served as the 16th governor of Arizona from 1978 to 1987 , and as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1993 through 2001 . He won election as Arizona Attorney General after graduating from Harvard Law School . He became Governor of Arizona after the death of his predecessor , Wesley Bolin . Babbitt won election to a full term in 1978 and won re-election in 1982 . He helped found the Democratic Leadership Council and sought the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination , but dropped out of the race after the first set of primaries . After his presidential campaign , Babbit served as head of the League of Conservation Voters . He served as the Secretary of the Interior for the duration of Bill Clinton 's presidency . Clinton also strongly considered nominating Babbitt to the Supreme Court after vacancies arose in 1993 and 1994 . After leaving public office in 2001 , Babbitt became an attorney with Latham & Watkins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christy_Mathewson", "text": "Christopher Mathewson ( August 12 , 1880 - October 7 , 1925 ) , nicknamed Big Six , The Christian Gentleman , Matty , and The Gentleman 's Hurler , was a Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher , who played 17 seasons with the New York Giants . He stood 6 feet 1 inch ( 1.85 m ) tall and weighed 195 pounds ( 88 kg ) . He was among the most dominant pitchers in baseball history , and ranks in the all-time top 10 in several key pitching categories , including wins , shutouts , and ERA . In fact , he is the only professional pitcher in history to rank in the top 10 both in career wins and career ERA , if taking 19th-century pitchers ' statistics into account . Otherwise , both Mathewson and Walter Johnson would hold that distinction . In 1936 , Mathewson was elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame as one of its first five members . Mathewson grew up in Factoryville , Pennsylvania , and began playing semiprofessional baseball when he was 14 years old . He played in the minor leagues in 1899 , recording a record of 21 wins and two losses . He pitched for the New York Giants the next season , but was sent back to the minors . He eventually returned to the Giants , and went on to win 373 games in his career , a National League record . He led the Giants to victory in the 1905 World Series by pitching three shutouts . Mathewson never pitched on Sundays , owing to his Christian beliefs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lawkananda_Pagoda", "text": "Lawkananda Pagoda ( Burmese : လောကနန္ဒာစေတီ ; pronounced [ lɔ́ka̰nàɰ̃da̰ zèdì ] ; also spelt Lokananda , literally joy of the world ) is a Buddhist zedi located in Bagan , Burma ( formerly Pagan ) . It was erected on the bank of the Ayeyarwaddy River , and built during the reign of King Anawrahta . It contains a replica of a Buddha tooth relic . The Lawkananda Pagoda festival along with local foodand handicrafts is celebrated in the month of July every year . Since it takes place in the rainy season , very few outside visitors are able to attend the festival . On 24 May 2003 , a bejewelled umbrella ( hti ) was hoisted to the top of the pagoda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mavzuna_Chorieva", "text": "Mavzuna Chorieva ( born 1 October 1992 in Kulob , Tajikistan ) is a Tajikistani boxer . She won bronze at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the lightweight event . Mavzuna Chorieva became the first woman to win an Olympic medal for Tajikistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mike_Tiernan", "text": "Michael Joseph Tiernan ( January 21 , 1867 - November 7 , 1918 ) , nicknamed Silent Mike , was an American professional baseball right fielder . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) exclusively for the New York Giants from 1887 to 1899 . Born in Trenton , New Jersey , his debut game was on April 30 , 1887 . His final game was played on July 31 , 1899 . Tiernan led the National League in home runs in 1890 and 1891 , and compiled a .311 lifetime batting average . He is the Giants ' all-time franchise leader in triples and stolen bases . One of the great home run hitters of the 19th century , he hit 106 of them , which ties him with Hall of Famer Dan Brouthers for fourth most among 19th century ball players ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jizōden_Site", "text": "Jizōden ruins ( 地蔵田遺跡 , Jizōden iseki ) is an archaeological site containing the ruins of a large-scale Yayoi period settlement located in what is now part of the city of Akita in the Tōhoku region of Japan . It also contains artifacts from the Jomon period and the Japanese Paleolithic periods . The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1996 . The site is maintained as an archaeological park with some reconstructed buildings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Incheon_Munhak_Stadium", "text": "The Incheon Munhak Stadium ( also known as Incheon World Cup Stadium or Munhak Stadium ) is a sports complex in Incheon , South Korea and includes a multi-purpose stadium , a baseball park , and other sports facilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dramarama_(film)", "text": "Dramarama ( Icelandic : Villiljós ) is a 2001 Icelandic comedy-drama film directed by Inga Lísa Middleton , Dagur Kári , Ragnar Bragason , Ásgrímur Sverrisson and Einar Thór Gunnlaugsson . It consists of five intertwined episodes , each made by a different director , set in Reykjavík during a power outage . The stories focus on a blind man , a pregnant girl , the driver of a hearse , two recently engaged lovers and a rock band . The film was produced by Zik Zak Filmworks with support from the Icelandic Film Fund . The film was released in Iceland on 19 January 2001 . It was nominated for the Edda Award for best film , screenplay and supporting actor ( Björn J. Friðbjörnsson ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_San_Martín_de_Porres", "text": "Estadio Alberto Gallardo is a football stadium in the Rimac District of Lima , Peru , named after Alberto Gallardo , a former Peruvian football player and manager who played several years for Sporting Cristal . It is the home of football club Sporting Cristal . The stadium was built in the 1960s along the Rímac River for local football use and originally named Estadio San Martín de Porres . Many clubs playing in the Primera División , Segunda División , and district leagues of San Martín de Porres were among the many tenants the stadium had . In 1995 , Sporting Cristal - one of the regular first division tenants of the stadium - decided to lease the venue from the Instituto Peruano del Deporte . The club recently signed a new lease contract for 10 years and will expire in 2022 . The stadium itself has hosted few high-risk matches due to the limited access to the stadium and the low capacity of 20,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990–91_Detroit_Red_Wings_season", "text": "The 1990-91 Detroit Red Wings season saw the team return to the playoffs after missing the previous season , despite winning only thirty-four games . Until the 2016-17 season this was the last season when there were more losses than wins by the Red Wings , who were to set a National Hockey League record for the most consecutive winning seasons during the following two decades ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mons_Ardeshir", "text": "Mons Ardeshir is one of the mountains on the Moon , inside crater King . Its diameter is 8 km . In 1976 it was named after Persian male name Ardeshir ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sébastien_Pérez", "text": "Sébastien Pérez ( born 24 November 1973 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jude_Law", "text": "David Jude Heyworth Law ( born 29 December 1972 ) is an English actor . He has received multiple award nominations including for two Academy Awards , four Golden Globes Awards , two Screen Actors Guild Awards and two British Academy Film Awards . In 2007 , he received an Honorary César and was named a knight of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government , in recognition of his contribution to World Cinema Arts . Born and raised in London , Law started acting in theatre . After finding small roles in feature films , Law gained recognition for his role in Anthony Minghella 's The Talented Mr. Ripley ( 1999 ) , for which he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award . He found further critical and commercial success in Enemy at the Gates ( 2001 ) , Steven Spielberg 's A.I . Artificial Intelligence ( 2001 ) and Sam Mendes ' Road to Perdition ( 2002 ) . He gave an acclaimed performance in the war film Cold Mountain ( 2003 ) , earning him Academy Award , Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations . Law went on to star in several commercially unsuccessful films , including Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow ( 2004 ) and Alfie ( 2004 ) . He then starred in romantic comedies Closer ( 2004 ) and The Holiday ( 2006 ) which were well-received . He also portrayed Dr. Watson in Sherlock Holmes ( 2009 ) and Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows ( 2011 ) . In the 2010s , Law appeared in Repo Men ( 2010 ) and had supporting roles in Contagion ( 2011 ) and the 3D film Hugo ( 2011 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_University", "text": "Duke University is a private research university in Durham , North Carolina . Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838 , the school moved to Durham in 1892 . In 1924 , tobacco and electric power industrialist James Buchanan Duke established The Duke Endowment and the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father , Washington Duke . Duke is often ranked as one of the world 's top 20-25 universities . The Wall Street Journal has also named Duke as the best university for graduate outcomes for several years in a row ( tied with Harvard University and Yale University ) . Several faculty members , affiliates and alumni have been awarded the Nobel Prize in recent years . Notable examples since 2012 include Robert Lefkowitz , Brian Kobilka , Gregg L. Semenza , Paul Modrich , William Kaelin , and George Smith . In 2019 , Clarivate Analytics named 54 members of Duke 's faculty to its list of Highly Cited Researchers . That number places Duke 8th among the world 's universities behind Harvard , Stanford , Chinese Academy of Sciences , Max Planck Society , Broad Institute , UC Berkeley and WUSTL . Duke 's campus spans over 8,600 acres ( 3,500 hectares ) on three contiguous sub-campuses in Durham as well as a marine lab in Beaufort . The West Campus - designed largely by architect Julian Abele - incorporates Gothic architecture with the 210-foot ( 64-meter ) Duke Chapel at the campus ' center and highest point of elevation , is adjacent to the Medical Center . East Campus , 1.5 miles ( 2.4 kilometers ) away , home to all first-years , contains Georgian-style architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yamagata_Prefecture", "text": "Yamagata Prefecture ( 山形県 , Yamagata-ken Japanese pronunciation : [ ja̠ma̠ɡa̠ta̠kẽ̞ɴ ] ) is a prefecture located in the Tōhoku region of Japan . Its capital is Yamagata ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austwick", "text": "Austwick is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8 km ) north-west of Settle . The village is on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park . Before local government reorganisation in 1974 , Austwick parish was within Settle Rural District which was in the County of the West Riding of Yorkshire . According to the Austwick & Lawkland Tithe Map of 21 October 1851 the parish has an area of 8,201 acres ( 33.19 km2 ) of which around a quarter is uncut moorland . The highest point within the parish is at Lord 's Seat on Simon Fell at 2,079 feet ( 634 m ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maluma_(singer)", "text": "Juan Luis Londoño Arias ( born 28 January 1994 ) , known professionally as Maluma , is a Colombian singer , songwriter , and actor signed to Sony Music Colombia , Sony Latin and Fox Music . Born and raised in Medellín , he developed an interest in music at a young age , and began recording songs at age 16 . He released his debut album , Magia , a year later in 2012 . However , his breakthrough album was 2015 's Pretty Boy , Dirty Boy , which led to successful collaborations with artists Thalía , Shakira and Ricky Martin . He released F.A.M.E . in 2018 , to further commercial success . He followed it up with 11:11 , released the next year . Maluma has several singles that have charted within the top 10 on Billboard Hot Latin Songs , including Felices los 4 , Borró Cassette , El Perdedor and Corazón . He has worked with several international artists such as Thalía , Shakira , XXXTentacion , Anitta and Madonna . His collaborative efforts Chantaje with Shakira and Medellín with Madonna have reached the top of the Hot Latin Songs . He has won a Latin Grammy Award , two Latin American Music Awards , and been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album . Musically , Maluma 's songs have been described as reggaeton , Latin trap , and pop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Beachwood,_Ohio", "text": "Beachwood is a city in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States , and a suburb of Cleveland . As of the 2010 census the city 's population was 11,953 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_Stanley_Cup_playoffs", "text": "The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) began on April 12 , 2017 , after the 2016-17 regular season and concluded on June 11 , 2017 , with the Pittsburgh Penguins defeating the Nashville Predators four games to two in the Finals to win the Stanley Cup for the second consecutive year . The Washington Capitals made the playoffs as the Presidents ' Trophy winners for the second consecutive year with the most points ( i.e . best record ) during the regular season . The Detroit Red Wings failed to make the playoffs for the first time since the 1989-90 season , ending the NHL 's longest active playoff streak at 25 consecutive seasons ; the streak was also tied for the third-longest streak in NHL history . The longest active playoff streak moved to the Pittsburgh Penguins with eleven consecutive appearances . The Edmonton Oilers made the playoffs for the first time since 2006 , ending a record-tying playoff drought for a team with ten years missed ( the Florida Panthers also missed the playoffs between 2001 and 2011 inclusively ) . For the first time since 2006 , both Alberta teams , the Oilers and the Calgary Flames , qualified for the postseason in the same year . For the first time since 2013 , and the fourth time since 2002 , all three Eastern Canadian teams ( Montreal Canadiens , Ottawa Senators , and Toronto Maple Leafs ) qualified for the playoffs . In all , five Canadian-based teams made the playoffs , matching 2004 and 2015 , after a season in which none of the seven teams in Canada contended . Five Original Six teams made the playoffs , with only the previously mentioned Red Wings failing to make it . The first round saw eighteen overtime games , eclipsing the previous record of seventeen overtime games in the first round set in 2013 . There were 27 total overtime games in these playoffs , one short of the record set in 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joey_Leung", "text": "Joey Leung Wing-Chung ( 梁榮忠 born September 10 , 1964 ) , is a Hong Kong actor , director , screenwriter / playwright , program host ( TV & Radio ) and drama tutor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mindhorn", "text": "Mindhorn is a British 2016 independent comedy film directed by Sean Foley , written by Julian Barratt and Simon Farnaby , and produced by Steve Coogan and Ridley Scott . It stars Barratt , Farnaby , Essie Davis , Russell Tovey and Andrea Riseborough , with cameo appearances by Kenneth Branagh and Simon Callow as themselves . Barratt plays Richard Thorncroft , a faded television actor drawn into negotiations with a criminal who believes his character Detective Mindhorn is real ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Udhampur", "text": "Udhampur ( ˌʊd̪ʱəmpur ) is a city and a municipal committee in Udhampur District in the Indian Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir . . [ citation needed ] Named after Raja Udham Singh , it serves as the district capital and the Northern Command headquarters of the Indian Army . A Forward Base Support Unit ( FBSU ) of the Indian Air Force is also stationed here . Udhampur is used by the Armed Forces as a transit point between Jammu and Srinagar when travelling by road on National Highway 1A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sun_WorkShop_TeamWare", "text": "Sun WorkShop TeamWare ( later Forte TeamWare , then Forte Code Management Software ) is a distributed source code revision control system made by Sun Microsystems . It was first announced in November 1992 as SPARCworks/TeamWare and ProWorks/TeamWare and made commercially available in 1993 . Last available as part of the Forte Developer 6 update 2 product , TeamWare is no longer being offered for sale , and is not part of the Sun Studio product . TeamWare 's largest deployment was inside Sun itself , where ( bar a few exceptions ) at one point it was the only VCS used . TeamWare had been used to manage Sun 's largest source trees , including those for Solaris and Java , but as part of the process of converting those code bases to open source communities , they were moved to newer revision control systems such as Mercurial . TeamWare features a number of advanced features not found in earlier version control systems like RCS and CVS . In particular , it features a hierarchy of source repositories , and allows atomic updates of multiple files , features found in later version-control systems such as Subversion and Perforce . TeamWare allows distributed development by copying a repository to another which might reside on another machine or network . Developers can then commit changes to the local copy of the repository , periodically integrating accumulated changes in the local repository back into the original repository . TeamWare is implemented as a layer over the older SCCS , which is used to track changes to individual files . TeamWare works only by a system of files accessed by client programs ( interacting without a server ) and most distributed users of a repository access it by means of a mounted networked filesystem such as NFS . Evan Adams was the architectural lead for TeamWare ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhya_Pradesh", "text": "Madhya Pradesh ( MP ; /ˌmʌdjə prəˈdɛʃ/ , Hindi : [ ˈmədʱjə pɾəˈdeːʃ ] ( listen ) ; meaning Central Province ) is a state in central India . Its capital is Bhopal , and the largest city is Indore , with Jabalpur , Gwalior , and Ujjain being the other major cities . Madhya Pradesh is the second largest Indian state by area and the fifth largest state by population with over 75 million residents . It borders the states of Uttar Pradesh to the northeast , Chhattisgarh to the southeast , Maharashtra to the south , Gujarat to the west , and Rajasthan to the northwest . Before 2000 , when Chhattisgarh was a part of Madhya Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh was the largest state in India and the distance between the two furthest points inside the state , Singoli and Konta , was 1500 km . The area covered by the present-day Madhya Pradesh includes the area of the ancient Avanti Mahajanapada , whose capital Ujjain ( also known as Avantika ) arose as a major city during the second wave of Indian urbanisation in the sixth century BCE . Subsequently , the region was ruled by the major dynasties of India . By the early 18th century , the region was divided into several small kingdoms which were captured by the British and incorporated into Central Provinces and Berar and the Central India Agency . After India 's independence , Madhya Pradesh state was created with Nagpur as its capital : this state included the southern parts of the present-day Madhya Pradesh and northeastern portion of today 's Maharashtra . In 1956 , this state was reorganised and its parts were combined with the states of Madhya Bharat , Vindhya Pradesh and Bhopal to form the new Madhya Pradesh state , the Marathi-speaking Vidarbha region was removed and merged with the then Bombay State . This state was the largest in India by area until 2000 , when its southeastern Chhattisgarh region was made as a separate state . The economy of Madhya Pradesh is the tenth-largest state economy in India with ₹8.09 lakh crore ( US $ 110 billion ) in gross domestic product and a per capita GDP of ₹90,000 ( US $ 1,300 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jharkhand", "text": "Jharkhand ( lit . Bushland or The land of forest ) is a state in eastern India . The state shares its border with the states of Bihar to the north , Uttar Pradesh to the northwest , Chhattisgarh to the west , Odisha to the south and West Bengal to the east . It has an area of 79,710 km2 ( 30,778 sq mi ) . It is the 15th largest state by area , and the 14th largest by population . Hindi is the official language of the state . The city of Ranchi is its capital and Dumka its sub capital . The state is known for its waterfalls , hills and holy places ; Baidyanath Dham , Parasnath and Rajrappa are major religious sites . The region has been inhabited since the Mesolithic-Chalcolithic period , as shown by several ancient cave paintings . Even evidence of use of iron started in this region as early as 1400 BCE . The region was under the rule of many sovereign and autonomous ruling dynasties including Maurya , Gupta , Gauda , Pala , Nagvanshi , Khayaravala , Ramgarh Raj , Raksel , Chero and Kharagdiha Zamindari estates . In the 16th century Mughal influence reached the region , and it finally came under the East India Company in the 18th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NBC", "text": "The National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) is an American English-language commercial terrestrial radio and television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal , a subsidiary of Comcast . The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City , with additional major offices near Los Angeles ( at 10 Universal City Plaza ) , Chicago ( at the NBC Tower ) and Philadelphia ( at the Comcast Technology Center ) . The network is one of the Big Three television networks . NBC is sometimes referred to as the Peacock Network , in reference to its stylized peacock logo , introduced in 1956 to promote the company 's innovations in early color broadcasting . It became the network 's official emblem in 1979 . Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States . At that time the parent company of RCA was General Electric ( GE ) . In 1932 , GE was forced to sell RCA and NBC as a result of antitrust charges . In 1986 , control of NBC passed back to General Electric ( GE ) through its $ 6.4 billion purchase of RCA . GE immediately began to liquidate RCA 's various divisions , but retained NBC . Following the acquisition by GE , Bob Wright served as chief executive officer of NBC , remaining in that position until his retirement in 2007 , when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker . In 2003 , French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE , forming NBC Universal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George,_Western_Cape", "text": "George is the second largest city in the Western Cape province of South Africa . The city is a popular holiday and conference centre and the administrative and commercial hub and the capital city of the Garden Route . The city is situated roughly halfway between Cape Town and Port Elizabeth on the Garden Route . It is situated on a 10-kilometre plateau between the Outeniqua Mountains to the north and the Indian Ocean to the south . The former township of Pacaltsdorp , now a fully incorporated suburb , lies to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Delaware", "text": "The University of Delaware ( colloquially UD or Delaware ) is a public research university located in Newark , Delaware . The University of Delaware is the largest university in Delaware . UD offers three associate 's programs , 148 bachelor 's programs , 121 master 's programs ( with 13 joint degrees ) and 55 doctoral programs across its eight colleges . The main campus is in Newark , with satellite campuses in Dover , Wilmington , Lewes , and Georgetown . It is considered a large institution with approximately 18,500 undergraduate and 4,500 graduate students . UD is a privately governed university which receives public funding for being a land-grant , sea-grant and space-grant state-supported research institution . UD is classified as a Doctoral University-Very High Research Activity ( R1 ) by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education . UD is one of the top 100 public institutions for federal obligations [ clarification needed ] in science and engineering and interdisciplinary initiatives in energy science and policy , the environment , and in human health . UD is recognized with the Community Engagement Classification by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching . It is one of only four schools in North America with a major in art conservation . In 1923 , UD was the first American university to offer a study-abroad program . The school from which the university grew was founded in 1743 , making it one of the oldest in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Telecommunications", "text": "Telecommunication is the transmission of signs , signals , messages , words , writings , images and sounds or information of any nature by wire , radio , optical or other electromagnetic systems . Telecommunication occurs when the exchange of information between communication participants includes the use of technology . It is transmitted through a transmission medium , such as over physical media , for example , over electrical cable , or via electromagnetic radiation through space such as radio or light . Such transmission paths are often divided into communication channels which afford the advantages of multiplexing . Since the Latin term communicatio is considered the social process of information exchange , the term telecommunications is often used in its plural form because it involves many different technologies . Early means of communicating over a distance included visual signals , such as beacons , smoke signals , semaphore telegraphs , signal flags and optical heliographs . Other examples of pre-modern long-distance communication included audio messages such as coded drumbeats , lung-blown horns , and loud whistles . 20th- and 21st-century technologies for long-distance communication usually involve electrical and electromagnetic technologies , such as telegraph , telephone , and teleprinter , networks , radio , microwave transmission , optical fiber , and communications satellites . A revolution in wireless communication began in the first decade of the 20th century with the pioneering developments in radio communications by Guglielmo Marconi , who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1909 , and other notable pioneering inventors and developers in the field of electrical and electronic telecommunications . These included Charles Wheatstone and Samuel Morse ( inventors of the telegraph ) , Alexander Graham Bell ( inventor of the telephone ) , Edwin Armstrong and Lee de Forest ( inventors of radio ) , as well as Vladimir K. Zworykin , John Logie Baird and Philo Farnsworth ( some of the inventors of television ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Wilson_Potter", "text": "William Wilson Potter ( December 18 , 1792 - October 28 , 1839 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . William W. Potter was born at Potters Mills , Pennsylvania . He completed preparatory studies in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , and graduated from Dickinson College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania . He studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1814 and practiced his profession . Potter was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Congresses and served until his death , before the assembling of the Twenty-sixth Congress , in Bellefonte . Interment in Union Cemetery in Bellefonte ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashish_Kumar", "text": "Ashish Kumar ( born 1990 ) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad , who won India 's first-ever medals in gymnastics , in October 2010 at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and became the most successful Indian gymnast in Commonwealth Games history , by winning bronze and silver medals in different gymnastic events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bojana_Milošević", "text": "Bojana Milošević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојана Милошевић , born 25 November 1965 ) is a former Serbian basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1988 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Football_Association_of_Slovenia", "text": "The Football Association of Slovenia ( Slovene : Nogometna zveza Slovenije or NZS ) is the governing body of football in Slovenia . It organizes the first division ( 1 . SNL ) , second division ( 2 . SNL ) , third division ( East and West ) , Slovenian Cup , Slovenian Women 's League , and other competitions . It is also responsible for the Slovenia national football team and the Slovenia women 's national football team . It was founded as Ljubljana Football Subassociation on 23 April 1920 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyresövallen", "text": "Tyresövallen , previous known as Bollmoravallen , is a football stadium in Tyresö , Sweden . The main tenants of the stadium are the football team Tyresö FF and the American football team Tyresö AFF Royal Crowns . The stadium holds least 2,700 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berthold_Goldschmidt", "text": "Berthold Goldschmidt ( 18 January 190317 October 1996 ) was a German Jewish composer who spent most of his life in England . The suppression of his work by Nazi Germany , as well as the disdain with which many Modernist critics elsewhere dismissed his anachronistic lyricism , stranded the composer in the wilderness for many years before he was given a revival in his final decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nara_Prefecture", "text": "Nara Prefecture ( 奈良県 , Nara-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kansai region of Honshu . Nara Prefecture has a population of 1,348,930 ( 1 September 2017 ) and has a geographic area of 3,691 km² ( 1,425 sq mi ) . Nara Prefecture borders Kyoto Prefecture to the north , Osaka Prefecture to the northwest , Wakayama Prefecture to the southwest , and Mie Prefecture to the east . Nara is the capital and largest city of Nara Prefecture , with other major cities including Kashihara , Ikoma , and Yamatokōriyama . Nara Prefecture is located in the center of the Kii Peninsula on Japan 's Pacific Ocean coast , and is one of only eight landlocked prefectures . Nara Prefecture has the distinction of having more UNESCO World Heritage listings than any other prefecture in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Regis_Philbin", "text": "Regis Francis Xavier Philbin ( /ˈriːdʒɪs ˈfɪlbɪn/ ; born August 25 , 1931 ) is an American media personality , actor , and singer , known for hosting talk and game shows since the 1960s . After graduating from the University of Notre Dame , he served in the Navy and got his television start serving as a page for the Tonight Show in the 1950s . Philbin gained his first network TV exposure in 1967 as Joey Bishop 's sidekick on The Joey Bishop Show . Sometimes called ( alternatively attributed to James Brown ) the hardest working man in show business , Philbin holds the Guinness World Record for the most time spent in front of a television camera . His trademarks include his excited manner , his New York accent , his wit , and his irreverent ad-libs . Philbin is most widely known as the host of the New York City-based nationally syndicated talk show Live ! with Regis and Kathie Lee starting in 1988 , which became Live ! with Regis and Kelly starting in 2001 , and continued on with former football player Michael Strahan after Philbin 's departure in 2011 . Philbin debuted and hosted Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , Million Dollar Password , and the first season of America 's Got Talent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_California_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss California Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of California in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is part of the Miss Universe Organization , owned by William Morris Endeavor ( also known as WME ) . [ citation needed ] California is in the top 5 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Miss California Teen USA titleholders have been invited to red-carpet movie premieres , such as that for Santa Clause 3 attended by Kylee Lin , and She 's the Man , attended by Jessica Powell . Zoe Hunt of Coronado , California was crowned Miss California Teen USA 2020 on January 26 , 2020 at Arcadia Performing Arts Center in Arcadia . She will represent California for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996–97_NHL_season", "text": "The 1996-97 NHL season was the 80th regular season of the National Hockey League . The Stanley Cup winners were the Detroit Red Wings , who swept the Philadelphia Flyers in four games and won the Stanley Cup for the first time in 42 years . The regular season saw a decline in scoring and rise in the number of shutouts to an all-time record of 127 . This trend continued into the playoffs , during which an all-time record of 18 shutouts were recorded . Only two players , Mario Lemieux and Teemu Selanne , reached the 100-point plateau during the regular season ( compared with 12 who reached the plateau in 1995-96 ) . Many factors , including fewer power plays , more calls of the skate-in-the-crease rule , fewer shots on goal and more injuries to star players than the season before , contributed to the reduction in scoring and skyrocketing in shutouts . Paradoxically , teams averaged more even-strength goals scored ( 174 ) than in 1995-96 ( 172 ) . This was the first time in 30 years - and in the entire expansion era - that the Boston Bruins had a losing record and missed the playoffs , ending a still-unsurpassed North American professional sports streak of 29-straight seasons in the playoffs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darte_un_Beso", "text": "Darte un Beso ( English : Give You a Kiss ) is a 2013 bachata song by American singer Prince Royce . The single became an international hit for Prince Royce in the United States , Latin America and Spain . At the Latin Grammy Awards of 2014 , the song received three nominations including Song of the Year , Record of the Year , and Best Tropical Song . It is also recognized as one of Prince Royce 's signature songs . A 2014 Portuguese-language sertanejo version was made as Te Dar um Beijo with Brazilian musician Michel Teló featuring Prince Royce becoming a hit in its own right in Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pikes_Peak", "text": "Pikes Peak is the highest summit of the southern Front Range of the Rocky Mountains , in North America . The ultra-prominent 14,115-foot ( 4,302.31 m ) fourteener is located in Pike National Forest , 12 miles ( 19 km ) west of downtown Colorado Springs , Colorado . The mountain is named in honor of American explorer Zebulon Pike ( though he was unable to reach the summit ) . The summit is higher than any point in the United States east of its longitude ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Webber", "text": "Mark Alan Webber AO ( born 27 August 1976 ) is an Australian former professional racing driver , who last competed in the FIA World Endurance Championship as a Porsche works driver in LMP1 , in which he won the championship in 2015 . Webber won nine Formula One Grands Prix and finished third in the championship in 2010 , 2011 and 2013 , all of which achieved while driving for Red Bull Racing . After some racing success in Australia driving Formula Ford and Formula Holden , Webber moved to the United Kingdom in 1995 to further his motorsport career . Webber began a partnership with fellow Australian Paul Stoddart , at that time owner of the European Racing Formula 3000 team , which eventually took them both into Formula One when Stoddart bought the Minardi team . He also beat future F1 World Champion Fernando Alonso , then 19 , in the 2000 International Formula 3000 season . Webber made his Formula One debut in 2002 , scoring Minardi 's first points in three years at his and Stoddart 's home race . After his first season , Jaguar took him on as lead driver . During two years with the generally uncompetitive team , Webber qualified on the front two rows of the grid several times and outperformed his teammates . His first F1 win was with Red Bull at the 2009 German Grand Prix , which followed second places at the 2009 Chinese Grand Prix , 2009 Turkish Grand Prix and 2009 British Grand Prix . By the end of 2009 , Webber had scored eight podiums , including another victory in Brazil . His eight podiums in 2009 compares with only two podiums in the first seven years of his career . He added ten more podiums in 2010 , including victories in Spain , Monaco , Britain and Hungary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1968_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics consisted of six events , held 9-17 February at Chamrousse , southeast of Grenoble , France . Jean-Claude Killy of France won all three men 's events , repeating Toni Sailer 's triple-gold of 1956 . Since Killy 's feat , no male alpine ski racer has won three gold medals in a single Olympics . ( Janica Kostelic later won three gold medals in the 2002 Winter Olympics ) . This was the first Olympics with a two-run men 's giant slalom , with one run per day . The women 's giant slalom was one run until 1980 . For the only time , the results from Olympic races were included in the World Cup standings , then in its second season . Following the 1970 season , Olympic and World Championship results were not included in the World Cup points standings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_AIG_Japan_Open_Tennis_Championships", "text": "The 2006 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the 33rd edition of the event known that year as the AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships , and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2006 ATP Tour , and of the Tier III Series of the 2006 WTA Tour . Both the men 's and the women 's events took place at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo , Japan , from 2 October through 8 October 2006 . Roger Federer and Marion Bartoli won the singles titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/América_Futebol_Clube_(MG)", "text": "América Futebol Clube ( also known as América Mineiro or simply América ) is a Brazilian club from Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais . Founded in 1912 , the club preserves its name and crest since its inception . The original home kit colours are white and green only ; the black color was incorporated in the 1970s . The team also played with a red home kit between 1933 and 1942 , as a protest to the introduction of professionalism . It hosts its matches at Independência stadium , being the only professional club in Belo Horizonte to have its own stadium . The club has the third largest fan base among the teams from Minas Gerais . América is one of the most traditional and successful teams from Minas Gerais . It has won the state championship 16 times , and finished as runners-up in another 15 occasions . The first 10 victories were in a row , between 1916 and 1925 , being the national record of successive accomplishments ( together with ABC ) ; the most recent was in 2016 . Other major accomplishments were the Brazilian Second Division in 1997 and 2017 , South-Minas Cup in 2000 , and Brazilian Third Division in 2009 . The club has a long reputation in forming young talents in football . Among others , it has revealed the world-class players Tostão , Éder Aleixo , Yuji Nakazawa , Gilberto Silva , Fred and Danilo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olivier_Panis", "text": "Olivier Panis ( born 2 September 1966 ) is a French professional racing driver . Panis drove in Formula One for ten seasons , scoring one win at the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix for the Ligier team . As of 2019 , he is the last French driver to win a Formula One Grand Prix . He is the father of racing driver Aurélien Panis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portia_de_Rossi", "text": "Portia Lee James DeGeneres ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; 31 January 1973 ) , known professionally as Portia de Rossi , is an Australian-American model , philanthropist , and actress . She is best known for starring as Nelle Porter on the American drama series Ally McBeal ( 1998-2002 ) , for which she won a Screen Actors Guild Award , as Lindsay Bluth Fünke on the American television sitcom Arrested Development ( 2003-2006 , 2013 , 2018-2019 ) , and as Elizabeth North on the American political thriller series Scandal ( 2014-2017 ) . She also portrayed Olivia Lord on the American television drama series Nip/Tuck ( 2007-2009 ) and Veronica Palmer on the American television sitcom Better Off Ted ( 2009-2010 ) . De Rossi is married to comedian , actress , and television host Ellen DeGeneres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pedicab_(band)", "text": "Pedicab is a Filipino electronic rock group based in Manila formed in 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alaska", "text": "Alaska ( /əˈlæskə/ ( listen ) ; Aleut : Alax̂sxax̂ ; Inupiaq : Alaasikaq ; Alutiiq : Alas'kaaq ; Tlingit : Anáaski ; Russian : Аляска , romanized : Alyaska ) is a state located in the northwest extremity of the North American West Coast , just across the Bering Strait from Asia . An exclave of the U.S. , it borders the Canadian province of British Columbia and territory of Yukon to the east and southeast has a maritime border with Russia 's Chukotka Autonomous Okrug to the west . To the north are the Chukchi and Beaufort seas of the Arctic Ocean , while the Pacific Ocean lies to the south and southwest . Alaska is the largest U.S. state by area and the seventh largest subnational division in the world . It is the third least populous and the most sparsely populated state , but by far the continent 's most populous territory located mostly north of the 60th parallel , with an estimated population of 738,432 as 2015 - more than quadruple the combined populations of Northern Canada and Greenland . Approximately half of Alaska 's residents live within the Anchorage metropolitan area . The state capital of Juneau is the second largest city in the United States by area , comprising more territory than the states of Rhode Island and Delaware . Alaska was occupied by various indigenous peoples for thousands of years before the arrival of Europeans . The state is considered the entry point for the settlement of North America by way of the Bering land bridge . The Russians were the first non-native people to settle the area beginning in the 18th century , eventually establishing the colony of Alaska that spanned most of the current state . The expense and difficulty of maintaining this distant possession prompted its sale to the U.S. in 1867 for $ 7.2 million , or approximately two cents per acre ( $ 4.74/km2 ) . The area went through several administrative changes before becoming organized as a territory on May 11 , 1912 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gujarat_University", "text": "Gujarat University is a public state university located at Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . The university is an affiliating university at the under-graduate level and a teaching university at the postgraduate level . It is accredited B++ by NAAC . It was established in 1949 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fishing_industry_by_country", "text": "This page lists the world fisheries production for 2016 and 2005 . The tonnage from capture and aquaculture is listed by country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Annum", "text": "A year is the orbital period of the Earth moving in its orbit around the Sun . Due to the Earth 's axial tilt , the course of a year sees the passing of the seasons , marked by change in weather , the hours of daylight , and , consequently , vegetation and soil fertility . In temperate and subpolar regions around the planet , four seasons are generally recognized : spring , summer , autumn , and winter . In tropical and subtropical regions , several geographical sectors do not present defined seasons ; but in the seasonal tropics , the annual wet and dry seasons are recognized and tracked . A calendar year is an approximation of the number of days of the Earth 's orbital period as counted in a given calendar . The Gregorian calendar , or modern calendar , presents its calendar year to be either a common year of 365 days or a leap year of 366 days , as do the Julian calendars ; see below . For the Gregorian calendar , the average length of the calendar year ( the mean year ) across the complete leap cycle of 400 years is 365.2425 days . The ISO standard ISO 80000-3 , Annex C , supports the symbol a ( for Latin annus ) to represent a year of either 365 or 366 days . In English , the abbreviations y and yr are commonly used . In astronomy , the Julian year is a unit of time ; it is defined as 365.25 days of exactly 86,400 seconds ( SI base unit ) , totalling exactly 31,557,600 seconds in the Julian astronomical year . The word year is also used for periods loosely associated with , but not identical to , the calendar or astronomical year , such as the seasonal year , the fiscal year , the academic year , etc . Similarly , year can mean the orbital period of any planet ; for example , a Martian year and a Venusian year are examples of the time a planet takes to transit one complete orbit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crying_Ladies", "text": "Crying Ladies is a 2003 drama comedy directed by Mark Meily . It stars Sharon Cuneta , Hilda Koronel and Angel Aquino as professional mourners while dealing their very own problems as well . The story revolves around 3 mature women who are in badly need of cash for their family . They would do everything , from crying to funerals to dirty work just to make both ends meet . They were hired by a rich Chinese business family to cry for the patriarch , who died recently . The film also stars Eric Quizon , Ricky Davao and Julio Pacheco . Crying Ladies was released in December 25 , 2003 in the Philippines as an official entry in the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival where it received critical acclaim and favorable reviews for Meily 's directing and the performances . It won a total of 5 awards including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor for Quizon , Best Supporting Actress for Koronel and Best Child Performer for Pacheco . It was also nominated for several categories in the FAMAS Awards and the Gawad Urian Awards . It was the Philippines ' submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , but was not accepted as a nominee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/China", "text": "China ( Chinese : 中国 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó ) , officially the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , is a country in East Asia and is the world 's most populous country , with a population of around 1.428 billion in 2017 . Covering approximately 9,600,000 square kilometers ( 3,700,000 sq mi ) , it is the third largest country by area . [ j ] Governed by the Communist Party of China , the state exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces , [ k ] five autonomous regions , four direct-controlled municipalities ( Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai , and Chongqing ) , and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau . China emerged as one of the world 's first civilizations , in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain . For millennia , China 's political system was based on hereditary monarchies , or dynasties , beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty in 21st century BCE . Since then , China has expanded , fractured , and re-unified numerous times . In the 3rd century BCE , the Qin reunited core China and established the first Chinese empire . The succeeding Han dynasty , which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE , saw some of the most advanced technology at that time , including papermaking and the compass , along with agricultural and medical improvements . The invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) and Northern Song ( 960-1127 ) completed the Four Great Inventions . Tang culture spread widely in Asia , as the new Silk Route brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa . Dynastic rule ended in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution , when the Republic of China ( ROC ) replaced the Qing dynasty . China , as a whole , was ravaged by feudal warlordism and Japan during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chambao", "text": "Chambao were a flamenco-electronic band originally from Málaga , Spain , known for a Flamenco Chill sound that fuses flamenco sounds and palos with electronic music . The name of the band is taken from an improvised form of beach tent that is constructed as a means of sheltering from the wind and sun . The three original members of Chambao were María del Mar Rodriguez Carnero ( La Mari ) , Eduardo Casañ ( El Edi ) and Daniel Casañ ( Dani ) . They made waves in the world music scene with their new brand of flamenco , called flamenco chill , which combined the passion and vocal style of traditional Andalusian flamenco with elements of electronica , specifically chillout . Formed in the early morning hours of the 2001 summer solstice in Malaga , Spain , Chambao first appeared to the greater public on the 2002 Sony compilation Flamenco Chill , to which they contributed eight songs , featuring Mari on vocals and the others on the instrumentation . Two years later their first solo full-length , Endorfinas en la Mente , produced by Italian electronica expert Bob Benozzo , was released , followed the next year by Pokito a Poko , a record on which Dani contributed very little , as he left the group before it was finished . After touring for Pokito a Poko , Edi also decided to depart from the band , leaving Mari alone as the last remaining member . After successfully battling breast cancer , the singer returned to the stage and studio with Chambao , this time with a new seven-piece backing band . In 2007 the band released their fourth studio album Con Otro Aire . Frontwoman La Mari took the helm of composing , arranging and production duties and her African and Mexican influences are clearly audible throughout the record . Chambao returned five years later with their self-titled fifth release . They enlisted Carlos Raya ( Fito & Fitipaldis , M-Clan ) on production duties whose sleek skills complement the bands ambient mixture of flamenco and electronic music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979_Pulitzer_Prize", "text": "The following are the Pulitzer Prizes for 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAF_Skitten", "text": "RAF Skitten is a former Royal Air Force station directly east of the village of Killimster , located 5.1 miles ( 8.2 km ) north east of Watten , Caithness , Scotland and 4.7 miles ( 7.6 km ) northwest of Wick , Caithness , Scotland . On 19 November 1942 , Operation Freshman departed from RAF Skitten ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fabien_Lewis", "text": "Fabien Fari Lewis is a retired professional footballer . He was recently appointed Interim Head Coach of Kaya FC , a professional football team that plays in the United Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J.J._Redick", "text": "Jonathan Clay JJ Redick ( born June 24 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He was selected 11th overall by the Orlando Magic in the 2006 NBA draft . He played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils . In college , Redick was known for his good three-point and free throw shooting . He set ACC records during his career for most points and most career ACC tournament points , though his ACC career points record was subsequently broken at UNC in 2009 . Redick is currently the all-time leading scorer for Duke . He also set several other Duke records , including most points in a single season . Redick 's jersey was retired by Duke on February 4 , 2007 . After being drafted by the Magic , he played for seven seasons in Orlando , followed by a short spell with the Milwaukee Bucks , then four seasons with the Los Angeles Clippers . In 2017 , he signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia 76ers , and re-signed with them on a one-year deal the following year . In 2019 , Redick signed a two-year deal with the New Orleans Pelicans . In addition to his basketball career , Redick is a podcaster , and hosts a basketball and entertainment podcast for The Ringer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jonathan_Rhys_Meyers", "text": "Jonathan Rhys Meyers ( born Jonathan Michael Francis O'Keeffe ; 27 July 1977 ) is an Irish actor . He is known for his roles in the films Velvet Goldmine ( 1998 ) , Bend It Like Beckham ( 2002 ) , Match Point ( 2005 ) , Mission : Impossible III ( 2006 ) and his television roles as Elvis Presley in the biographical miniseries Elvis ( 2005 ) , which earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Miniseries or Television Film , and as King Henry VIII in the historical drama The Tudors ( 2007-10 ) . He has been the face model for several Hugo Boss fragrances advertising campaigns . In 2013 , Meyers appeared as the villain Valentine Morgenstern in The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones , based on Cassandra Clare 's novel , City of Bones . He also starred in the NBC drama series Dracula ( 2013-14 ) as the title character , and appeared in the 2015 film Stonewall , directed by Roland Emmerich ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tegucigalpa", "text": "Tegucigalpa ( UK : /tɛˌɡuːsɪˈɡælpə/ , US : /təˌ-/ , Spanish : [ teɣusiˈɣalpa ] ) , formally Tegucigalpa , Municipality of the Central District ( Spanish : Tegucigalpa , Municipio del Distrito Central or Tegucigalpa , M.D.C. ) , and colloquially referred to as Tegus or Teguz , is the capital and largest city of Honduras along with its twin sister , Comayagüela . Claimed on 29 September 1578 by the Spaniards , Tegucigalpa became the country 's capital on October 30 , 1880 , under President Marco Aurelio Soto , when he moved the capital from Comayagua . The current Constitution of Honduras , enacted in 1982 , names the sister cities of Tegucigalpa [ a ] and Comayagüela [ b ] as a Central District [ c ] to serve as the permanent national capital , under articles 8 and 295 . After the dissolution of the Federal Republic of Central America in 1841 , Honduras became an individual sovereign nation with Comayagua as its capital . The capital was moved to Tegucigalpa in 1880 . On January 30 , 1937 , Article 179 of the 1936 Honduran Constitution was changed under Decree 53 to establish Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela as a Central District . Tegucigalpa is located in the southern-central highland region known as the department of Francisco Morazán of which it is also the departmental capital . It is situated in a valley , surrounded by mountains . Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela , being sister cities , are physically separated by the Choluteca River . The Central District is the largest of the 28 municipalities in the Francisco Morazán department . Tegucigalpa is Honduras ' largest and most populous city as well as the nation 's political and administrative center . Tegucigalpa is host to 25 foreign embassies and 16 consulates ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California", "text": "California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles ( 423,970 km2 ) , California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area . The state capital is Sacramento . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions , with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second-most populous , after New York City . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County . The City and County of San Francisco is both the country 's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . California 's economy , with a gross state product of $ 3.0 trillion , is the largest sub-national economy in the world . If it were a country , California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world ( larger than the United Kingdom , France , or India ) , and the 36th-most populous as of 2017 [ update ] . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and third-largest urban economies ( $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.0 trillion respectively as of 2018 [ update ] ) , after the New York metropolitan area . The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation 's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ( $ 106,757 ) among large primary statistical areas , and is home to three of the world 's ten largest companies by market capitalization and three of the world 's ten richest people . California culture is considered a global trendsetter in popular culture , communication , information , innovation , environmentalism , economics , politics , and entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bebe_stores", "text": "Bebe Stores , Inc. ( stylized as bebe stores , inc. ; pronunciation : /biːbiː/ ) is a women 's retail brand that was established in 1976 . The brand develops and produces a line of women 's apparel , accessories , and perfume fragrances , which it markets under the bebe or Bebe Sport or Bebe Outlet names . On April 21 , 2017 , bebe announced it would close its remaining 168 brick-and-mortar locations to sell products online as web sales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Church_of_St_Mary,_Chedzoy", "text": "The Anglican Church of St Mary in Chedzoy , Somerset , England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a grade I listed building . There is evidence of a Church in Chedzoy in 1166 when it was given along with the parent church in North Petherton to Buckland Priory . The tower dates from the early 16th century when the porch , clerestory , the arch into the north transept , and the windows in the north aisle were added . Much of the current building is from the 17th century , although the Norman chancel , chancel arch and doorway remain . It was extensively remodelled by William Butterfield in 1861 . A late medieval screen and rood loft were removed around 1841 . The font has survived since the 13th century . The pulpit is from the 16th century . Amongst the memorials is a brass believed to commemorate Richard Sydenham who died in 1499 . Local tradition says that the church still bears marks form the forces of the Duke of Monmouth during the Monmouth Rebellion who sharpened their swords before battle , however this is unlikely to be the true source of the marks . The parish is part of the benefice of Westonzoyland with Chedzoy within the Sedgemoor deanery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_Jia-A_League_1995", "text": "The 1995 Chinese Jia-A League ( known as Marlboro Jia-A League for sponsorship reasons ) was the second season of professional association football and the 34th top-tier overall league season held in China . Starting on April 16th 1995 and ending on November 19th 1995 the league saw Shanghai Shenhua win the championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Collegiate_Water_Polo_Association", "text": "The Collegiate Water Polo Association is a conference of colleges and universities in the Eastern United States that sponsor 19 men 's teams and 17 women 's teams that compete in varsity water polo . The winners of the conference tournaments earn one of the four spots in the NCAA Men 's Water Polo Championship and one of the eight spots in the NCAA Women 's Water Polo Championship . The CWPA sponsors club team competition in 17 men 's divisions and 13 women 's divisions across the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fawkner_SC", "text": "Fawkner Soccer Club is an Australian soccer club from Fawkner , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria . The club was formed in 1967 by local Italian Australians after Fawkner SC separated from Fawkner Blues now known as Manningham United FC . After being granted full ownership of CB Smith Reserve the re-branded Fawkner Soccer Club fielded their rebuilt senior side in 2012 . In 2015 , Fawnker were crowned champions of the State League Division 4 North , earning promotion to the State League Division 3 North-West ."}
{"title": "/wiki/José_María_Olazábal", "text": "José María Olazábal Manterola ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xoˈse maˈɾia olaˈθaβal manteˈɾola ] , Basque : [ olas̻abal ] ; born 5 February 1966 ) is a Spanish professional golfer from the Basque region who has enjoyed success on both the European Tour and the PGA Tour , and has won two major championships , both at The Masters . In 2012 he captained Europe 's Ryder Cup team to a narrow victory over the US , which seemed improbable at the start of the final day 's play when the Europeans trailed 10-6 . They came back to win 14½-13½ . Olazábal was very emotional with the win , saying in an interview that that was his number one happiest golf moment and happiest moment of his life . The win was inspired by his late friend Seve Ballesteros , to whom he dedicated the win ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_S._Kaufman", "text": "George Simon Kaufman ( 16 November 1889 - 2 June 1961 ) was an American playwright , theatre director and producer , humorist , and drama critic . In addition to comedies and political satire , he wrote several musicals for the Marx Brothers and others . He won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the musical Of Thee I Sing ( with Morrie Ryskind and Ira Gershwin ) in 1932 , and won again in 1937 for the play You Ca n't Take It with You ( with Moss Hart ) . He also won the Tony Award for Best Director in 1951 for the musical Guys and Dolls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Contemporary_R&B", "text": "Contemporary R & B ( also known as simply R & B ) is a music genre that combines elements of rhythm and blues , pop , soul , funk , hip hop and electronic music . The genre features a distinctive record production style , drum machine-backed rhythms , pitch corrected vocals , and a smooth , lush style of vocal arrangement . Electronic influences are becoming an increasing trend and the use of hip hop or dance-inspired beats are typical , although the roughness and grit inherent in hip hop may be reduced and smoothed out . Contemporary R & B vocalists are often known for their use of melisma , popularized by vocalists such as Michael Jackson , R. Kelly , Craig David , Stevie Wonder , Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey . As of late , contemporary R & B rhythms are being combined with elements of hip-hop and pop music ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austrian_Empire", "text": "The Austrian Empire ( Austrian German : Kaiserthum Oesterreich , modern spelling Kaisertum Österreich ) was a Central European multinational great power from 1804 to 1867 , created by proclamation out of the realms of the Habsburgs . During its existence , it was the third most populous empire after the Russian Empire and the United Kingdom in Europe . Along with Prussia , it was one of the two major powers of the German Confederation . Geographically , it was the third largest empire in Europe after the Russian Empire and the First French Empire ( 621,538 square kilometres ; 239,977 sq mi ) . Proclaimed in response to the First French Empire , it partially overlapped with the Holy Roman Empire until the latter 's dissolution in 1806 . The Kingdom of Hungary - as Regnum Independens - was administered by its own institutions separately from the rest of the empire . After Austria was defeated in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 , the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 was adopted , joining together the Kingdom of Hungary and the Empire of Austria to form Austria-Hungary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/André_Auffray", "text": "André Auffray ( born Alexandre Offray ; 2 September 1884 - 3 November 1953 ) was a French racing cyclist . At the 1908 Olympics he won a gold medal in the tandem , together with Maurice Schilles , and a bronze in the 5000 m event ; he also competed in the individual sprint and in the 1,980 yard team pursuit . In sprint events , he won the Paris championships in 1907 , placing third in 1908 and 1909 , and placed second at the world championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKYC-FM", "text": "CKYC-FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 93.7 FM in Owen Sound , Ontario . The station airs a country music format branded as Country 93 , primarily for Grey-Bruce Counties but also serving northern parts of Huron and Wellington Counties . The station is known for its active support of local country music , as well as bringing national and international country music acts to Grey and Bruce counties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2016_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_400_metres", "text": "The women 's 400 metres event at the 2016 Summer Olympics took place between 13-15 August at the Olympic Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rumpler_C.IV", "text": "The Rumpler C.IV was a German single-engine , two-seat reconnaissance biplane . The C.IV was a development of C.III with different tail surfaces and using a Mercedes D.IVa engine in place of C.III 's Benz Bz.IV . In addition to the parent company , the aircraft was also built by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke as the Pfalz C.I . Another variant of the basic design was the Rumpler 6B 2 single-seat floatplane fighter , with a 120 kW ( 160 hp ) Mercedes D.III engine , built for the Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ) . For a two-seater reconnaissance aircraft , Rumpler C.IV had an excellent performance , which enabled it to remain in front-line service until the end of World War I on the Western Front , as well as in Italy and Palestine . Its exceptional ceiling allowed pilots to undertake reconnaissance secure in the knowledge that few allied aircraft could reach it . 300 aircraft were licence-built by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke as the Pfalz C.I , differing in ailerons on all four wings . From February 1917 they were renamed Rumpler C.IV ( Pfal ) . For use during filming , Slingsby Sailplanes built two Slingsby T.58 Rumpler C.IV replicas . While these were visually similar to the original aircraft , they were structurally completely different , having a steel-tube fuselage structure and wooden wings , and being powered by a de Havilland Gipsy Major engine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alex_Cuba", "text": "Alexis Puentes ( born 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Alex Cuba , is a Cuban-Canadian singer-songwriter who sings in Spanish and English . He has won two Juno Awards for World Music Album of the Year : in 2006 for Humo de Tabaco , and in 2008 for his second album , Agua del Pozo . In 2010 he won the Latin Grammy for Best New Artist . His 2015 album , Healer , earned him a Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album and a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2016", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2016 , honouring Canadian music achievements , were presented in Calgary the weekend of 2-3 April 2016 . The ceremonies were held at the Scotiabank Saddledome , and televised on CTV . It was the first televised awards show to be broadcast in 4K ultra high-definition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montserrat_Carulla", "text": "Montserrat Carulla i Ventura ( born 1930 ) is a Catalan actress . Coming from the amateur theatre , she completed her training with courses at the Institut del Teatre de Barcelona ( Barcelona Theatre Institute ) at the end of the 1940s . However , it was not until 1960 that she began to work in the professional theatre with Soparem a casa ( We 'll Dine at Home ) , by Josep Maria de Sagarra . After two seasons in Madrid , she returned to Barcelona in 1964 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tampa_Bay_Rays", "text": "The Tampa Bay Rays are an American professional baseball team based in St. Petersburg , Florida . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) East division . Since its inception , the team 's home venue has been Tropicana Field . Following nearly three decades of unsuccessfully trying to gain an expansion franchise or enticing existing teams to relocate to the Tampa Bay Area , an ownership group led by Vince Naimoli was approved on March 9 , 1995 . The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in the 1998 Major League Baseball season . Their first decade of play , however , was marked by futility ; they finished in last place in the AL East in all but the 2004 season , when they finished second to last . Following the 2007 season , Stuart Sternberg , who had purchased controlling interest in the team from Vince Naimoli two years earlier , changed the team 's name from Devil Rays to Rays , now meant to primarily refer to a burst of sunshine rather than a manta ray , though a manta ray logo remains on the uniform sleeves . The 2008 season saw the Tampa Bay Rays post their first winning season , their first AL East championship , and their first pennant ( defeating the rival Boston Red Sox in the ALCS ) , though they lost to the Philadelphia Phillies in that year 's World Series . Since then , the Rays have played in the postseason in 2010 , 2011 , 2013 , and 2019 . The Tampa Bay Rays ' chief rivals are the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees . Regarding the former , there have been several notable on-field incidents . The Rays also have an intrastate interleague rivalry with the National League ( NL ) 's Miami Marlins ( originally the Florida Marlins ) , whom they play in the Citrus Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Graz", "text": "Graz ( /ɡrɑːts/ GRAHTS , German : [ ɡʁaːts ] ( listen ) ; Slovene : Gradec ) is the capital city of Styria and Austria 's second-largest city after Vienna . As of 1 January 2019 , Graz had a population of 328,276 ( 292,269 of whom had principal-residence status ) . In 2015 , the population of the Graz larger urban zone ( LUZ ) stood at 633,168 , based on principal-residence status . Graz has a long tradition as a seat of higher education . It has four colleges and four universities with more than 60,000 students . Its historic centre ( Altstadt ) is one of the best-preserved city centres in Central Europe . For centuries , Graz was more important to Slovenes and Croats , both politically and culturally , than the capitals of Ljubljana , Slovenia and Zagreb , Croatia ; it remains influential to this day . In 1999 , the city 's historic centre was added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites and in 2010 the designation was expanded to include Eggenberg Palace ( German : Schloss Eggenberg ) on the western edge of the city . Graz was designated the Cultural Capital of Europe in 2003 and became a City of Culinary Delights in 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eswatini", "text": "Eswatini ( /ˌɛswɑːˈtiːni/ ESS-wah-TEE-nee ; Swazi : eSwatini [ ɛswáˈtʼiːni ] ) , officially the Kingdom of Eswatini ( Swazi : Umbuso weSwatini ) and also known as Swaziland ( /ˈswɑːzilænd/ SWAH-zee-land ; officially renamed in 2018 ) , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa . It is bordered by Mozambique to its northeast and South Africa to its north , west , and south . At no more than 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north to south and 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east to west , Eswatini is one of the smallest countries in Africa ; despite this , its climate and topography are diverse , ranging from a cool and mountainous highveld to a hot and dry lowveld . The population is composed primarily of ethnic Swazis . The language is Swazi ( siSwati in native form ) . The Swazis established their kingdom in the mid-18th century under the leadership of Ngwane III . The country and the Swazi take their names from Mswati II , the 19th-century king under whose rule Swazi territory was expanded and unified ; the present boundaries were drawn up in 1881 in the midst of the Scramble for Africa . After the Second Boer War , the kingdom , under the name of Swaziland , was a British protectorate from 1903 until it regained its independence on 6 September 1968 . In April 2018 , the official name was changed from Kingdom of Swaziland to Kingdom of Eswatini , mirroring the name commonly used in Swazi . The government is an absolute monarchy , ruled by King Mswati III since 1986 . Elections are held every five years to determine the House of Assembly and the Senate majority . The current constitution was adopted in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Langkawi_Stadium", "text": "Langkawi Stadium is a stadium in Langkawi , Kedah . It was built by the Langkawi Development Authority LADA for recreational facilities in the area of Langkawi . The stadium is located in the Langkawi Sport Centre . The stadium has 2 parts of roof which cover almost 50% of the stadium . The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Codex_Arundel", "text": "Codex Arundel , ( British Library , Arundel , 263 ) is a bound collection of pages of notes written by Leonardo da Vinci and dating mostly from between 1480 and 1518 . The codex contains a number of treatises on a variety of subjects , including mechanics and geometry . The name of the codex came from the Earl of Arundel , who acquired it in Spain in the 1630s . It forms part of the British Library Arundel Manuscripts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albany,_Georgia", "text": "Albany is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia . Located on the Flint River , it is the seat of Dougherty County . Located in southwest Georgia , it is the principal city of the Albany , Georgia metropolitan area . The population was 77,434 at the 2010 U.S. Census , making it the eighth-largest city in the state . It became prominent in the nineteenth century as a shipping and market center , first served by riverboats and then by railroads . Seven lines met in Albany , and it was a center of trade in the Southeast . It is part of the Black Belt ( geological formation ) , the extensive area in the Deep South of cotton plantations . From the mid-20th century , it received military investment during World War II and after , that helped develop the region . Albany and this area were prominent during the civil rights era , particularly during the early 1960s as activists worked to regain voting and other civil rights . Railroad restructuring and reduction in the military here caused job losses , but the city has developed new businesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Penguin_(character)", "text": "The Penguin ( Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot ) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman . The character made his first appearance in Detective Comics # 58 ( December 1941 ) and was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger . The Penguin is one of Batman 's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman 's rogues gallery . The Penguin is a Gotham City mobster who fancies himself the Gentleman of Crime . He is most often seen wearing a monocle , top hat , and tuxedo while carrying his signature umbrella . The character appears most times as a short , obese man with a long nose . Penguin uses high-tech umbrellas as different tools . His umbrellas have been used as guns , gas guns , swords/knives , a mini-helicopter and many other unconventional tools . The Penguin owns and runs a nightclub called the Iceberg Lounge which provides a cover for his criminal activity . Batman sometimes uses the nightclub as a source of criminal underworld information . Unlike most of Batman 's rogues gallery , the Penguin is completely sane and in full control of his actions , giving him a unique relationship with Batman . According to his creator Bob Kane , the character was inspired by the advertising mascot of Kool cigarettes in the 1940s ; a penguin with a top hat and cane ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Committed_(group)", "text": "Committed is an a cappella group of six male vocalists from Huntsville , Alabama , all students at Oakwood University , a historically black Seventh-day Adventist school in Huntsville . The group - Therry Thomas , Dennis Baptiste , Tommy Gervais , Geston Pierre , Robert Pressley and Maurice Staple - began singing together in 2003 , inspired by another a cappella group that originated at Oakwood , Take 6 . The group won the second season of the musical competition The Sing-Off . They won the title on the finale broadcast on December 20 , 2010 broadcast on NBC , singing a vocal a cappella arrangement of We Are the Champions from Queen . The singing group released their self-titled album Committed on Epic Records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anupama_(1981_film)", "text": "Anupama is a 1981 Indian Kannada language romance-drama film , directed by Renuka Sharma and written by Vietnam Veedu Sundaram . The film stars Anant Nag and Madhavi in the lead roles . The film had a successful score and soundtrack composed by C. Ashwath and L. Vaidyanathan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Patrol_Squadron_16", "text": "VP-16 , nicknamed the War Eagles , is an active Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy . It has been based at NAS Jacksonville , Florida since its founding in 1946 . The squadron 's mission is to operate Maritime patrol aircraft to the fleet in support of national interests . Originally established as Reserve Patrol Squadron 906 ( VP-906 ) in May 1946 , it was redesignated Medium Seaplane Squadron 56 ( VP-ML-56 ) on 15 November 1946 , redesignated Patrol Squadron 741 ( VP-741 ) in February 1950 and redesignated Patrol Squadron 16 ( VP-16 ) on 4 February 1953 . It is the third squadron to be designated VP-16 ; the first VP-16 was redesignated VP-41 on 1 July 1939 and the second VP-16 was redesignated VPB-16 on 1 October 1944 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009–10_New_Jersey_Devils_season", "text": "The 2009-10 New Jersey Devils season is the team 's 28th season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) since the franchise relocated to New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sebastián_Yatra", "text": "Sebastián Obando Giraldo ( born October 15 , 1994 ) , known professionally as Sebastián Yatra , is a Colombian singer and songwriter . He began as a Latin pop artist and has recorded many ballads , but has released several successful reggaeton singles . Yatra is noted for his romantic lyrics , melding traditional lyricism with modern reggaeton styles . He rose to prominence in Latin America in 2016 when he released the hit Traicionera . Born in Medellín and raised primarily in Miami , Yatra began singing at a young age and returned to Colombia to begin his musical career . He achieved breakout success with Traicionera followed by Robarte un Beso featuring Carlos Vives . He then released the album Fantasia including the lead single Un Año featuring Mexican band Reik . He received continued success collaborating with Daddy Yankee , Natti Natasha , and the Jonas Brothers on the bilingual single Runaway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Capitals", "text": "The Washington Capitals ( colloquially known as the Caps ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Washington , D.C . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The Capitals are owned by Monumental Sports & Entertainment , headed by Ted Leonsis . From 1974 to 1997 the Capitals played their home games at the Capital Centre , in Landover , Maryland ( a suburb in the Washington metropolitan area ) . In 1997 the team moved to the arena now called Capital One Arena , their present home arena in Washington , D.C . The Capitals were founded in 1974 as an expansion franchise , alongside the Kansas City Scouts . Since purchasing the team in 1999 , Leonsis revitalized the franchise by drafting star players such as Alexander Ovechkin , Nicklas Backstrom , Mike Green and Braden Holtby . The 2009-10 Capitals won the franchise 's first Presidents ' Trophy for being the team with the most points at the end of the regular season . They won it a second time in 2015-16 , and did so for a third time the following season in 2016-17 . In addition to twelve division titles and three Presidents ' Trophies , the Capitals have reached the Stanley Cup Finals in 1998 and 2018 , winning in the latter . The Capitals have retired the use of four numbers in honor of four players . In addition , the team holds an association with a number of individuals inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jo_Joyner", "text": "Joanne Mary Jo Joyner ( born 24 May 1977 ) is an English actress . She is known for her roles as Tanya Branning in the BBC soap opera EastEnders and Mandy Carter in Channel 4 drama Ackley Bridge . Since 2018 she has played the leading role of Luella Shakespeare in BBC crime drama Shakespeare & Hathaway : Private Investigators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Drifters", "text": "The Drifters are an American doo-wop and R & B/soul vocal group . They were originally formed as a backing group for Clyde McPhatter , formerly the lead tenor of Billy Ward and his Dominoes in 1953 . According to Rolling Stone magazine , the Drifters were the least stable of the great vocal groups , as they were low-paid musicians hired by George Treadwell , who owned the Drifters ' name from 1955 , after McPhatter left . There have been 60 vocalists in the history of the Treadwell Drifters line , including several splinter groups by former Drifters members ( not under Treadwell 's management ) . These groups are usually identified with a possessive credit such as Bill Pinkney 's Original Drifters , Charlie Thomas ' Drifters . There were three golden eras of the Drifters ; the early 1950s , the 1960s , and the early 1970s ( post-Atlantic period ) . From these , the first Drifters , formed by Clyde McPhatter , was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame as The Drifters . The second Drifters , featuring Ben E. King , was separately inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame as Ben E. King and the Drifters . In their induction , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame selected four members from the first Drifters , two from the second Drifters , and one from the post-Atlantic Drifters . According to the Vocal Group Hall of Fame : Through turmoil and changes , the ( original ) Drifters managed to set musical trends and give the public 13 chart hits , most of which are legendary recordings today . Matching that feat , subsequent formations of the Drifters recorded 13 Billboard Hot 100 top 30 chart hits . The 1950s and 60s incarnations of the group were also a force on the US R & B charts , notching six number one R & B hits : Money Honey ( 1953 ) , Honey Love ( 1954 ) , Adorable ( 1955 ) , There Goes My Baby ( 1959 ) , Save The Last Dance For Me ( 1960 ) and Under The Boardwalk ( 1964 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_Jersey_Legislative_Districts,_2001_apportionment", "text": "The members of the New Jersey Legislature are chosen from 40 electoral districts . Each district elects one Senator and two Assemblymen . New Jersey is one of only seven states with nested state legislative districts , in which the lower house 's districts are coextensive with a single state Senate seat . In New Jersey , each district elects one Senator and two Assembly members . ( States which have similar practices are Arizona , Idaho , Maryland , North Dakota , South Dakota and Washington ) . Districts are reapportioned decennially by the New Jersey Apportionment Commission following each United States Census , as provided by Article IV , Section III of the state Constitution . The legislative districts listed below went into effect with the swearing in of the 210th Legislature in 2002 . They were used for regular elections from 2001 through 2009 ( special elections through 2010 ) , following the 2000 United States Census . The November 2011 elections were held for representatives of districts defined in the 2011 apportionment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Programming_language", "text": "A programming language is a formal language , which comprises a set of instructions that produce various kinds of output . Programming languages are used in computer programming to implement algorithms . Most programming languages consist of instructions for computers . There are programmable machines that use a set of specific instructions , rather than general programming languages . Early ones preceded the invention of the digital computer , the first probably being the automatic flute player described in the 9th century by the brothers Musa in Baghdad , during the Islamic Golden Age . Since the early 1800s , programs have been used to direct the behavior of machines such as Jacquard looms , music boxes and player pianos . The programs for these machines ( such as a player piano 's scrolls ) did not produce different behavior in response to different inputs or conditions . Thousands of different programming languages have been created , and more are being created every year . Many programming languages are written in an imperative form ( i.e. , as a sequence of operations to perform ) while other languages use the declarative form ( i.e . the desired result is specified , not how to achieve it ) . The description of a programming language is usually split into the two components of syntax ( form ) and semantics ( meaning ) . Some languages are defined by a specification document ( for example , the C programming language is specified by an ISO Standard ) while other languages ( such as Perl ) have a dominant implementation that is treated as a reference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shakira", "text": "Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll ( /ʃəˈkɪərə/ ; Spanish : [ ʃaˈkiɾa ] ; born February 2 , 1977 ) is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , record producer , and actress . Born and raised in Barranquilla , she made her recording debut under Sony Music Colombia at the age of 13 . Following the commercial failure of her first two Colombian albums , Magia ( 1991 ) and Peligro ( 1993 ) , she rose to prominence in Spanish-speaking countries with her next albums , Pies Descalzos ( 1995 ) and Dónde Están los Ladrones ? ( 1998 ) . Shakira entered the English-language market with her fifth album , Laundry Service ( 2001 ) . It sold over 13 million copies and spawned the international number-one singles Whenever , Wherever and Underneath Your Clothes . Her success was further solidified with the Spanish albums Fijación Oral , Vol . 1 ( 2005 ) , Sale el Sol ( 2010 ) , and El Dorado ( 2017 ) , all of which topped the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart and were certified diamante by the Recording Industry Association of America . Meanwhile , her English albums Oral Fixation , Vol . 2 ( 2005 ) , She Wolf ( 2009 ) and Shakira ( 2014 ) were all certified gold , platinum , or multi-platinum in various countries worldwide . Some of her songs have charted at number one in multiple countries , including La Tortura , Hips Do n't Lie , Beautiful Liar , Waka Waka ( This Time for Africa ) , Loca , and Chantaje . Shakira served as a coach on two seasons of the American singing competition television series The Voice from 2013 to 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_Indianapolis_Colts_season", "text": "The 1995 Indianapolis Colts season was the 43rd season for the team in the National Football League and 12th in Indianapolis . The Indianapolis Colts finished the National Football League 's 1995 season with a record of 9 wins and 7 losses , and finished tied for second in the AFC East division with the Miami Dolphins . However , the Colts finished ahead of Miami based on head-to-head sweep ( 2-0 ) . The Colts ' 9-7 record was good enough to get them into the playoffs for the first time since 1987 . They defeated the defending conference champion San Diego Chargers in their first playoff game , then upset the top-seeded Kansas City Chiefs in the Divisional Playoffs . The Colts would fall short in the AFC Championship Game against the Pittsburgh Steelers in a game that came down to the final play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shinji_Nakano", "text": "Shinji Nakano ( 中野 信治 , born 1 April 1971 ) is a Japanese professional racing driver . His father , Tsuneharu , was also a racing driver . He competed in the All-Japan Formula Three Championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honda_in_Formula_One", "text": "Honda has participated in Formula One , as an entrant , constructor and engine supplier , for various periods since 1964 . Honda 's involvement in Formula One began with the 1964 season , and in 1965 they achieved their first victory at the Mexican Grand Prix . After further success with John Surtees , Honda withdrew at the end of the 1968 season due to difficulties selling road cars in the United States and Honda driver Jo Schlesser 's fatal accident . Honda returned in 1983 as an engine supplier , which started a very successful period for Honda . After winning races in 1984 and 1985 , Honda won the Constructors ' Championship every year between 1986 and 1991 with Williams and McLaren , and the Drivers ' Championship every year from 1987 to 1991 with Nelson Piquet , Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost . Honda withdrew at the end of 1992 after having achieved their targets . Honda returned again in 2000 , providing engines for British American Racing ( BAR ) . BAR-Honda finished second in the Constructors ' Championship in 2004 , and by the end of 2005 Honda had bought out the BAR team , which became the Honda team for 2006 . After a good 2006 season where Jenson Button won the Hungarian Grand Prix , Honda announced in December 2008 that they would be exiting Formula One with immediate effect due to the global financial crisis , following two difficult seasons in 2007 and 2008 . In May 2013 , Honda announced their intention to return to the sport in the 2015 season under a works agreement with McLaren to supply power units . The first iterations of the Honda engines proved to be uncompetitive , and Honda spent their first three years under the harsh scrutiny of the public eye as they developed their power unit . McLaren and Honda split after three years , Toro Rosso however , agreed to use Honda engines for the 2018 season as a works outfit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dimitri_Petratos", "text": "Dimitrios Petratos ( born 10 November 1992 ) is an Australian football player currently playing as an attacking midfielder for A-League club Newcastle Jets and the Australian national team . Petratos has played for three different A-League clubs , winning one championship with the Brisbane Roar . The majority of Petratos 's career has been in the A-League . However , he has played in Malaysia and South Korea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bayi_Football_Team", "text": "The Bayi or August First Football Team ( Chinese : 八一 ; pinyin : Bāyī ) or its full name the People 's Liberation Army Bayi Football Club ( Chinese : 中国人民解放军八一足球俱乐部 ) was a football team under the sport branch of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) that played in China 's football league system between 1951 and 2003 . They were predominantly based in Beijing . The name Bayi ( 八一 ) , meaning August 1st , is the founding date of the PLA . They started out as an amateur team who occasionally took part in multi-sport events until they took part in the 1951 inaugural Chinese national football league tournament . With their unprecedented monopoly of football talent taken from every army football team in the country they would establish themselves as one of the top teams within the league winning five national league titles in their history . When the Chinese football league became a fully professional unit in the 1994 league season the club were given special dispensation to remain as semi-professional as possible by having all their members remain active military members while abstaining from foreign players and sponsorship . The cost of professionalism would see the club take on offers from cities that included Taiyuan , Xi'an , Kunming , Shijiazhuang , XinXiang , Liuzhou , Xiangtan and Hunan for financial reason . They also took sponsorship and changed their name to Bayi Zhengbang and Bayi Xiangtan , however these measures could not stop the club from relegation in 2003 . With a loss in prize money and stricter regulations from the Chinese Football Association the People 's Liberation Army disbanded the club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Venice_Canals", "text": "The Venice Canal Historic District is a district in the Venice section of Los Angeles , California . The district is noteworthy for its man-made canals built in 1905 by developer Abbot Kinney as part of his Venice of America plan . Kinney sought to recreate the appearance and feel of Venice , Italy , in Southern California . The canals are roughly bounded by Eastern Court on the east , Court A on the south , Strongs Drive on the west , and Court E on the north . There are four east-west canals ( Carroll Canal , Linnie Canal , Howland Canal , and Sherman Canal ) and two north-south canals ( Eastern Canal and Grand Canal ) . The lit canals with gondoliers and arched bridges drew widespread publicity and helped sell lots in the development . By the 1920s already well into the age of the automobile as cars were quickly and increasingly gaining popularity the canals were viewed by many as outdated , and as a result a number of canals of the original network were filled in 1929 to make room for paved roads . By 1940 , the remaining canals had fallen into disrepair , and the sidewalks were condemned by the city . The canal district remained in poor condition for more than 40 years , as numerous proposals to renovate the canals failed due to lack of funding , environmental concerns , and disputes as to who should bear the financial responsibility . The canals were finally renovated in 1992 , with the canals being drained and new sidewalks and walls being built . The canals re-opened in 1993 and have become a desirable and expensive residential section of the city . The residential district surrounding the remaining canals was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/MS_World_Odyssey", "text": "MS Deutschland ( starting in 2015 also sailing as World Odyssey from September until April each year ) is a cruise ship launched in 1998 and owned and operated by Peter Deilmann Cruises until 2015 . She is decorated in the 1920s style as it could be seen in SS Columbus of Norddeutscher Lloyd . The ship carries 513 passengers and 260 crew members . She has a gross tonnage of 22,400 and has seven passenger accessible decks . The German television show Das Traumschiff ( The Dream Ship ) , had been filmed on board for fifteen years as the MS Deutschland travels to tourist destinations around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethylparaben", "text": "Ethylparaben ( ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate ) is the ethyl ester of p-hydroxybenzoic acid . Its formula is HO-C6H4-CO-O-CH2CH3 . It is a member of the class of compounds known as parabens . It is used as an antifungal preservative . As a food additive , it has E number E214 . Sodium ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate , the sodium salt of ethylparaben , has the same uses and is given the E number E215 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997_World_Series", "text": "The 1997 World Series was the championship series of Major League Baseball 's ( MLB ) 1997 season . The 93rd edition of the World Series , it was a best-of-seven playoff between the American League ( AL ) champion Cleveland Indians and the National League ( NL ) champion Florida Marlins . The Marlins , who were underdogs , defeated the Indians , four games to three , to win their first World Series championship . Game 7 was decided in extra innings on a walk-off single hit by Édgar Rentería . The series began on October 18 and ended on October 26 ( after midnight October 27 ) . Marlins pitcher Liván Hernández was named the World Series Most Valuable Player . The Indians advanced to the World Series by defeating the New York Yankees in the AL Division Series , three games to two , and then the Baltimore Orioles in the AL Championship Series , four games to two ; it was Cleveland 's second World Series appearance in three years . The Marlins advanced to the World Series by defeating the San Francisco Giants in the NL Division Series , three games to none , and then the Atlanta Braves in the NL Championship Series , four games to two ; the Marlins set an MLB record by reaching a World Series in just their fifth season of existence . This was the fourth time in World Series history a Game 7 went into extra innings , and was the most recent occasion until the 2016 World Series , in which the Indians also lost in extra innings . The Marlins ' championship made them the first wild card team to ever win the World Series . This was the only World Series that Paul Beeston would preside over as CEO of MLB . The previous four World Series had been presided over jointly by the league presidents ( first Dr. Bobby Brown and then Gene Budig for the AL , Leonard Coleman for the NL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shelden_Williams", "text": "Shelden DeMar Williams ( born October 21 , 1983 ) is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for the College Park Skyhawks of the NBA G League . He played college basketball at Duke University , where his # 23 jersey was retired on January 28 , 2007 . His size ( 6 ' 9 , 250 lbs ) , aggressive style of play , and shot-blocking ability earned him the nickname The Landlord . During high school , Williams was a member of the National Honor Society and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes . He earned the 2005 and 2006 NABC Defensive Player of the Year Awards while at Duke , becoming only the fifth player in history to earn the award two consecutive years . He holds Duke 's career blocks record , single-season blocks record , and career rebounding record , while he is 17th in career blocks on the NCAA charts . He is the third player in ACC history to have 1,500 points , 1,000 rebounds and 350 blocks ( joining Tim Duncan and Ralph Sampson ) . His 1,217 rebounds and 1,859 career points rank him seventh in ACC history and sixteenth in Duke history , respectively . Williams became only the third Duke basketball player to record a triple-double when Duke defeated Maryland on January 11 , 2006 , recording 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 blocks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Electronic_Arts_Canada", "text": "EA Vancouver ( also known as EA Burnaby and formerly known as EA Canada ) is a video game developer located in Burnaby , British Columbia . The development studio opened as Distinctive Software in January 1983 , and is also Electronic Arts 's largest and oldest studio . EA Canada employs approximately 1,300 people , and houses the world 's largest video game test operation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Capitals", "text": "The Washington Capitals ( colloquially known as the Caps ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Washington , D.C . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The Capitals are owned by Monumental Sports & Entertainment , headed by Ted Leonsis . From 1974 to 1997 the Capitals played their home games at the Capital Centre , in Landover , Maryland ( a suburb in the Washington metropolitan area ) . In 1997 the team moved to the arena now called Capital One Arena , their present home arena in Washington , D.C . The Capitals were founded in 1974 as an expansion franchise , alongside the Kansas City Scouts . Since purchasing the team in 1999 , Leonsis revitalized the franchise by drafting star players such as Alexander Ovechkin , Nicklas Backstrom , Mike Green and Braden Holtby . The 2009-10 Capitals won the franchise 's first Presidents ' Trophy for being the team with the most points at the end of the regular season . They won it a second time in 2015-16 , and did so for a third time the following season in 2016-17 . In addition to twelve division titles and three Presidents ' Trophies , the Capitals have reached the Stanley Cup Finals in 1998 and 2018 , winning in the latter . The Capitals have retired the use of four numbers in honor of four players . In addition , the team holds an association with a number of individuals inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jamie_Campbell-Walter", "text": "Jamie Campbell-Walter is a British professional racing driver . He was born in Oban , Scotland on 16 December 1972 . He won the FIA GT Championship in 2000 and took a World Endurance Championship title in 2013 as an Aston Martin Racing factory driver . He now owns and runs Bullet Sports Management with business partner and former team-mate Nicolas Minassian ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Ganges_(1794)", "text": "USS Ganges was a man-of-war in the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France . She was originally a fast sailing merchantman , built in Philadelphia in 1794 for the East Indies trade and named for the Ganges , India 's principal river , which flows into the Bay of Bengal . Ganges regularly sailed to Calcutta and Canton . Apparently she returned to civilian service after serving in the U.S. Navy between 1798 and 1801 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Withers", "text": "William Harrison Withers Jr. ( born July 4 , 1938 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician who performed and recorded from 1970 until 1985 . He recorded several major hits , including Lean on Me , Ai n't No Sunshine , Use Me , Just the Two of Us , Lovely Day , and Grandma 's Hands . Withers won three Grammy Awards and was nominated for four more . His life was the subject of the 2009 documentary film Still Bill . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Alphonsus_Church,_New_Orleans", "text": "St. Alphonsus Church ( French : Église Saint-Alphonse ) is a historic former church building at 2029 Constance Street in New Orleans , Louisiana . Completed in 1857 , it is one of the few surviving national examples of a richly multi-colored church interior predating the 1870s , and a high quality example of ecclesiastical Italianate architecture . It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1996 for its architectural significance . It is now home to the St. Alphonsus Art and Cultural Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puma_SE", "text": "Puma SE , branded as Puma , is a German multinational company that designs and manufactures athletic and casual footwear , apparel and accessories , which is headquartered in Herzogenaurach , Bavaria , Germany . Puma is the third largest sportswear manufacturer in the world . The company was founded in 1948 by Rudolf Dassler . In 1924 , Rudolf and his brother Adolf Dassler had jointly formed the company Gebrüder Dassler Schuhfabrik ( Dassler Brothers Shoe Factory ) . The relationship between the two brothers deteriorated until the two agreed to split in 1948 , forming two separate entities , Adidas and Puma . Both companies are currently based in Herzogenaurach , Germany . Puma has been a public company since 1986 , listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange . French luxury group Kering ( formerly known as Pinault-Printemps-Redoute or PPR ) holds 16% , Kering 's largest shareholder Artemis SA owns 29% of the share capital . Since 1 July 2013 , the company has been led by former football professional Bjørn Gulden ( CEO ) . As of 2017 , Puma SE employs more than 13,000 people worldwide and distributes its products in more than 120 countries . Following the split from his brother , Rudolf Dassler originally registered the new-established company as Ruda , but later changed the name to Puma . Puma 's earliest logo consisted of a square and beast jumping through a D , which was registered , along with the company 's name , in 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Little_Foot", "text": "Little Foot ( Stw 573 ) is the nickname given to a nearly complete Australopithecus fossil skeleton found in 1994-1998 in the cave system of Sterkfontein , South Africa . The nickname little foot was given to the fossil in 1995 . From the structure of the four ankle bones they were able to ascertain that the owner was able to walk upright . The recovery of the bones proved extremely difficult and tedious , because they are completely embedded in concrete-like rock . It is due to this that the recovery and excavation of the site took around 15 years to complete ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basel", "text": "Basel ( /ˈbɑːzəl/ BAH-zəl , German : [ ˈbaːzl̩ ] ( listen ) ) or Basle ( /bɑːl/ BAHL ; French : Bâle [ bɑl ] ; Italian : Basilea [ baziˈlɛːa ] ; Romansh : Basilea [ baziˈleːa ] ( listen ) ) is a city in northwestern Switzerland on the river Rhine . Basel is Switzerland 's third-most-populous city ( after Zürich and Geneva ) with about 180,000 inhabitants . Located where the Swiss , French and German borders meet , Basel also has suburbs in France and Germany . As of 2016 [ update ] , the Swiss Basel agglomeration was the third-largest in Switzerland , with a population of 541,000 in 74 municipalities in Switzerland ( municipal count as of 2018 ) . The initiative Trinational Eurodistrict Basel ( TEB ) of 62 suburban communes including municipalities in neighboring countries , counted 829,000 inhabitants in 2007 . The official language of Basel is ( the Swiss variety of Standard ) German , but the main spoken language is the local Basel German dialect . The city is known for its many internationally renowned museums , ranging from the Kunstmuseum , the first collection of art accessible to the public in Europe ( 1661 ) and the largest museum of art in the whole of Switzerland , to the Fondation Beyeler ( located in Riehen ) . The University of Basel , Switzerland 's oldest university ( founded in 1460 ) , and the city 's centuries-long commitment to humanism , have made Basel a safe haven at times of political unrest in other parts of Europe for such notable people as Erasmus of Rotterdam , the Holbein family , Friedrich Nietzsche , and in the 20th century also Hermann Hesse and Karl Jaspers . The city of Basel is Switzerland 's second-largest economic centre after the city of Zürich [ citation needed ] and has the highest GDP per capita in the country , ahead of the cantons of Zug and Geneva . In terms of value , over 94% of Basel City 's goods exports are in the chemical and pharmaceutical sectors . With production facilities located in the neighboring Schweizerhalle , Basel accounts for 20% of Swiss exports and generates one third of the national product . Basel has been the seat of a Prince-Bishopric since the 11th century , and joined the Swiss Confederacy in 1501 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scotland", "text": "Scotland ( Scots : Scotland , Scottish Gaelic : Alba [ ˈal̪ˠapə ] ( listen ) ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain , with a border with England to the southeast , and is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west , the North Sea to the northeast , the Irish Sea to the south , and more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides . The Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the European Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707 . By inheritance in 1603 , James VI , King of Scots , became king of England and Ireland , thus forming a personal union of the three kingdoms . Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with England on 1 May 1707 to create the new Kingdom of Great Britain . The union also created a new Parliament of Great Britain , which succeeded both the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England . In 1801 , Great Britain entered into a political union with Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ( in 1922 , the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in 1927 ) . Within Scotland , the monarchy of the United Kingdom has continued to use a variety of styles , titles and other royal symbols of statehood specific to the pre-union Kingdom of Scotland . The legal system within Scotland has also remained separate from those of England and Wales and Northern Ireland ; Scotland constitutes a distinct jurisdiction in both public and private law . The continued existence of legal , educational , religious and other institutions distinct from those in the remainder of the UK have all contributed to the continuation of Scottish culture and national identity since the 1707 union with England . In 1997 , a Scottish Parliament was re-established , in the form of a devolved unicameral legislature comprising 129 members , having authority over many areas of domestic policy . The head of the Scottish Government is the first minister of Scotland , who is supported by the deputy first minister of Scotland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/By_Love_Possessed_(film)", "text": "By Love Possessed is a 1961 American drama film distributed by United Artists . The movie was directed by John Sturges , and written by Charles Schnee , based on the novel by James Gould Cozzens . Lana Turner , Jason Robards , George Hamilton and Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. head the cast . Hamilton called it an Ivy League Peyton Place . The theme song is performed by Vic Damone . This was director Sturges ' first film project after his Western classic , The Magnificent Seven . On July 19 , 1961 , this became the first in-flight movie to be shown on a regular basis on a scheduled airline flight , by Trans World Airlines to its first-class passengers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/XII_(1st_Royal_Saxon)_Corps", "text": "The XII ( 1st Royal Saxon ) Army Corps / XII AK ( German : XII . ( I. Königlich Sächsisches ) Armee-Korps ) was a Saxon corps level command of the Saxon and German Armies before and during World War I . The Corps was formed as the Royal Saxon Corps on 1 April 1867 and headquartered in Dresden . Initially , it commanded the 1st Royal Saxon Infantry Division in Dresden and the 2nd Royal Saxon Infantry Division in Leipzig . After the XIX ( 2nd Royal Saxon ) Corps was set up on 1 April 1899 as the headquarters for the western part of the Kingdom of Saxony , XII Corps was made responsible for the eastern part of the Kingdom . The Corps was disbanded with the demobilisation of the German Army after World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bridgend", "text": "Bridgend ( English : /brɪˈdʒɛnd/ ; Welsh : Pen-y-bont ar Ogwr or just Pen-y-bont , meaning the end ( or head ) of the bridge on the Ogmore ) is a town in Bridgend County Borough in Wales , 20 miles ( 32 km ) west of the capital Cardiff and 20 miles ( 32 km ) east of Swansea . The river crossed by the original bridge , which gave the town its name , is the River Ogmore , but the River Ewenny also passes to the south of the town . Historically a part of Glamorgan , Bridgend has greatly expanded in size since the early 1980s - the 2001 census recorded a population of 39,429 for the town and the 2011 census reported that the Bridgend Local Authority had a population of 139,200 - up from 128,700 in 2001 . This 8.2% increase was the largest increase in Wales except for Cardiff . The town is undergoing a redevelopment project , with the town centre mainly pedestrianised and ongoing works including Brackla Street Centre redevelopment to Bridgend Shopping Centre , Rhiw Car Park redevelopment , ongoing public realm improvements and the upgrade of the Bridgend Life Centre and demolition of Sunnyside offices to accommodate a large retirement complex ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Marlins", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Marlins are a Rookie Level minor league affiliate of the Miami Marlins that plays in the Gulf Coast League . The team plays their home games in Jupiter , Florida at Roger Dean Chevrolet Stadium , which is also the spring training home of the St. Louis Cardinals and the Miami Marlins . The Marlins include mostly players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents . The GCL Marlins were based in Kissimmee , Florida in 1992-1993 , and Melbourne , Florida 1994-2001 . The GCL Marlins threw a combined perfect game against the GCL Astros on July 19 , 2012 . Justin Jackson pitched the first six innings , Patrick Merkling pitched the seventh inning and Dane Stone pitched the last two innings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/States_of_Malaysia", "text": "The states and federal territories of Malaysia are the principal administrative divisions of Malaysia . Malaysia is a federation comprising 13 states ( Negeri ) and 3 federal territories ( Wilayah Persekutuan ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Erika_Mahringer", "text": "Erika Riki Mahringer ( 16 November 1924 - 30 October 2018 ) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 and 1952 Winter Olympics . In 1948 she won the bronze medal in the slalom event as well as in the Alpine combined competition . In the downhill contest she finished 19th . Four years later she finished fourth in the 1952 Olympic downhill event . In the same year she finished 17th in the giant slalom competition and 22nd in the slalom contest . Mahringer earned silver medals in the FIS Alpine Skiing World Championships 1950 at Aspen ( slalom and downhill ) , and in the giant slalom she finished fourth . She was a six time Austrian Champion ( downhill 1948 , 1951 , 1952 ; slalom 1951 ; giant slalom 1951 ; Alpine Combined 1951 ) . In 1951 , she was named Austrian Sports Personality of the Year . Mahringer was born in Linz . She wed fellow skier Ernst Spiess in 1954 . Together they founded the Mayrhofen Ski School . In 1955 , they opened Rikis Skikindergarten , the world 's first children 's ski school ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ray_Bumatai", "text": "Raimund Bumatai ( December 20 , 1952 - October 6 , 2005 ) , was an American musician , singer , recording artist and actor who worked in comedy and live entertainment in Waikiki and in live-action production and animation in Hollywood . Bumatai was born in Offenbach am Main , Germany , the older brother of stand-up comedian Andy Bumatai . He had been active in motion pictures and television since the late 1980s . A supporting actor in many television series filmed in Hawaii , Bumatai often played a local character . In Sherwood Hu 's Hawaiian Ghost thriller Lani Loa ( 1998 ) he played the character Hawaiian Kenny . Among his more recent work , Bumatai read the part of Tito Makani Jr. on Klasky Csupo 's Rocket Power cartoon series . Bumatai died at Honolulu in 2005 , after having been treated for brain cancer at various times during the last years of his life . In addition to his wife , Karen Bree Bumatai ( formerly Karen Brilliande ) Ray Bumatai is survived by his daughter Cecilly Ann Bumatai ( from another marriage ) , parents Elsie and Bobby , and siblings Andy , Ramona , Ben , Gabe and Heidi . His last role was the voice of Little Jim in the Scooby-Doo movie Aloha , Scooby-Doo ! ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Birmingham_Sparkbrook_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Birmingham , Sparkbrook was a parliamentary constituency centred on the Sparkbrook area of Birmingham . It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , elected by the first past the post system . The constituency was created for the 1918 general election , and abolished for the 1997 general election , when it was partly replaced by the new Birmingham Sparkbrook and Small Heath constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NAS_Whiting_Field", "text": "Naval Air Station Whiting Field is a United States Navy base located near Milton , Florida , with some outlying fields near Navarre , Florida , in south and central Santa Rosa County , and is one of the Navy 's two primary pilot training bases ( the other being NAS Corpus Christi , Texas ) . NAS Whiting Field provides training for U.S. Navy , U.S. Marine Corps , Coast Guard , and Air Force student pilots , as well as those of several allied nations . NAS Whiting Field is home to Training Air Wing Five ( TRAWING 5 ) . NAS Whiting Field is actually two airfields sharing a common support base . Primary Flight Training student aviators fly the Beechcraft T-6 Texan II from North Whiting Field ( KNSE ) while Advanced Helicopter Training takes place utilizing the TH-57 Sea Ranger at South Whiting Field ( KNDZ ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paincourtville,_Louisiana", "text": "Paincourtville is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Assumption Parish , Louisiana , United States . The population was 911 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swedish_American", "text": "Swedish Americans ( Swedish : Svenskamerikaner ) are Americans of at least partial Swedish ancestry . They primarily include the 1.2 million Swedish immigrants during 1885-1915 and their descendants . They formed tight-knit communities , primarily in the American Midwest , and intermarried with other Swedish-Americans . Most were Lutheran Christians with origins in the state Church of Sweden who were affiliated with predecessor bodies of what are now the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) from the mergers of 1988 or the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod ( 1847 ) , or the recent North American Lutheran Church ( NALC ) of 2010 ; some were Methodists following Wesleyan doctrine . Today , Swedish Americans are found throughout the United States , with Minnesota , California and Illinois being the top three states with the highest number of Swedish Americans . Historically , newly arrived Swedish immigrants settled in the Midwest , namely Minnesota , the Dakotas and Wisconsin , just as other Scandinavian Americans . Populations also grew in the Pacific Northwest in the states of Oregon and Washington at the turn of the twentieth century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/President_of_Utah_State_University", "text": "The following have served as presidents of Utah State University . USU is located in Logan , Utah , and was founded in 1888 as the Agricultural College of Utah . This list does not contain names of alumni or faculty of the university , unless such persons have also served as president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wout_Bastiaens", "text": "Wout Bastiaens ( born 30 March 1994 ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Hasselt in the Belgian Second Amateur Division . Bastiaens played his first match at the highest level of Belgian football on 18 May 2013 for Oud-Heverlee Leuven , when he was part of the starting lineup in the 4-1 lost match away to Gent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Makis_Chavos", "text": "Ioakeim Makis Chavos ( ; born 5 September 1969 in Nea Madytos ) is a Greek football manager and former player . He is currently the manager of Lamia in the Greek Superleague . Chavos is best remembered for his four-and-a-half year spell with PAOK . During the later stages of his career , he played with several clubs in the lower divisions . As a manager , he has coached several clubs in Greece and Cyprus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Studio_Ghibli", "text": "Studio Ghibli , Inc. ( Japanese : 株式会社スタジオジブリ , Hepburn : Kabushiki gaisha Sutajio Jiburi ) is a Japanese animation film studio based in Koganei , Tokyo , Japan . The studio is best known for its anime feature films , and has also produced several short films , television commercials , and one television film . It was founded on 15 June 1985 , after the success of Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind ( 1984 ) , with funding by Tokuma Shoten . Studio Ghibli has also collaborated with video game studios on the visual development of several video games . Six of Studio Ghibli 's films are among the 10 highest-grossing anime films made in Japan , with Spirited Away ( 2001 ) being the highest , grossing over US $ 360 million worldwide . Many of their works have won the Animage Anime Grand Prix award , and four have won the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year . Five of Studio Ghibli 's films have received Academy Award nominations . Spirited Away won the Golden Bear in 2002 and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature Film in 2003 . Totoro , a character from My Neighbor Totoro , is the studio 's mascot . On 3 August 2014 , Studio Ghibli temporarily halted production following the retirement of director Hayao Miyazaki , who co-founded the studio with the late Isao Takahata . In February 2017 , Toshio Suzuki announced that Miyazaki had come out of retirement again to direct a new feature film , How Do You Live ? , with Studio Ghibli ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kishore_Kumar", "text": "Abhas Kumar Ganguly ( born 4 August 1929 - 13 October 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Kishore Kumar ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ) was an Indian playback singer , actor , music director , lyricist , writer , director , producer and screenwriter . He is considered as one of the most popular singers of Indian film industry and from soft numbers to peppy tracks to romantic moods , Kumar sang in different genres but some of his rare compositions which were considered classics were lost in time . According to Ashok Kumar , Kumar 's success lies in the fact that his voice used to hit the microphone straight at its most sensitive point . Apart from Hindi , he sang in many Indian languages including Bengali , Marathi , Assamese , Gujarati , Kannada , Bhojpuri , Malayalam and Urdu . He has also sung in private albums in several languages especially in Bengali . He won 8 Filmfare Awards for Best Male Playback Singer and holds the record for winning the most Filmfare Awards in that category . He was awarded the Lata Mangeshkar Award by the Madhya Pradesh government in the year 1985-86 . In the year 1997 , the Madhya Pradesh Government initiated an award called the Kishore Kumar Award as a contribution to Hindi cinema . Recently , Kishore Kumar 's unreleased last song was sold for Rs 1560,000 ( 1.56 million ) at the Osian 's Cinefan Auction , New Delhi in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_M._Steinbrenner_Field", "text": "George M. Steinbrenner Field ( formerly known as Legends Field ) , is a baseball stadium located in Tampa , Florida across Dale Mabry Highway from Raymond James Stadium , home of the National Football League 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers . The ballpark was built in 1996 and holds 11,026 people with an addition in right field built in 2007 . This ballpark is the largest spring training ballpark in Florida . George M. Steinbrenner Field serves as the home of the Tampa Tarpons , the New York Yankees ' affiliate in the Class A Advanced Florida State League , and is the Yankees ' spring training home ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ali_Akbarnejad", "text": "Ali Akbarnejad ( born 16 September 1967 ) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Novak_Djokovic", "text": "Novak Djokovic ( Serbian : Новак Ђоковић , romanized : Novak Đoković , pronounced [ nôʋaːk dʑôːkoʋitɕ ] ( listen ) ; born 22 May 1987 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No . 1 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) . Djokovic has won 17 Grand Slam singles titles , the third-most in history for a male player , five ATP Finals titles , 34 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles , 13 ATP Tour 500 titles , and has held the No . 1 spot in the ATP rankings for over 275 weeks . In majors , he has won a record eight Australian Open titles , five Wimbledon titles , three US Open titles , and one French Open title . By winning the 2016 French Open , he became the eighth player in history to achieve the Career Grand Slam and the third man to hold all four major titles at once , the first since Rod Laver in 1969 and the first ever to do so on three different surfaces . He is the only male player to have won all nine of the Masters 1000 tournaments . Djokovic was also a member of Serbia 's winning Davis Cup team in 2010 and in the 2020 ATP Cup . Djokovic is the first Serbian player to be ranked No . 1 by the ATP and the first male player representing Serbia to win a Grand Slam singles title . He is a six-time ITF World Champion and a five-time ATP year-end No . 1 ranked player ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Flatbush,_Alberta", "text": "Flatbush is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No . 124 . It is located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) south of Highway 44 , approximately 135 kilometres ( 84 mi ) northwest of Edmonton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Green_Bay_Packers", "text": "The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay , Wisconsin . They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) North division . It is the third-oldest franchise in the NFL , dating back to 1919 , and is the only non-profit , community-owned major league professional sports team based in the United States . [ a ] Home games have been played at Lambeau Field since 1957 . The Packers are the last of the small town teams which were common in the NFL during the league 's early days of the 1920s and 1930s . Founded in 1919 by Earl Curly Lambeau and George Whitney Calhoun , the franchise traces its lineage to other semi-professional teams in Green Bay dating back to 1896 . Between 1919 and 1920 , the Packers competed against other semi-pro clubs from around Wisconsin and the Midwest , before joining the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) , the forerunner of today 's NFL , in 1921 . Although Green Bay is by far the smallest major league professional sports market in North America , Forbes ranked the Packers as the world 's 27th most valuable sports franchise in 2019 , with a value of $ 2.63 billion . The Packers have won 13 league championships , the most in NFL history , with nine pre-Super Bowl NFL titles and four Super Bowl victories . The Packers won the first two Super Bowls in 1967 and 1968 and were the only NFL team to defeat the American Football League ( AFL ) prior to the AFL-NFL merger . The Vince Lombardi Trophy is named after the Packers ' coach Vince Lombardi , who guided them to their first two Super Bowls . Their two subsequent Super Bowl wins came in 1996 and 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Louisiana_at_Lafayette", "text": "The University of Louisiana at Lafayette ( UL Lafayette , University of Louisiana , or UL ) is a public research university in Lafayette , Louisiana . It has the largest enrollment within the nine-campus University of Louisiana System and has the second largest enrollment in Louisiana . Founded in 1898 as an industrial school , the institution developed into a four-year university during the twentieth century and became known by its present name in 1999 . It offers Louisiana 's only Ph.D. in francophone studies , Louisiana 's only master 's of informatics , and Louisiana 's only industrial design degree . The university has achieved several milestones in computer science , engineering and architecture . It is also home to a distinct College of the Arts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2007", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2007 were hosted in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada on the weekend ending 1 April 2007 . These ceremonies honoured music industry achievements in Canada during most of 2006 . The event was well known for a possible tape delay by the CTV television network so the network could syndicate The Amazing Race ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Millonarios_Fútbol_Club", "text": "Millonarios Fútbol Club is a professional Colombian football team based in Bogotá , that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A . They play their home games at the El Campín stadium . The team was initially created in 1937 by students from the Colegio Mayor de San Bartolomé . After the team initially was unsure about which name it would want to use , Unión and Juventud were originally favoured , it got under the influence of the city administration of Bogotá and operated as Club Municipal de Deportes . Millonarios was formally founded on June 18 , 1946 , thanks to the efforts of Alfonso Senior Quevedo , who became the first chairman . Millonarios has won the Colombian league 15 times . They are also the third Colombian team to achieve a major international title , the Copa Merconorte in 2001 . Since the beginning of the Colombian professional football league , Millonarios has won many domestic tournaments , the last one in 2017 . Millonarios is also one of only three teams that have played every first division tournament in the country , along with their traditional rivals Santa Fe and Atlético Nacional ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mora,_Sweden", "text": "Mora is a locality and the seat of Mora Municipality in Dalarna County , Sweden , with 10,896 inhabitants in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Millom", "text": "Millom is a town and civil parish on the north shore of the estuary of the River Duddon around 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) north of Barrow-in-Furness ( however by road via the estuary the distance is 23 miles ( 37.0 km ) ) and 26 miles ( 41.8 km ) south of Whitehaven in southwest Cumbria , historically part of Cumberland , England , it is situated just outside the Lake District National Park . Millom was constructed as a new town , beginning in 1866 and subsumed the village of Holborn Hill . Built around ironworks , the town grew to a size of over 10,000 people by the 1960s , but has struggled since the works were closed in 1968 . Culturally , Millom is notable as the birthplace of poet Norman Nicholson , and as a major centre of amateur rugby league . The name is Cumbrian dialect for At the mills . The town is accessible both by rail and by an A class road ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Country_rock", "text": "Country rock is a subgenre of popular music , formed from the fusion of rock and country . It was developed by rock musicians who began to record country-flavored records in the late 1960s and early 1970s . These musicians recorded rock records using country themes , vocal styles , and additional instrumentation , most characteristically pedal steel guitars . Country rock began with artists like Bob Dylan , the Byrds , Nitty Gritty Dirt Band , the Flying Burrito Brothers , The International Submarine Band and others , reaching its greatest popularity in the 1970s with artists such as Emmylou Harris , the Eagles , Linda Ronstadt , Michael Nesmith , Poco and Pure Prairie League . Country rock also influenced artists in other genres , including the Band , the Grateful Dead , Creedence Clearwater Revival , the Rolling Stones , and George Harrison 's solo work , as well as playing a part in the development of Southern rock ."}
{"title": "/wiki/German_occupation_of_Czechoslovakia", "text": "The German occupation of Czechoslovakia ( 1938-1945 ) began with the German annexation of Sudetenland as outlined by the Munich Agreement . Adolf Hitler justified the invasion by the purported suffering of the ethnic Germans living in these regions . The Sudetenland annexation by Nazi Germany was detrimental to the future defense of crippled Czechslovakia as the extensive Czechoslovak border fortifications were also located in the same area . Following the Anschluss of Austria to Nazi Germany in March 1938 , the conquest and breakup of Czechoslovakia became Hitler 's next ambition . The incorporation of the Sudetenland into Germany that began on 1 October 1938 left the rest of Czechoslovakia weak , and it became powerless to resist subsequent occupation . Moreover , a small northeastern part of the borderland region known as Zaolzie was occupied and annexed to Poland ostensibly to protect the local ethnic Polish community and as a result of previous territorial claims ( Czech-Polish disputes in the years of 1918-20 ) . On 15 March 1939 , one day after the proclamation of the Slovak State the German Wehrmacht moved into the remainder of Czechoslovakia and from the Prague Castle , Hitler proclaimed the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia after the negotiations with Emil Hácha , who remained as technical head of state with the title of State President . However , he was rendered all but powerless ; real power was vested in the Reichsprotektor , who served as Hitler 's personal representative . The occupation ended with the surrender of Germany following World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Conway", "text": "Thomas Daniel Tim Conway ( December 15 , 1933 - May 14 , 2019 ) was an American actor , comedian , writer , and director . From 1966 to 2012 he appeared in more than 20 TV shows , TV series and films . Among his more notable roles , he portrayed the inept Ensign Parker in the 1960s World War II TV situation comedy McHale 's Navy , was a regular cast member ( 1975-1978 ) on the TV comedy The Carol Burnett Show where he portrayed his recurrent iconic characters Mister Tudball , the Oldest Man and the Dumb Private , co-starred with Don Knotts in several films ( 1979-80 ) , was the title character in the Dorf series of eight sports comedy direct-to-video films ( 1987-1996 ) , and provided the voice of Barnacle Boy in the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants ( 1999-2012 ) . Twice , in 1970 and in 1980-1981 , he had his own TV series . Conway was admired for his ability to depart from scripts with humorous ad libs and gestures , which frequently caused others in the skit to break character while attempting to control their surprise and laughter . He won six Primetime Emmy Awards during his career , four of which were awarded for The Carol Burnett Show , including one for writing . Conway was diagnosed with normal pressure hydrocephalus in 2018 and had brain surgery , but his health continued to deteriorate and he died on May 14 , 2019 from complications of that condition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fonseca_(singer)", "text": "Born in Bogota , Colombia , Juan Fernando Fonseca , better known as Fonseca ( for his surname ) chose music at an early age , studying music formally at institutions such as Javeriana University in Bogota and Berklee College of Music in Boston . Fonseca 's self-titled debut gained him considerable attention in Colombia . His second album released Corazón ( 2005 ) explored the crossroads where pop/rock influences meet the vallenato , bullerengue , and tambora . Gratitud followed in 2008 , with Ilusión arriving in 2011 . Fonseca recorded Sinfónico in concert with Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de Colombia in 2013 . Released a year later . In early 2015 , Fonseca was awarded La Musa Premio Triunfador by the Latin Songwriters Hall of Fame , and in May received the first-ever Contemporary Icon Award at the SESAC Latina Music Awards . In the fall , he released the album Conexión . this album included collaborations with recognized artists like Juanes and Victor Manuelle . In 2017 Fonseca launched Fundación Gratitud an important project that seeks to rescue and ensure the protection of cultural traditions . In 2018 Fonseca received La Orden de Boyacá en grado Oficial , the most important recognition given by the Colombian government as part of his work as a promoter of reconciliation and peace . Fonseca released his latest album Agustín in December 2018 which has 4 nominations for the 20th Annual Latin Grammys Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duluth,_Minnesota", "text": "Duluth /dəˈluːθ/ ( listen ) is a major port city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and the county seat of Saint Louis County . Duluth has a population of 85,884 and is the 4th largest city in Minnesota . It is the 2nd largest city on Lake Superior , after Thunder Bay , Ontario . It has the largest metropolitan area on the lake , with a population of 279,771 in 2010 , the second-largest in the state . Situated on the north shore of Lake Superior at the westernmost point of the Great Lakes , Duluth is accessible to oceangoing vessels from the Atlantic Ocean 2,300 miles ( 3,700 km ) away via the Great Lakes Waterway and the Saint Lawrence Seaway . Duluth forms a metropolitan area with neighboring Superior , Wisconsin ; together they are called the Twin Ports . The cities share the Duluth-Superior harbor and together are the Great Lakes ' largest port , transporting coal , iron ore ( taconite ) , and grain . A tourist destination for the Midwest , Duluth features the United States ' only all-freshwater aquarium , the Great Lakes Aquarium ; the Aerial Lift Bridge , which spans the Duluth Ship Canal into the Duluth-Superior Harbor ; and Minnesota Point ( known locally as Park Point ) , the world 's longest freshwater baymouth bar , spanning 6 miles ( 10 km ) . The city is also the starting point for vehicle trips along Minnesota 's North Shore . The city is named for Daniel Greysolon , Sieur du Lhut , the first known European explorer of the area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2004 Summer Olympics ( Greek : Θερινοί Ολυμπιακοί Αγώνες 2004 , Therinoí Olympiakoí Agónes 2004 ) , officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad and commonly known as Athens 2004 , was a premier international multi-sport event held in Athens , Greece , from 13 to 29 August 2004 with the motto Welcome Home . The Games saw 10,625 athletes compete , some 600 more than expected , accompanied by 5,501 team officials from 201 countries . There were 301 medal events in 28 different sports . Athens 2004 marked the first time since the 1996 Summer Olympics that all countries with a National Olympic Committee were in attendance . 2004 also marked the return of the Olympic Games to the city where they began . Having previously hosted the Olympics in 1896 , Athens became one of only four cities to have hosted the Summer Olympic Games on two separate occasions at the time ( together with Paris , London , and Los Angeles ) . A new medal obverse was introduced at these Games , replacing the design by Giuseppe Cassioli that had been used since the 1928 Games . This rectified the long lasting mistake of using a depiction of the Roman Colosseum rather than a Greek venue . The new design features the Panathenaic Stadium . The 2004 Summer Games were hailed as unforgettable , dream games by IOC President Jacques Rogge , and left Athens with a significantly improved infrastructure , including a new airport , ring road , and subway system . There have been arguments ( mostly in popular media ) regarding the cost of the 2004 Athens Summer Games and their possible contribution to the 2010-2018 Greek government-debt crisis , however , there is little or no evidence for such a correlation . The 2004 Olympics were generally deemed to be a success , with the rising standard of competition amongst nations across the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carmelo_Anthony", "text": "Carmelo Kyam Anthony ( born May 29 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He has been named an NBA All-Star ten times and an All-NBA Team member six times . He played college basketball for the Syracuse Orange , winning a national championship as a freshman in 2003 while being named the NCAA Tournament 's Most Outstanding Player . After one season at Syracuse , Anthony entered the 2003 NBA draft and was selected with the third overall pick by the Denver Nuggets . While playing for Denver , he led the Nuggets to the playoffs every year from 2004 to 2010 ; the team won two division titles in that span . In 2009 , Anthony led the Nuggets to their first Conference Finals appearance since 1985 . In 2011 , he was traded from Denver to the New York Knicks days before the NBA trade deadline . In a January 24 , 2014 game against the Charlotte Bobcats , Anthony scored a career-high 62 points , setting a Knicks ' single-game scoring record and a Madison Square Garden single-game scoring record . Anthony was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder , where he played one season before signing with the Rockets . Anthony has played in the Olympics for the US national team a record four times , winning a bronze medal with the 2004 squad and gold medals on the 2008 , 2012 , and 2016 Olympic teams . As of April 2016 , he was the US Olympic team 's all-time leader in points , rebounds , and games played ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alberta_Highway_45", "text": "Alberta Provincial Highway No . 45 , commonly referred to as Highway 45 , is an east-west highway in central Alberta , Canada that extends from Highway 15 northeast of Edmonton to the Saskatchewan border . It runs generally parallel to Highway 16 ( Yellowhead Highway ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_E._King", "text": "Benjamin Earl King ( born Benjamin Earl Nelson , September 28 , 1938 - April 30 , 2015 ) was an American soul and R & B singer and record producer . He is best known as the singer and co-composer of Stand by Me - a U.S. Top 10 hit , both in 1961 and later in 1986 ( when it was used as the theme to the film of the same name ) , a number one hit in the United Kingdom in 1987 , and no . 25 on the RIAA 's list of Songs of the Century - and as one of the principal lead singers of the R & B vocal group The Drifters , notably singing the lead vocals of one of their biggest global hit singles ( and only U.S. # 1 hit ) Save the Last Dance for Me ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Department_of_Homeland_Security", "text": "The United States Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) is a cabinet department of the U.S. federal government with responsibilities in public security , roughly comparable to the interior or home ministries of other countries . Its stated missions involve anti-terrorism , border security , immigration and customs , cyber security , and disaster prevention and management . It was created in November 2002 in response to 9/11 and is the youngest U.S. cabinet department . In fiscal year 2018 , it was allocated a net discretionary budget of $ 47.716 billion . With more than 240,000 employees , DHS is the third largest Cabinet department , after the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs . Homeland security policy is coordinated at the White House by the Homeland Security Council . Other agencies with significant homeland security responsibilities include the Departments of Health and Human Services , Justice , and Energy . Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen resigned on April 7 , 2019 , effective April 10 . By law ( 6 U.S.C . §113 ( g ) ) , Undersecretary for Management Claire Grady was to become the acting Secretary of Homeland Security . On April 7 , President Donald J. Trump designated the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan as acting Secretary ; that had lingering questions of legality resolved after Trump forced Grady to resign on April 9 . McAleenan then named David Pekoske , who currently also serves as the TSA Administrator , as the acting Deputy Secretary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lyndon_B._Johnson", "text": "Lyndon Baines Johnson ( /ˈlɪndən ˈbeɪnz/ ; August 27 , 1908 - January 22 , 1973 ) , often referred to by the initials LBJ , was an American politician who served as the 36th president of the United States from 1963 to 1969 . Formerly the 37th vice president from 1961 to 1963 , he assumed the presidency following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . A Democrat from Texas , Johnson also served as a United States Representative and as the Majority Leader in the United States Senate . Johnson is one of only four people who have served in all four federal elected positions . [ b ] Born in a farmhouse in Stonewall , Texas , Johnson was a high school teacher and worked as a congressional aide before winning election to the US House of Representatives in 1937 . Johnson won election to the United States Senate from Texas in 1948 after winning the Democratic Party 's nomination by an extremely narrow margin that was manufactured by friendly political machines . He was appointed to the position of Senate Majority Whip in 1951 . He became the Senate Minority Leader in 1953 and the Senate Majority Leader in 1955 . He became known for his domineering personality and the Johnson treatment , his aggressive coercion of powerful politicians to advance legislation . Johnson , along with Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Sam Rayburn of Texas , Senate Majority Whip Earle Clements of Kentucky , and House Majority Whip Carl Albert of Oklahoma , did not sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto drafted by Southern Democrats in the 84th U.S. Congress , despite representing states where racial segregation of public schools had been legally required prior to the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education U.S. Supreme Court case . As Majority Leader , Johnson shepherded the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960 to passage . Johnson ran for the Democratic nomination in the 1960 presidential election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1824_Pennsylvania's_8th_congressional_district_special_election", "text": "On April 20 , 1824 , Thomas J. Rogers ( DR ) , of Pennsylvania 's 8th district resigned , leaving a vacancy which was filled by a special election on October 12 , 1824 , the same day as the general election for the 19th Congress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vishnu", "text": "Vishnu ( /ˈvɪʃnuː/ ; Sanskrit pronunciation : [ ʋɪʂɳʊ ] ; Sanskrit : विष्णु , IAST : Viṣṇu ) is one of the principal deities of Hinduism . The preserver in the Hindu triad ( Trimurti ) , Vishnu is revered as the supreme being In Vaishnavism as identical to the metaphysical concept of Brahman ( Atman , the self , or unchanging ultimate reality ) , and is notable for adopting various incarnations ( avatars such as Rama and Krishna ) to preserve and protect dharmic principles whenever the world is threatened with evil , chaos , and destructive forces . In the Smarta Tradition of Hinduism Vishnu is also one of the five equivalent deities worshipped in Panchayatana puja ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grindelwald", "text": "Grindelwald is a village and municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Berne in Switzerland . In addition to the village of Grindelwald , the municipality also includes the settlements of Alpiglen , Burglauenen , Grund , Itramen , Mühlebach , Schwendi , Tschingelberg and Wargistal . Grindelwald village is located at 1,034 m ( 3,392 ft ) above sea level in the Bernese Alps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Jacobs_(broadcaster)", "text": "David Lewis Jacobs , CBE ( 19 May 1926 - 2 September 2013 ) was a British broadcaster perhaps best known as presenter of the BBC Television 1960s peak-time show Juke Box Jury , and as chairman of the long-running BBC Radio 4 topical forum Any Questions ? Earlier radio work included small acting parts : over the years he played himself or presenter characters in film , television and radio productions . Jacobs finally stepped down as a BBC Radio 2 presenter shortly before his death , his career having spanned more than 65 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/LF_Arena", "text": "LF Arena is a football stadium in Piteå , Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Piteå IF . LF Arena has a total capacity of 6,000 spectators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Coleman_(Irish_musician)", "text": "Michael Coleman ( 31 January 1891 - 4 January 1945 ) was a virtuoso Irish fiddler from County Sligo , and a major exponent of the Sligo fiddle style ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chelsea_F.C._Reserves_and_Academy", "text": "Chelsea F.C . Under-23s are the under-23 team of Chelsea Football Club . They play in the Premier League 2 , which is the top level of reserve football in England . They were the champions in the 2013-14 season . The team mainly consists of under-21 players at the club , although senior players occasionally have an appearance , for instance when they are recovering from injury . The under-23 team is managed by Andy Myers . Chelsea F.C . Academy is the under-18 team of Chelsea Football Club . It is a member of the Professional U18 Development League . They have won the FA Youth Cup nine times , including five consecutive titles between 2014 and 2018 . The academy is regarded as one of the best in English football [ citation needed ] and has produced many successful players such as the brothers Ron and Allan Harris , Peter Bonetti , Bobby Tambling , Barry Bridges , Bert Murray , John Hollins , Peter Osgood , Ray Wilkins , Graeme Le Saux , Bobby Smith , Terry Venables , Jimmy Greaves , and John Terry . The under-18 team is managed by Ed Brand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Happy_Valley,_Hong_Kong", "text": "Happy Valley ( Chinese : 跑馬地 ) is an upper-income residential area in Hong Kong , located on Hong Kong Island . The area is bordered by Caroline Hill to the east , Jardine 's Lookout to the south , Morrison Hill to the west , and Causeway Bay to the north . Administratively , it is part of Wan Chai District . Happy Valley is considered as an area surrounded by Caroline Hill Road to the east , Tai Hang Road and Stubbs Road to the south , Canal Road Flyover and westbound section of Wong Nai Chung Road to the west , and Leighton Road to the north . The area is home to the Happy Valley Racecourse , Hong Kong Racing Museum , Hong Kong Jockey Club Happy Valley Clubhouse , Hong Kong Sanatorium and Hospital , Hong Kong Adventist Hospital - Stubbs Road , home to a number of sports club including Valley RFC rugby club , Craigengower Cricket Club , Hong Kong FC football club , and a number of cemeteries including the Hong Kong Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Back_to_Back_(1996_film)", "text": "Back to Back , also known as American Yakuza 2 , and Back to Back : American Yakuza 2 , is a 1996 American action film . It is directed by Roger Nygard and written by Nygard and Scott Nimerfro ( who is credited under the name , Lloyd Keith ) . The film was produced by W.K . Border , Thomas Calabrese , Takashige Ichise , Aki Komine , Michael Leahy , and Joel Soisson . It stars Michael Rooker , Ryo Ishibashi , and Danielle Harris . It is a sequel to the 1993 film , American Yakuza ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tweenies", "text": "Tweenies is a British live action children 's entertainment series created by Will Brenton and Iain Lauchlan . The programme is centred on four pre-school aged characters , known as the Tweenies , playing , singing , dancing and learning in a fictional nursery in England . They are cared for by two adult Tweenies and two dogs . 390 episodes were broadcast between 6 September 1999 and 25 July 2002 . In 2000 , the show won a BAFTA award for Best Pre-school Live Action series , and singles featuring exclusive songs spent some weeks in the charts during the early 2000s . The series premiered on the BBC 's children 's block , and was repeated on CBeebies from the channel 's launch in 2002 until 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/French_Affair", "text": "French Affair was a German-French pop-dance band established in 1999 . It has found highest popularity in German-speaking countries . They scored a number of hits in Europe between 2000 and 2003 , including My Heart Goes Boom ( La Di Da Da ) , Do What You Like , Sexy , and Comme ci comme ça ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miracle_Mile,_Los_Angeles", "text": "Miracle Mile is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles , California . It contains a stretch of Wilshire Boulevard known as Museum Row . It also contains two Historic Preservation Overlay Zones : The Miracle Mile HPOZ and the Miracle Mile North HPOZ ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Myx_Music_Awards_2008", "text": "The following is a list of winners in the 2008 MYX Music Awards , held at the Meralco Theater , Ortigas Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Smilax_(K280)", "text": "HMS Smilax was originally launched as Tact ( PG-98 ) , an Action-class gunboat built for the United States Navy by Collingwood Shipyards , Ltd. , Collingwood , Ontario , Canada"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bancroft,_Queensland", "text": "Bancroft is a locality in the North Burnett Region , Queensland , Australia . At the 2016 census , Bancroft and the surrounding rural area had a population of 96 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alain_Wertheimer", "text": "Alain Wertheimer ( born September 28 , 1948 ) is a French businessman who , with his brother Gérard , own the controlling interest in the House of Chanel and also have an investment in Bell & Ross ."}
{"title": "/wiki/83rd_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 83rd Academy Awards ceremony , organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2010 in the United States and took place on February 27 , 2011 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST ( 8:30 p.m. EST ) . During the ceremony , Academy Awards ( commonly called the Oscars ) were presented in 24 competitive categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Bruce Cohen and Don Mischer , with Mischer also serving as director . Actors James Franco and Anne Hathaway co-hosted the ceremony , marking the first time for each . In related events , the Academy held its second annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 13 , 2010 . On February 12 , 2011 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Marisa Tomei . Inception and The King 's Speech won four awards each with the latter film winning Best Picture . Other winners included The Social Network with three awards , Alice in Wonderland , The Fighter , and Toy Story 3 , with two awards , and Black Swan , God of Love , In a Better World , Inside Job , The Lost Thing , Strangers No More , and The Wolfman with one . The telecast garnered almost 38 million viewers in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joe_Montana", "text": "Joseph Clifford Montana Jr. ( born June 11 , 1956 ) , nicknamed Joe Cool and the Comeback Kid , is an American former professional football player who was a quarterback in the National Football League ( NFL ) for 16 seasons , primarily with the San Francisco 49ers . He also played for Kansas City Chiefs . After winning a national championship at Notre Dame , Montana started his NFL career in 1979 with San Francisco , where he played for the next 14 seasons . While a member of the 49ers , Montana started and won four Super Bowls and was the first player ever to have been named Super Bowl Most Valuable Player three times . He also holds Super Bowl career records for most passes without an interception ( 122 in four games ) and the all-time highest passer rating of 127.8 . In 1993 , Montana was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs where he played his final two seasons , and led the franchise to its first AFC Championship Game in January 1994 . Montana was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000 , his first year of eligibility . In 1989 , and again in 1990 , the Associated Press named Montana the NFL Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) , and Sports Illustrated magazine named Montana the 1990 Sportsman of the Year . Four years earlier , in 1986 , Montana won the AP NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award . Montana was elected to eight Pro Bowls , as well as being voted 1st team All-Pro by the AP in 1987 , 1989 , and 1990 . Montana had the highest passer rating in the National Football Conference ( NFC ) five times ( 1981 , 1984 , 1985 , 1987 , and 1989 ) ; and , in both 1987 and 1989 , Montana had the highest passer rating in the NFL . Among his career highlights , The Catch ( the game-winning touchdown pass vs. Dallas in the 1981 NFC Championship Game ) and a Super Bowl-winning 92-yard drive against the Bengals in Super Bowl XXIII are staples of NFL highlight films ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shiga_Prefecture", "text": "Shiga Prefecture ( 滋賀県 , Shiga-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kansai region of Honshu . Shiga Prefecture has a population of 1,412,916 ( 1 October 2015 ) and has a geographic area of 4,017 km² ( 1,551 sq mi ) . Shiga Prefecture borders Fukui Prefecture to the north , Gifu Prefecture to the northeast , Mie Prefecture to the southeast , and Kyoto Prefecture to the west . Ōtsu is the capital and largest city of Shiga Prefecture , with other major cities including Kusatsu , Nagahama , and Higashiōmi . Shiga Prefecture encircles Lake Biwa , the largest freshwater lake in Japan , and 37% of the total land area is designated as Natural Parks , the highest of any prefecture . Shiga Prefecture 's southern half is located adjacent to the former capital city of Kyoto and forms part of Greater Kyoto , the fourth-largest metropolitan area in Japan . Shiga Prefecture is home to Ōmi beef , the Eight Views of Ōmi , and Hikone Castle , one of four national treasure castles in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kingdom_Hearts_III", "text": "Kingdom Hearts III [ a ] is a 2019 action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One . It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , and serves as a conclusion of the Dark Seeker Saga story arc that began with the original game . Set after the events of Kingdom Hearts 3D : Dream Drop Distance , returning protagonist Sora is joined by Donald Duck , Goofy , King Mickey and Riku in their search for seven guardians of light as they attempt to thwart Xehanort 's plan to bring about a second Keyblade War . Their journey has them cross paths with characters and visit worlds based on different Disney and Pixar intellectual properties . Concepts for Kingdom Hearts III began as early as 2005 after the release of Kingdom Hearts II in Japan , with the game not being announced until 2013 , following years of rumors and speculation . The game features recurring gameplay elements from the series , while expanding parties to five characters total , introducing new Attraction Flow attacks that incorporate various Disney Parks attractions , and including minigames inspired by classic Walt Disney Productions Mickey Mouse cartoons in the style of 1980s LCD games . Kingdom Hearts III was released worldwide in January 2019 , and was met with generally positive reviews from critics . It sold over five million copies within its first week of release , becoming both the fastest-selling and best-selling game in the series ' history . A downloadable content expansion of the game titled Kingdom Hearts III Re Mind [ b ] was released on January 23 , 2020 for PlayStation 4 , and is scheduled for a February 25 release for Xbox One ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Larimer_County,_Colorado", "text": "Larimer County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2010 census , the population was 299,630 . The county seat and most populous city is Fort Collins . The county was named for William Larimer , Jr. , the founder of Denver . Larimer County comprises the Fort Collins , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area . The county is located at the northern end of the Front Range , at the edge of the Colorado Eastern Plains along the border with Wyoming ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gò_Đậu_Stadium", "text": "Go Dau Stadium ( Vietnamese : Sân vận động Gò Ðậu ) is a multi-use stadium in Thu Dau Mot , Vietnam . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Becamex Binh Duong F.C . The stadium holds 18,250 people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RML_7_inch_gun", "text": "The RML 7-inch guns were various designs of medium-sized rifled muzzle-loading guns used to arm small to medium-sized British warships in the late 19th century , and some were used ashore for coast defence ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Criminal_Investigator", "text": "The Criminal Investigator ( Traditional Chinese : O記實錄 ; lit . The O Files ) is a 1995 Hong Kong police procedural television drama . Produced by Jonathan Chik with a screenplay co-written and edited by Chow Yuk-ming , the drama is a TVB production . The story follows a team of investigators from the Organized Crime and Triad Bureau ( OCTB ) unit of the Royal Hong Kong Police Force ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nike,_Inc.", "text": "Nike , Inc. ( /ˈnaɪki/ ) [ note 1 ] is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear , apparel , equipment , accessories , and services . The company is headquartered near Beaverton , Oregon , in the Portland metropolitan area . It is the world 's largest supplier of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment , with revenue in excess of US $ 24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 ( ending May 31 , 2012 ) . As of 2012 , it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide . In 2014 the brand alone was valued at $ 19 billion , making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses . As of 2017 , the Nike brand is valued at $ 29.6 billion . Nike ranked No . 89 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue . The company was founded on January 25 , 1964 , as Blue Ribbon Sports , by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight , and officially became Nike , Inc. on May 30 , 1971 . The company takes its name from Nike , the Greek goddess of victory . Nike markets its products under its own brand , as well as Nike Golf , Nike Pro , Nike+ , Air Jordan , Nike Blazers , Air Force 1 , Nike Dunk , Air Max , Foamposite , Nike Skateboarding , Nike CR7 , and subsidiaries including Brand Jordan , Hurley International and Converse . Nike also owned Bauer Hockey ( later renamed Nike Bauer ) from 1995 to 2008 , and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I've_Never_Been_to_Me", "text": "I 've Never Been to Me is a ballad , written and composed by Ron Miller and Kenneth Hirsch and made popular via a recording by American singer Charlene . Although its original release in 1977 barely registered on the Billboard Hot 100 , its re-release in 1982 hit number three in the US and earned her a Gold certification in Australia , where it held the number one spot for six weeks . In addition , the song topped the charts in Canada ( 4 weeks ) , Ireland ( 3 weeks ) , and the United Kingdom . It was also a Top Ten triumph in Norway , Belgium , New Zealand , and the Netherlands , and became Motown 's first Top Ten hit by a white female solo singer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coan_Baptist_Church", "text": "Coan Baptist Church , also known as Wicomico Church , is a historic Southern Baptist church located near Heathsville , Northumberland County , Virginia . It was built in 1846 , and is a rectangular , two-story , gable-roofed , brick structure . It has Federal and Greek Revival style design elements . Additions were made in 1957 and 1975 . The congregation was founded in 1804 as the Wicomico Church . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Park_Service", "text": "The National Park Service ( NPS ) is an agency of the United States federal government that manages all national parks , many national monuments , and other conservation and historical properties with various title designations . It was created on August 25 , 1916 , by Congress through the National Park Service Organic Act and is an agency of the United States Department of the Interior . The NPS is charged with a dual role of preserving the ecological and historical integrity of the places entrusted to its management while also making them available and accessible for public use and enjoyment . As of 2018 [ update ] , the NPS employs approximately 12,363 employees who oversee 419 units , of which 62 are designated national parks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Famous_Monsters_of_Filmland", "text": "Famous Monsters of Filmland is an American genre-specific film magazine , started in 1958 by publisher James Warren and editor Forrest J Ackerman . Famous Monsters of Filmland directly inspired the creation of many other similar publications , including Castle of Frankenstein , Cinefantastique , Fangoria , The Monster Times , and Video Watchdog . In addition , hundreds , if not thousands , of FM-influenced horror , fantasy and science fiction movie-related fanzines have been produced , some of which have continued to publish for decades , such as Midnight Marquee and Little Shoppe of Horrors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IV_Corps_(German_Empire)", "text": "The IV Army Corps / IV AK ( German : IV . Armee-Korps ) was a corps level command of the Prussian and then the Imperial German Armies from the 19th Century to World War I . It was established on 3 October 1815 as the General Command in the Duchy of Saxony ( Generalkommando im Herzogtum Sachsen ) and became the IV Army Corps on August 30 , 1818 . Its headquarters was in Magdeburg and its catchment area included the Prussian Province of Saxony and the adjacent Saxon Duchies ( Saxe-Altenburg , Anhalt ) and Principalities ( Schwarzburg-Sondershausen , Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt , Reuss Elder Line and Reuss Junior Line ) . In peacetime , the Corps was assigned to the VI Army Inspectorate but joined the 1st Army at the start of the First World War . It was still in existence at the end of the war in the 6th Army , Heeresgruppe Kronprinz Rupprecht on the Western Front . The Corps was disbanded with the demobilisation of the German Army after World War I ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Future_Shop", "text": "Future Shop was a Canadian electronics store chain . It was established in 1982 by Hassan Khosrowshahi . By 1990 , the chain had become the country 's largest retailer of computer and consumer electronics . In January 2013 , the company operated 139 locations across Canada . In November 2001 , Future Shop was acquired by the similar American chain Best Buy for C $ 580 million . Although Best Buy began to establish Canadian locations under its own name following the purchase , it continued to operate the Future Shop stores as a separate chain . Even though many of the new Best Buy locations were in close proximity to existing Future Shop stores , the two chains were differentiated primarily by their in-store experiences . On March 28 , 2015 , Best Buy announced the dissolution of the Future Shop brand and the closure of 66 of its locations . The remaining stores were converted to the Best Buy branding and format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlie_Sweasy", "text": "Charles James Sweasy ( November 2 , 1847 - March 30 , 1908 ) , born Swasey , played second base for the original Cincinnati Red Stockings , the first fully professional baseball team . He returned to Cincinnati in 1876 , hired by the new club that was a charter member of the National League . In the meantime he played for six teams during the five seasons of the National Association , so he may be considered one of the first journeyman ballplayers . A right-handed thrower and batter , he almost exclusively played second base . Born 1847 in Newark , New Jersey , Sweasy 's debut with a major team was in 1866 with the New Jersey Irvingtons that hailed from Irvington , New Jersey about 20 miles inland . Irvington was a new member of the National Association of Base Ball Players , with many other clubs as the association tripled in size to more than 90 in its first post-war season . The Irvingtons frightened the champion Brooklyn Atlantics by winning their first meeting on June 14 and losing their third one only in extra innings on October 29 . Several team members would later play professionally including Sweasy and Andy Leonard , also of Newark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2014", "text": "The 15th Annual Latin Grammy Awards was held on November 20 , 2014 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Paradise . This was the first time that Latin Grammys has been held at this location . The main telecast was broadcast on Univision at 8:00PM EST . The nominations were announced on September 24 , 2014 . Puerto Rican musician Eduardo Cabra led the nominations with ten nominations each . Joan Manuel Serrat was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 19 , the day prior to the Latin Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2010 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 26-29 . The top eight regular season finishers of the league 's twelve teams , regardless of division , met in the double-elimination tournament held at V.A . Memorial Stadium in Chillicothe , Ohio . Kent State won their second consecutive tournament , and eighth overall , to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/State_of_Shock_(band)", "text": "State of Shock is a Canadian band from Vancouver , British Columbia . Formed by Jesse Wainwright and Johnny Philippon , they made their debut in June 2004 with their album Guilty by Association after winning CFOX-FM 's Seeds contest , and won Favourite New Group of the Year at the 2005 Canadian Music Awards . They became better known in early 2007 , with the release of their album Life , Love & Lies . Included in the album was their successful debut single , Money Honey , which won the band a Juno Award nomination for New Group of the Year , two Canadian Radio Music Awards in the category of Best New Group for both rock and CHR formats , as well as a Canadian Indie Music Award for Favourite Single of the Year . The single eventually reached the double platinum sales mark for digital sales in Canada and stayed on Billboard 's Canadian Hot 100 chart for nearly a year . With their second single Hearts that Bleed , the band enjoyed a top-ten slot at MuchMusic and rock radio . During the summer of 2007 , State of Shock went on a Canada-wide tour supporting bands such as Nickelback and Puddle of Mudd , and opening for Aerosmith in front of 27,000 people at Sarnia Bayfest . State of Shock released their third and most recent studio album , Rock N ' Roll Romance , on September 20 , 2011 . Both albums were produced by Jeff Dawson and mixed by Mike Fraser . In 2014 , Jesse Wainwright ( guitar , backing vocals ) teamed up with country singer Stacey McKitrick as a new country duo , Austin Belle , with Kadooh ( Simon Clow ) playing guitar for Austin Belle 's live shows ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stephen_Greene_(politician)", "text": "Stephen Greene ( born December 8 , 1949 ) is a Canadian politician and an independent member of the Senate of Canada . He was appointed on the advice of Stephen Harper to the Senate on January 2 , 2009 , and sat as a Conservative Senator until May 2017 , when Senate Leader Larry Smith removed him for his support for Senate reform proposals put forth by the governing Liberal Party . Greene then decided to sit as an Independent Reform Senator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gray_bat", "text": "The gray bat ( Myotis grisescens ) is a species of microbat endemic to North America . The creature once flourished in caves all over the southeastern United States , but due to human disturbance , gray bat populations declined severely during the early and mid portion of the 20th century . At one cave alone , the Georgetown Cave in northwestern Alabama , populations declined from 150,000 gray bats to 10,000 by 1969 . 95% of gray bats now only roost in 9 caves . M. grisescens has been listed as federally endangered by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service since 1976 , and is protected under the Endangered Species Act . Gray bat populations were estimated at approximately 2 million bats around the time they were placed on the Endangered Species list . By the early 1980s populations of gray bats dropped to 1.6 million . With conservation efforts in place , in 2002 , gray bat populations were estimated to have reached 2.3 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Western_Region_of_British_Railways", "text": "The Western Region was a region of British Railways from 1948 . The region ceased to be an operating unit in its own right on completion of the Organising for Quality initiative on 6 April 1992 . The Region consisted principally of ex-Great Western Railway lines , minus certain lines west of Birmingham , which were transferred to the London Midland Region in 1963 and with the addition of all former Southern Railway routes west of Exeter , which were subsequently rationalised ."}
{"title": "/wiki/International_Air_Transport_Association_airport_code", "text": "An IATA airport code , also known as an IATA location identifier , IATA station code or simply a location identifier , is a three-letter geocode designating many airports and metropolitan areas around the world , defined by the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) . The characters prominently displayed on baggage tags attached at airport check-in desks are an example of a way these codes are used . The assignment of these codes is governed by IATA Resolution 763 , and it is administered by the IATA 's headquarters in Montreal . The codes are published semi-annually in the IATA Airline Coding Directory . IATA also provides codes for railway stations and for airport handling entities . A list of airports sorted by IATA code is available . A list of railway station codes , shared in agreements between airlines and rail lines such as Amtrak , SNCF French Railways , and Deutsche Bahn , is available . Many railway administrations have their own list of codes for their stations , such as the list of Amtrak station codes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lost_(season_2)", "text": "The second season of the American serial drama television series Lost commenced airing in the United States and Canada on September 21 , 2005 and concluded on May 24 , 2006 . The second season continues the stories of a group of over forty people who have been stranded on a remote island in the south Pacific , after their airplane crashed forty-four days prior to the beginning of the season . The producers have stated that as the first season is about introducing the survivors , the second season is about a 1970s scientific Dharma Initiative research station which the survivors discovered on the island and refer to as the hatch . The second season aired Wednesdays at 9:00 pm in the United States . In addition to the regular twenty-four episodes ( with a run time around 42 minutes each ) , three clip-shows recapped previous events on the show . Destination Lost aired before the premiere , Lost : Revelation aired before the tenth episode and Lost : Reckoning aired before the twentieth episode . The season was released on DVD as a seven disc boxed set under the title of Lost : The Complete Second Season - The Extended Experience on September 5 , 2006 by Buena Vista Home Entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Paciorek", "text": "Thomas Marian Paciorek ( /pəˈtʃɔːrɛk/ pə-CHOR-ek ; born November 2 , 1946 ) is a former outfielder and first baseman who spent 18 seasons in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) with the Los Angeles Dodgers ( 1970-1975 ) , Atlanta Braves ( 1976-1978 ) , Seattle Mariners ( 1978-1981 ) , Chicago White Sox ( 1982-1985 ) , New York Mets ( 1985 ) and Texas Rangers ( 1986-1987 ) . He appeared twice in the postseason , with the National League ( NL ) Champion Dodgers in 1974 and the American League ( AL ) West-winning White Sox in 1983 . Following his retirement as an active player , he worked as a color commentator for various MLB clubs , most notably the White Sox where he was teamed with Ken Harrelson on telecasts throughout the 1990s . Paciorek is famously known by the nickname Wimpy , which was given to him by Tom Lasorda after a dinner with minor league teammates in which he was the only one to order a hamburger instead of steak ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rimnersvallen", "text": "Rimnersvallen is a multi-use stadium in Uddevalla , Sweden . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 10,605 people . The ground was opened on 5 May 1923 and was then rebuilt for the 1958 World Cup for which the stadium hosted two games . One of the World Cup matches played at Rimnersvallen was between Brazil and Austria . That game ended 3-0 to Brazil and was watched by 17,778 spectators , which remains the all-time attendance record for the venue . Rimnersvallen is currently the home venue for IK Oddevold who play in Division 1 Södra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kellie_Pickler", "text": "Kellie Dawn Pickler ( born June 28 , 1986 ) is an American country music singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . Pickler gained fame as a contestant on the fifth season of American Idol and finished in sixth place . In 2006 , she signed to 19 Recordings and BNA Records as a recording artist . Her debut album , Small Town Girl , was released later that year and has sold over 900,000 copies . The album , which was certified gold by the RIAA , produced three singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts : Red High Heels at No . 15 , I Wonder at No . 14 , and Things That Never Cross a Man 's Mind at No . 16 . Pickler released her self-titled second album in 2008 that produced four singles : Do n't You Know You 're Beautiful at No . 21 , Best Days of Your Life at No . 9 ( which she co-wrote with Taylor Swift ) , Did n't You Know How Much I Loved You at No . 14 , and Makin ' Me Fall in Love Again at No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Asher_Noria", "text": "Asher Noria ( born 20 November 1992 ) is an Indian shooter . He has won several national and international medals for India . He is the only shooter in the world who has won the double trap event of the International Shooting Junior World Cup for two consecutive years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Toronto_Blue_Jays_season", "text": "The 2013 Toronto Blue Jays season was the 37th season of Major League Baseball 's Toronto Blue Jays franchise , and the 24th full season of play ( 25th overall ) at the Rogers Centre . Despite high expectations heading into the season , the Blue Jays finished 74-88 , in last place in the division ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_Jia-A_League_1999", "text": "The 1999 Chinese Jia-A League season is the sixth season of professional association football and the 38th top-tier overall league season in China . It was named the Pepsi Chinese Jia-A League for sponsorship reasons , while the league started on March 21 and ended on December 5 , 1999 and saw Shandong Luneng win the championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Making_Mirrors", "text": "Making Mirrors is the third studio album by Belgian-Australian artist Gotye . The album was released in Australia on 19 August 2011 . In December 2011 it was announced that Making Mirrors was voted Triple J listeners ' number-one album of 2011 , making Gotye the first artist to win the Triple J album poll twice . It included the hit Somebody That I Used to Know , which reached and topped charts worldwide . In Poland , after one day of release , the album was certified platinum . The album won the 2013 Grammy for Best Alternative Music Album . The album was largely recorded at a converted studio at Gotye 's parents ' farm in the Mornington Peninsula ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cape_Province", "text": "The Province of the Cape of Good Hope ( Afrikaans : Provinsie Kaap die Goeie Hoop ) , commonly referred to as the Cape Province ( Afrikaans : Kaapprovinsie ) and colloquially as The Cape ( Afrikaans : Die Kaap ) , was a province in the Union of South Africa and subsequently the Republic of South Africa . It encompassed the old Cape Colony , as well as Walvis Bay , and had Cape Town as its capital . Following the end of the Apartheid era , the Cape Province was split up to form the new Eastern Cape , Northern Cape and Western Cape provinces , along with part of the North West ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NRHP", "text": "The National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) is the United States federal government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures and objects deemed worthy of preservation for their historical significance . A property listed in the National Register , or located within a National Register Historic District , may qualify for tax incentives derived from the total value of expenses incurred in preserving the property . The passage of the National Historic Preservation Act ( NHPA ) in 1966 established the National Register and the process for adding properties to it . Of the more than one million properties on the National Register , 80,000 are listed individually . The remainder are contributing resources within historic districts . For most of its history , the National Register has been administered by the National Park Service ( NPS ) , an agency within the United States Department of the Interior . Its goals are to help property owners and interest groups , such as the National Trust for Historic Preservation , as well as coordinate , identify and protect historic sites in the United States . While National Register listings are mostly symbolic , their recognition of significance provides some financial incentive to owners of listed properties . Protection of the property is not guaranteed . During the nomination process , the property is evaluated in terms of the four criteria for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places . The application of those criteria has been the subject of criticism by academics of history and preservation , as well as the public and politicians . Occasionally , historic sites outside the country proper , but associated with the United States ( such as the American Embassy in Tangiers ) are also listed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cicada_(horse)", "text": "Cicada ( May 9 , 1959 - 1981 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was the first filly in American racing history to be awarded consecutive championships at the ages of two , three and four . She was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gangwon_FC", "text": "Gangwon FC ( Hangul : 강원 FC ) is a South Korean football club . Based in Gangwon Province of South Korea , Gangwon FC joined the K League as its 15th club for the 2009 season . The club is sponsored by High1 Resort ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sabrina_Mockenhaupt", "text": "Sabrina Mockenhaupt ( born 6 December 1980 in Siegen ) is a German long-distance runner who specialises in track events and the marathon . She is a two-time winner of the Cologne Marathon and has also won the Frankfurt Marathon and the Berlin Half Marathon . She represented Germany at the 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics and was the 3000 metres bronze medallist at the 2005 European Indoor Championships . She has a marathon best of 2:26:21 , set at the 2010 Berlin Marathon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_South_Korean_films_of_1991", "text": "A list of films produced in South Korea in 1991 :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Naval_Outlying_Field_Spencer", "text": "Naval Outlying Field Spencer ( ICAO : KNRQ , FAA LID : NRQ ) is a military airport located two miles ( 3 km ) northeast of Pace , Florida , in Santa Rosa County . It is owned by the United States Navy . NOLF Spencer is one mile north of U.S. Highway 90 , 3.5 miles west of the City of Milton , just over 6 miles east of the Escambia River and about 7 miles southwest of NAS Whiting Field . This airfield is situated on 640 acres ( 259 ha ) and has eight runways , all 1800 feet long by 200 feet wide . These runways are arranged to make two squares , one whose vertices approximately point North , South , East and West , and another which lies directly on top but is rotated 45° . Its mission is to support helicopter operations of the Naval Air Training Command and it remains under the control of Commander , Training Air Wing FIVE at nearby NAS Whiting Field . Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA , Naval Outlying Field Spencer is assigned NRQ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/10th_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 10th Indian Infantry Division was a war formed infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II . In four years , the division travelled over 4,000 miles ( 6,400 km ) from Tehran to Trieste , fought three little wars , and fought two great campaigns : Anglo-Iraqi War , Invasion of Syria-Lebanon , Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran , North African Campaign , and Italian Campaign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Racing_game", "text": "The racing video game genre is the genre of video games , either in the first-person or third-person perspective , in which the player partakes in a racing competition with any type of land , water , air or space vehicles . They may be based on anything from real-world racing leagues to entirely fantastical settings . In general , they can be distributed along a spectrum anywhere between hardcore simulations , and simpler arcade racing games . Racing games may also fall under the category of sports games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cheonan_Stadium", "text": "Cheonan Stadium ( Korean : 천안종합운동장 ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Cheonan , South Korea . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 26,000 spectators . It was built in 2001 . On 15 October 2013 , the South Korea national football team used the stadium for the first time in the friendly match against Mali , which ended in a 3-1 victory for South Korea . The stadium hosted nine matches at the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/C._V._Rajendran", "text": "C. V. Rajendran ( died April 1 , 2018 ) was an Indian film director and producer who worked in the Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam , Kannada and Hindi film industry . He was a cousin of famous director C. V. Sridhar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1970", "text": "Miss World 1970 , the 20th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 20 November 1970 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . 58 contestants competed for the Miss World title . Jennifer Hosten from Grenada won the crown of Miss World 1970 . She was crowned by Miss World 1969 , Eva Rueber-Staier of Austria . The event was marked by controversy in the days beforehand , during the contest itself and afterwards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honourable_Society_of_Cymmrodorion", "text": "The Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion ( Welsh : Anrhydeddus Gymdeithas y Cymmrodorion ) , often called simply the Cymmrodorion , is a London-based Welsh learned society , with membership open to all . It was first established in 1751 as a social , cultural , literary and philanthropic institution . It fell into abeyance between 1787 and 1820 , and again between 1843 and 1873 . In its second and third incarnations its interests have been predominantly cultural and antiquarian . The present society claims continuity from that founded in 1751 , although the three successive societies have in fact been slightly different in character and aims . The society continues to be based in London , but now draws two-thirds of its membership from Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mayakkam_Enna", "text": "Mayakkam Enna ( English : What is this illusion ? ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil musical [ drama ] ] film written and directed by Selvaraghavan and produced by Gemini Film Circuit in association with Aum Productions Selvaraghavan its own banner . It stars his brother Dhanush , along with newcomer Richa Gangopadhyay , and features music scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar while the cinematography was handled by Ramji . Mayakkam Enna depicts the story of an aspiring wildlife photographer and his struggles in life . The film , produced and distributed by Gemini Film Circuit , was released on 25 November 2011. after originally being slated to air on the same day as Osthi . The film was also dubbed and released in Telugu as Mr.Karthik ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tony_Hymas", "text": "Anthony James Keith Tony Hymas is an English keyboard player , pianist , and composer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlantic_Club_Casino_Hotel", "text": "The Atlantic Club Casino Hotel , formerly known as Golden Nugget , Bally 's Grand , The Grand , Atlantic City Hilton and ACH , is a closed casino and hotel located at the southern end of the boardwalk in Atlantic City , New Jersey , owned and operated by Colony Capital . It was the city 's first and only locals casino . The Atlantic Club permanently closed on January 13 , 2014 , at 12:01 AM , largely as a result of dwindling casino visitors to Atlantic City due to increased competition in neighboring states . A third of Atlantic City 's boardwalk casinos closed the same year , the others being Revel , Trump Plaza , and Showboat . Redevelopment proposals include a water park . On November 6 , 2013 , Atlantic Club owner Resorts International Holdings , itself owned by Colony Capital , filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and a source revealed to the Wall Street Journal that a bankruptcy sale would occur . On December 23 , 2013 , Federal Bankruptcy Judge Gloria M. Burns approved the sale of Atlantic Club to Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Tropicana Entertainment . Tropicana acquired the gaming equipment and the data records of customers from Atlantic Club . Caesars acquired the real estate and non-gaming assets . This returned ownership of the property to Caesars Entertainment , which sold it nine years before to Colony Capital as part of its acquisition by Harrah 's Entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yasmine_Bleeth", "text": "Yasmine Amanda Bleeth ( born June 14 , 1968 ) is an American former actress . Her television roles include Caroline Holden on Baywatch , Ryan Fenelli on Ryan 's Hope , and LeeAnn Demerest on One Life to Live ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Danville_Braves", "text": "The Danville Braves are a minor league baseball team in Danville , Virginia . They are an Advanced Rookie-level team in the Appalachian League and have been a farm team of the Atlanta Braves since 1982 . Since 1993 , the Braves have played home games at American Legion Post 325 Field . Opened in 1993 , Legion Field seats 2,588 fans . Previously , they played at Calfee Park in Pulaski . On September 3 , 2006 , Danville won their first ever Appalachian League championship , defeating the Elizabethton Twins 2 games to 1 , in a best of three series . On September 3 , 2009 , Danville won their second Appalachian League championship , again defeating the Elizabethton Twins , this time two games to zero . The Danville Braves mascot is a large , green bird named Blooper . In 2019 it had attendance of 30,000 . In late 2019 it was reported that the team is among a number of minor league teams that might face restructuring following the 2020 season that would strip the team of its major league affiliation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Esteghlal_FSC", "text": "Esteghlal Tehran Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال استقلال تهران ) was an Iranian futsal club based in Tehran , Iran . Esteghlal were the champions of the Premiere Futsal League in 2001 and 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Pablo_Montoya", "text": "Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈxwan ˈpaβlo monˈtoʝa ] ; born September 20 , 1975 ) , is a Colombian-American racing driver . He currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship driving for Acura Team Penske , having won the championship in 2019 . He won the International F3000 championship in 1998 , the CART FedEx Championship Series in 1999 in his debut year in the series , and the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2019 . His race wins include the Indianapolis 500 ( 2000 , 2015 ) , Grand Prix of Monaco ( 2003 ) , 24 Hours of Daytona ( 2007 , 2008 , 2013 ) , British Grand Prix ( 2005 ) , Italian Grand Prix ( 2001 , 2005 ) , Grand Prix of Long Beach ( 1999 ) , and the Race of Champions ( 2017 ) . Montoya is , alongside Fernando Alonso , one of only two active drivers who have won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition . Montoya also equals Mario Andretti and Dan Gurney by winning races in Indy cars , Formula One cars and NASCAR Cup cars . In October 2009 , Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online 's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Galveston,_Texas", "text": "Galveston ( /ˈɡælvɪstən/ GAL-vis-tən ) is a coastal resort city and port off the southeast coast on Galveston Island and Pelican Island in the American State of Texas . The community of 209.3 square miles ( 542 km2 ) , with a population of 47,743 in 2010 , is the county seat of surrounding Galveston County and second-largest municipality in the county . It is also within the Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land metropolitan area at its southern end on the northwestern coast of the Gulf of Mexico . Galveston , or Galvez ' town , was named after the Spanish military and political leader in the 18th century : Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid , Count of Gálvez ( 1746-1786 ) , who was born in Macharaviaya , Málaga , in the Kingdom of Spain . Galveston 's first European settlements on the Galveston Island were built around 1816 by French pirate Louis-Michel Aury to help the fledgling Republic of Mexico fight for independence from Spain , along with other colonies in the Western Hemisphere of the Americas in Central and South America in the 1810s and 1820s . The Port of Galveston was established in 1825 by the Congress of Mexico following its independence from Spain . The city was the main port for the fledgling Texas Navy during the Texas Revolution of 1836 , and later served temporarily as the new national capital of the Republic of Texas . During the 19th century , Galveston became a major U.S. commercial center and one of the largest ports in the United States . It was for a time , Texas ' largest city , known as the Queen City of the Gulf . It was devastated by the unexpected Galveston Hurricane of 1900 , whose effects included massive flooding and a storm surge which nearly wiped out the town . The natural disaster on the exposed barrier island is still ranked today as the deadliest in United States history , with an estimated death toll of 6,000 to 12,000 people . The city subsequently reemerged during the Prohibition era of 1919-1933 as a leading tourist hub and a center of illegal gambling , nicknamed the Free State of Galveston until this era ended in the 1950s with subsequent other economic and social development ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Procter_&_Gamble_Productions", "text": "The Procter & Gamble Company ( P & G ) is an American multinational consumer goods corporation headquartered in Cincinnati , Ohio , founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble . It specializes in a wide range of personal health/consumer health , and personal care and hygiene products ; these products are organized into several segments including Beauty ; Grooming ; Health Care ; Fabric & Home Care ; and Baby , Feminine , & Family Care . Before the sale of Pringles to Kellogg 's , its product portfolio also included foods , snacks , and beverages . P & G is incorporated in Ohio . In 2014 , P & G recorded $ 83.1 billion in sales . On August 1 , 2014 , P & G announced it was streamlining the company , dropping and selling off around 100 brands from its product portfolio in order to focus on the remaining 65 brands , which produced 95% of the company 's profits . A. G. Lafley - the company 's chairman , and CEO until October 31 , 2015 - said the future P & G would be a much simpler , much less complex company of leading brands that 's easier to manage and operate . David S. Taylor is the current chairman and CEO of P & G ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aakashamittayee", "text": "Akashamittayee is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language family drama film co-directed by Samuthirakani and M. Padmakumar . Written by Samuthirakani , it is a remake of his 2016 Tamil film Appa directed by Samuthirakani . The film stars Jayaram , Kalabhavan Shajohn , Iniya , and Sarayu in the lead roles . It was released in Kerala on 21 October 2017 . The movie nicely captures the area around Hindustan Newsprint Limited ( HNL ) , located at Velloor in Kottayam District in Kerala ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Allman_Brothers_Band", "text": "The Allman Brothers Band was an American rock band formed in Jacksonville , Florida in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman ( founder , slide guitar and lead guitar ) and Gregg Allman ( vocals , keyboards , songwriting ) , as well as Dickey Betts ( lead guitar , vocals , songwriting ) , Berry Oakley ( bass guitar ) , Butch Trucks ( drums ) , and Jai Johanny Jaimoe Johanson ( drums ) . The band incorporated elements of blues , jazz , and country music , and their live shows featured jam band-style improvisation and instrumentals . The group 's first two studio releases , The Allman Brothers Band ( 1969 ) and Idlewild South ( 1970 ) ( both released by Capricorn Records ) , stalled commercially , but their 1971 live release , At Fillmore East , represented an artistic and commercial breakthrough . The album features extended renderings of their songs In Memory of Elizabeth Reed and Whipping Post , and is considered among the best live albums ever made . Group leader Duane Allman was killed in a motorcycle accident later that year - on October 29 , 1971 , and the band dedicated Eat a Peach ( 1972 ) to his memory , a dual studio/live album that cemented the band 's popularity and featured Gregg Allman 's Melissa and Dickey Betts 's Blue Sky . Following the motorcycling death of bassist Berry Oakley exactly one year and 13 days later on November 11 , 1972 , the group recruited keyboardist Chuck Leavell and bassist Lamar Williams for 1973 's Brothers and Sisters . This album included Betts 's hit single Ramblin ' Man and instrumental Jessica . These tunes went on to become classic rock radio staples , and placed the group at the forefront of 1970s rock music . Internal turmoil overtook them soon after ; the group dissolved in 1976 , reformed briefly at the end of the decade with additional personnel changes , and dissolved again in 1982 . The band reformed once more in 1989 , releasing a string of new albums and touring heavily . A series of personnel changes in the late 1990s was capped by the departure of Betts . The group found stability during the 2000s with bassist Oteil Burbridge and guitarists Warren Haynes and Derek Trucks ( the nephew of their original drummer ) and became renowned for their month-long string of shows at New York City 's Beacon Theatre each spring ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saudi_Arabia", "text": "Saudi Arabia , [ c ] officially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , [ d ] is a country in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula . With a land area of approximately 2,150,000 km2 ( 830,000 sq mi ) , Saudi Arabia is geographically the largest sovereign state in Western Asia , the second-largest in the Arab world ( after Algeria ) , the fifth-largest in Asia , and the 12th-largest in the world . Saudi Arabia is bordered by Jordan and Iraq to the north , Kuwait to the northeast , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates to the east , Oman to the southeast and Yemen to the south ; it is separated from Israel and Egypt by the Gulf of Aqaba . It is the only nation with both a Red Sea coast and a Persian Gulf coast , and most of its terrain consists of arid desert , lowland and mountains . As of October 2018 , the Saudi economy was the largest in the Middle East and the 18th largest in the world . Saudi Arabia also has one of the world 's youngest populations ; 50 percent of its 33.4 million people are under 25 years old . The territory that now constitutes Saudi Arabia was the site of several ancient cultures and civilizations . The prehistory of Saudi Arabia shows some of the earliest traces of human activity in the world . The world 's second-largest religion , Islam , emerged in modern-day Saudi Arabia . In the early 7th century , the Islamic prophet Muhammad united the population of Arabia and created a single Islamic religious polity . Following his death in 632 , his followers rapidly expanded the territory under Muslim rule beyond Arabia , conquering huge and unprecedented swathes of territory ( from the Iberian Peninsula in the West to modern-day Pakistan in the East ) in a matter of decades . Arab dynasties originating from modern-day Saudi Arabia founded the Rashidun ( 632-661 ) , Umayyad ( 661-750 ) , Abbasid ( 750-1517 ) and Fatimid ( 909-1171 ) caliphates as well as numerous other dynasties in Asia , Africa and Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yelena_Belova_(biathlete)", "text": "Elena Pavlovna Belova ( Russian : Елена Павловна Белова ) ; born 25 July 1965 ) is a former Russian biathlete who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Webster", "text": "Daniel Webster ( January 18 , 1782 - October 24 , 1852 ) was an American statesman who represented New Hampshire and Massachusetts in the United States Congress and served as the United States Secretary of State under Presidents William Henry Harrison , John Tyler , and Millard Fillmore . He was also a prominent attorney , especially during the period of the Marshall Court . Throughout his career , he was a member of the Federalist Party , the National Republican Party , and the Whig Party . Born in New Hampshire in 1782 , Webster established a successful legal practice in Portsmouth , New Hampshire after undergoing a legal apprenticeship . He emerged as a prominent opponent of the War of 1812 and won election to the United States House of Representatives , where he served as a leader of the Federalist Party . Webster left office after two terms and relocated to Boston , Massachusetts . He became a leading attorney before the Supreme Court of the United States , winning cases such as Dartmouth College v. Woodward , McCulloch v. Maryland , and Gibbons v. Ogden . Webster returned to the House in 1823 and became a key supporter of President John Quincy Adams . He won election to the United States Senate in 1827 and worked with Henry Clay to build the National Republican Party in support of Adams . After Andrew Jackson defeated Adams in the 1828 presidential election , Webster became a leading opponent of Jackson 's domestic policies . He strongly objected to the theory of nullification espoused by John C. Calhoun , and his Second Reply to Hayne speech is widely regarded as one of the greatest speeches ever delivered in Congress . Webster supported Jackson 's defiant response to the Nullification Crisis , but broke with the president due to disagreements over the Second Bank of the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Päijänne_Water_Tunnel", "text": "The Päijänne Water Tunnel ( Finnish : Päijännetunneli , Swedish : Päijännetunneln ) , located in Southern Finland , is the world 's second longest tunnel ( after the Delaware Aqueduct in the USA ) . It is 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) long and runs 30-100 meters under the surface in bedrock . The purpose of the tunnel is to provide fresh water for the million plus people in Southern Finland in the cities of Helsinki , Espoo , Vantaa , Hyvinkää , Järvenpää , Kerava , Kauniainen , Kirkkonummi , Sipoo , and Tuusula . The former Porvoo Rural Municipality , now merged with the municipality of Porvoo , also took part in the building of the scheme but has never drawn water from it for domestic use . The tunnel starts at Asikkalanselkä in Lake Päijänne , which is the second largest lake in Finland , with an area of 1,080 square kilometres . The tunnel slopes slightly downhill so that water flows naturally . Water from the southern portion of Lake Päijänne is of rather good quality at the water tunnel intake and is usually drinkable without processing . The tunnel ends at the Silvola reservoir in Vantaa in the Greater Helsinki area . From the reservoir covering 0.5 square kilometres , water is pumped to water treatment plants in Pitkäkoski and Vanhakaupunki . Since the constant low temperature in the deep tunnel ensures high quality during transport , only minimal processing is required before use . Tunnel construction started in 1972 and was completed in 1982 at a cost of approximately €200 million ( adjusted for inflation ) . In 1999 and 2001 , portions of the tunnel required repair due to rock falls ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fort_Wadsworth", "text": "Fort Wadsworth is a former United States military installation on Staten Island in New York City , situated on The Narrows which divide New York Bay into Upper and Lower halves , a natural point for defense of the Upper Bay and Manhattan beyond . Prior to closing in 1994 it claimed to be the longest continually garrisoned military installation in the United States . Divided into several smaller units , including Fort Tompkins and Fort Richmond , its present name was adopted in 1865 to honor Brigadier General James Wadsworth , who had been killed in the Battle of the Wilderness during the Civil War . Fort Wadsworth is now part of the Staten Island Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area , maintained by the National Park Service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Operation", "text": "A black operation or black op is a covert or clandestine operation by a government agency , a military unit or a paramilitary organization ; it can include activities by private companies or groups . Key features of a black operation are that it is secret and it is not attributable to the organization carrying it out . A single such activity may be called a black bag operation ; that term is primarily used for covert or clandestine surreptitious entries into structures to obtain information for human intelligence operations . Such operations are known to have been carried out by the FBI , CIA , Mossad , MI6 , ASIS , COMANF , DGSE , MSS , R & AW , DGFI , ISI , SVR , FSB and the intelligence services of other nations . The main difference between a black operation and one that is merely secret is that a black operation involves a significant degree of deception , to conceal who is behind it or to make it appear that some other entity is responsible ( false flag operations ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halcyon-class_minesweeper", "text": "The Halcyon class was a class of 21 oil-fired minesweepers ( officially , fleet minesweeping sloops ) built for the British Royal Navy between 1933 and 1939 . They were given traditional small ship names used historically by the Royal Navy and served during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Procuress_(Vermeer)", "text": "The Procuress is a 1656 oil-on-canvas painting by the 24-year-old Johannes Vermeer . It can be seen in the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister in Dresden . It is his first genre painting and shows a scene of contemporary life , an image of mercenary love perhaps in a brothel . It differs from his earlier biblical and mythological scenes . It is one of only three paintings Vermeer signed and dated ( the other two are The Astronomer and The Geographer ) . It seems Vermeer was influenced by earlier works on the same subject by Gerard ter Borch , and The Procuress ( c. 1622 ) by Dirck van Baburen , which was owned by Vermeer 's mother-in-law Maria Thins and hung in her home ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sebastian_Yatra", "text": "Sebastián Obando Giraldo ( born October 15 , 1994 ) , known professionally as Sebastián Yatra , is a Colombian singer and songwriter . He began as a Latin pop artist and has recorded many ballads , but has released several successful reggaeton singles . Yatra is noted for his romantic lyrics , melding traditional lyricism with modern reggaeton styles . He rose to prominence in Latin America in 2016 when he released the hit Traicionera . Born in Medellín and raised primarily in Miami , Yatra began singing at a young age and returned to Colombia to begin his musical career . He achieved breakout success with Traicionera followed by Robarte un Beso featuring Carlos Vives . He then released the album Fantasia including the lead single Un Año featuring Mexican band Reik . He received continued success collaborating with Daddy Yankee , Natti Natasha , and the Jonas Brothers on the bilingual single Runaway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Margaret_Mitchell", "text": "Margaret Munnerlyn Mitchell ( November 8 , 1900 - August 16 , 1949 ) was an American novelist , and journalist . Mitchell wrote only one novel , published during her lifetime , the American Civil War-era novel Gone with the Wind , for which she won the National Book Award for Most Distinguished Novel of 1936 and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1937 . In more recent years , a collection of Mitchell 's girlhood writings and a novella she wrote as a teenager , Lost Laysen , have been published . A collection of articles written by Mitchell for The Atlanta Journal was republished in book form ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Montevallo", "text": "The University of Montevallo is a public university in Montevallo , Alabama . Founded in 1896 , it is Alabama 's only public liberal arts college and a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges . The University of Montevallo Historic District was established in 1979 and included 16 buildings on campus . It was expanded in 1990 to include 75 buildings total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hannover", "text": "Hanover or Hannover ( /ˈhænoʊvər , -nəv-/ ; German : Hannover [ haˈnoːfɐ ] ( listen ) ; Low German : Hannober ) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Lower Saxony . Its 535,061 ( 2017 ) inhabitants make it the thirteenth-largest city in Germany as well as the third-largest city in Northern Germany after Hamburg and Bremen . The city lies at the confluence of the River Leine ( progression : Aller→ Weser→ North Sea ) and its tributary Ihme , in the south of the North German Plain , and is the largest city in the Hannover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg Metropolitan Region . It is the fifth-largest city in the Low German dialect area after Hamburg , Dortmund , Essen and Bremen . Before it became the capital of Lower Saxony in 1946 Hanover was the capital of the Principality of Calenberg ( 1636-1692 ) , the Electorate of Hanover ( 1692-1814 ) , the Kingdom of Hanover ( 1814-1866 ) , the Province of Hanover of the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1868-1918 ) , the Province of Hanover of the Free State of Prussia ( 1918-1946 ) and of the State of Hanover ( 1946 ) . From 1714 to 1837 Hanover was by personal union the family seat of the Hanoverian Kings of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , under their title of the dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( later described as the Elector of Hanover ) . The city is a major crossing point of railway lines and motorways ( Autobahnen ) , connecting European main lines in both the east-west ( Berlin-Ruhr area/Düsseldorf/Cologne ) and north-south ( Hamburg-Frankfurt/Stuttgart/Munich ) directions . Hannover Airport lies north of the city , in Langenhagen , and is Germany 's ninth-busiest airport . The city 's most notable institutes of higher education are the Hannover Medical School with its university hospital ( Klinikum der Medizinischen Hochschule Hannover ) and the Leibniz University Hannover . The Hanover fairground , owing to numerous extensions , especially for the Expo 2000 , is the largest in the world . Hanover hosts annual commercial trade fairs such as the Hanover Fair and up to 2018 the CeBIT . The IAA Commercial Vehicles show takes place every two years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Drott", "text": "Richard Fred Drott ( July 1 , 1936 - August 16 , 1985 ) was a Major League Baseball player who pitched for the Chicago Cubs and the Houston Colt .45s . Drott , nicknamed Hummer , started his major league career in 1957 with the Cubs . He won 15 games as a rookie , led the league in walks allowed , and finished third in balloting for Rookie of the Year . He graduated from Western Hills High School in Cincinnati , Ohio . On April 24 , 1957 , Drott was ejected from a game for using a wheelchair to wheel Moe Drabowsky to first base after Drabowsky claimed he was hit on the foot by a pitch . Arm injuries limited Drott 's effectiveness after 1957 . He was drafted during the regular phase of the 1961 MLB Expansion Draft by the Houston Colt .45s . After posting a 2-12 record in 1963 , Drott was sent back to the minor leagues . By 1965 he was finished playing professional baseball . Drott finished his career with a record of 27-46 with a lifetime 4.78 ERA in 176 games played . Dick Drott died of stomach cancer at age 49 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andrew_Huxley", "text": "Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley OM PRS ( 22 November 1917 - 30 May 2012 ) was an English physiologist and biophysicist . He was born into the prominent Huxley family . After graduating from Westminster School in Central London , from where he won a scholarship to Trinity College , Cambridge , he joined Alan Lloyd Hodgkin to study nerve impulses . Their eventual discovery of the basis for propagation of nerve impulses ( called an action potential ) earned them the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1963 . They made their discovery from the giant axon of the Atlantic squid . Soon after the outbreak of the Second World War , Huxley was recruited by the British Anti-Aircraft Command and later transferred to the Admiralty . After the war he resumed research at The University of Cambridge , where he developed interference microscopy that would be suitable for studying muscle fibres . In 1952 , he was joined by a German physiologist Rolf Niedergerke . Together they discovered in 1954 the mechanism of muscle contraction , popularly called the sliding filament theory , which is the foundation of our modern understanding of muscle mechanics . In 1960 he became head of the Department of Physiology at University College London . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1955 , and President in 1980 . The Royal Society awarded him the Copley Medal in 1973 for his collective contributions to the understanding of nerve impulses and muscle contraction ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Don_Hultz", "text": "William Donald Hultz ( born December 16 , 1940 in Moss Point , Mississippi ) is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League . As a teenager , Hultz began playing football at Mobile County High School in Grand Bay , Alabama . After graduating from high school , he played college football at the University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg , Mississippi , where he played both offensive and defensive positions . In 1962 , during Hultz 's senior year , Southern Mississippi 's football team won the UPI Small College National Championship . Following college , Hultz signed as a free agent to play in the NFL with the Minnesota Vikings . He played his first season with the Vikings in 1963 . Before the 1964 season he was traded as part of a 4-for-1 deal to the Philadelphia Eagles where he played the following 9 seasons . During those first ten years ( both at Minnesota and Philadelphia ) he wore the number 83 . After the 1972 season he was traded to the Chicago Bears where he played his final season in 1973 . During that final year he wore the number 67 . While in the NFL , Hultz played defensive end , defensive tackle , and linebacker . Hultz holds the NFL record for the most opponents ' fumbles recovered in a season , nine , in 1963 , his rookie season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hughes_breech-loading_cannon", "text": "The Hughes breech-loading cannon 38.1mm gun was designed in 1861 and used by the Confederate States of America . It was produced by the manufacturer Street & Hungerford Company . It was a breech-loading cannon ; the breech of the cannon is uniquely like a bolt-action but has no firing pin in its bolt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Earl_Cathcart", "text": "Earl Cathcart is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paris_Opera", "text": "The Paris Opera ( French : Opéra de Paris , IPA : [ opeʁa də paʁi ] ( listen ) ) is the primary opera and ballet company of France . It was founded in 1669 by Louis XIV as the Académie d'Opéra , and shortly thereafter was placed under the leadership of Jean-Baptiste Lully and officially renamed the Académie Royale de Musique , but continued to be known more simply as the Opéra . Classical ballet as it is known today arose within the Paris Opera as the Paris Opera Ballet and has remained an integral and important part of the company . Currently called the Opéra national de Paris , it mainly produces operas at its modern 2,723-seat theatre Opéra Bastille which opened in 1989 , and ballets and some classical operas at the older 1,979-seat Palais Garnier which opened in 1875 . Small scale and contemporary works are also staged in the 500-seat Amphitheatre under the Opéra Bastille . The company 's annual budget is in the order of 200 million euros , of which €100M come from the French state and €70M from box office receipts . With this money , the company runs the two houses and supports a large permanent staff , which includes the orchestra of 170 , a chorus of 110 and the corps de ballet of 150 . Each year , the Paris Opera presents about 380 performances of opera , ballet and other concerts , to a total audience of about 800,000 people ( of whom 17% come from abroad ) , with an average seat occupancy rate of 94% . In the 2012-2013 season , the Paris Opera presented 18 opera titles ( two in a double bill ) , 13 ballets , 5 symphonic concerts and two vocal recitals , plus 15 other programmes . The company 's training bodies are also active , with 7 concerts from the Atelier Lyrique and 4 programmes from the École de Danse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henri_Arthus", "text": "Alexandre Charles Georges Henri Arthus ( March 10 , 1872-August 12 , 1962 ) was a French sailor . He won the bronze medal in the 6m class in the 1908 Summer Olympics in London along with Louis Potheau and Pierre Rabot ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canadian_Broadcasting_Corporation", "text": "The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( French : Société Radio-Canada ) , branded as CBC/Radio-Canada , is a Canadian federal Crown corporation that serves as the national public broadcaster for both radio and television . The English- and French-language service units of the corporation are commonly known as CBC and Radio-Canada , respectively . Although some local stations in Canada predate the CBC 's founding , CBC is the oldest existing broadcasting network in Canada . The CBC was established on November 2 , 1936 . The CBC operates four terrestrial radio networks : The English-Language CBC Radio One and CBC Music , and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Première and Ici Musique . ( International radio service Radio Canada International historically transmitted via shortwave radio , but since 2012 its content is only available as podcasts on its website . ) The CBC also operates two terrestrial television networks , the English-Language CBC Television and the French-Language Ici Radio-Canada Télé , along with the satellite/cable networks CBC News Network , Ici RDI , Ici Explora , Documentary Channel ( part ownership ) , and Ici ARTV . The CBC operates services for the Canadian Arctic under the names CBC North and Radio-Canada Nord . The CBC also operates digital services including CBC.ca/Ici.Radio-Canada.ca , CBC Radio 3 , CBC Music/ICI.mu and Ici.TOU.TV , and owns 20.2% of satellite radio broadcaster Sirius XM Canada , which carries several CBC-produced audio channels . CBC/Radio-Canada offers programming in English , French and eight aboriginal languages on its domestic radio service , and in five languages on its web-based international radio service , Radio Canada International ( RCI ) . However , budget cuts in the early 2010s have contributed to the corporation reducing its service via the airwaves , discontinuing RCI 's shortwave broadcasts as well as terrestrial television broadcasts in all communities served by network-owned rebroadcast transmitters , including communities not subject to Canada 's over-the-air digital television transition . CBC 's federal funding is supplemented by revenue from commercial advertising on its television broadcasts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pará", "text": "Pará is a State of Brazil , located in northern Brazil and traversed by the lower Amazon River . It borders the Brazilian states of Amapá , Maranhão , Tocantins , Mato Grosso , Amazonas and Roraima . To the northwest are the borders of Guyana and Suriname , to the northeast of Pará is the Atlantic Ocean . The capital and largest city is Belém , which is located at the mouth of the Amazon . Pará is the most populous state of the northern region , with a population of over 7.5 million , being the ninth-most populous state in Brazil . It is the second-largest state of Brazil in area , with 1.2 million km² ( 460,000 square miles ) , second only to Amazonas upriver . Its most famous icons are the Amazon River and the Amazon Rainforest . Pará produces rubber ( extracted from natural rubber tree groves ) , tropical hardwoods such as mahogany , and minerals such as iron ore and bauxite . A new commodity crop is soy , cultivated in the region of Santarém . Every October , Belém receives tens of thousands of tourists for the year 's most important religious celebration : the procession of the Círio de Nazaré . Another important attraction of the capital is the Marajó-style ceramics , based on the extinct Marajoara culture , which developed on an island in the Amazon River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeremy_Dyson", "text": "Jeremy Dyson ( born 14 June 1966 ) is an English author , musician and screenwriter who , along with Mark Gatiss , Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith , is one of the League of Gentlemen . He also created and co-wrote the popular West End show Ghost Stories and its film adaptation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taxi_zum_Klo", "text": "Taxi zum Klo is a 1981 film written by , directed by , and starring Frank Ripploh . The film is a dark comedy of manners that wryly explores the life of a Berlin school teacher and the contrasts between his public and private lives . It was sexually explicit for general audiences of the day and for some time afterwards . So , for example , the film was not passed uncut by the British Board of Film Classification until 2011 , though it was widely shown in club cinemas . Taxi zum Klo was considered groundbreaking for its subject matter and achieved a cult status among audiences of the time . Shot on location with many characters appearing as themselves , the film documents gay culture in West Berlin in the brief moment post gay liberation and before the onset of AIDS , around 1980 . Ripploh has stated that much of the film was autobiographical . The name literally means Taxi to the Toilet ( or Cab to the Cottage , etc . ) , that being a place for casual gay sex ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Me_and_the_Chimp", "text": "Me and the Chimp is an American sitcom which aired for one season during 1972 on CBS . It was created by Garry Marshall and Thomas L. Miller and produced by Alan Rafkin for Paramount Television ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lens,_Pas-de-Calais", "text": "Lens ( French pronunciation : [ lɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ; Picard : Linse ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France . It is one of the main towns of Hauts-de-France along with Lille , Valenciennes , Amiens , Roubaix , Tourcoing , Arras and Douai . The inhabitants are called Lensois ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Met_Office", "text": "The Meteorological Office , abbreviated as the Met Office is the United Kingdom 's national weather service . It is an executive agency and trading fund of the Department for Business , Energy and Industrial Strategy led by CEO Penelope Endersby , who took on the role as Chief Executive in December 2018 , the first woman to do so . The Met Office makes meteorological predictions across all timescales from weather forecasts to climate change ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PEAB_Arena", "text": "PEAB Arena is an indoor arena in Nyköping , Sweden . Its current capacity is 5,500 and it was built in 2003 . It was the home arena of the Nyköpings Hockey ice hockey team . It has been named after the construction company PEAB ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation", "text": "Star Trek : The Next Generation ( TNG ) is an American science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry . It originally aired from September 28 , 1987 , to May 23 , 1994 , in syndication , spanning 178 episodes over seven seasons . The third series in the Star Trek franchise , it is the second sequel to Star Trek : The Original Series . Set in the 24th century , when Earth is part of the United Federation of Planets , it follows the adventures of a Starfleet starship , the USS Enterprise-D , in its exploration of the Milky Way galaxy . In the 1980s , Roddenberry - who was responsible for the original Star Trek , Star Trek : The Animated Series ( 1973-74 ) , and a series of films - was tasked by Paramount with creating a new series in the franchise . He decided to set it a century after the events of his original series . The Next Generation featured a new crew : Patrick Stewart as Captain Jean-Luc Picard , Jonathan Frakes as Commander William Riker , Brent Spiner as Lieutenant commander Data , Michael Dorn as Lieutenant Commander Worf , LeVar Burton as Lieutenant commander Geordi La Forge , Marina Sirtis as counselor Deanna Troi , Gates McFadden as Dr. Beverly Crusher , and a new Enterprise . Roddenberry , Maurice Hurley , Rick Berman , Michael Piller , and Jeri Taylor served as executive producers at various times throughout its production . The series was broadcast in first-run syndication with dates and times varying among individual television stations . The show was very popular , reaching almost 12 million viewers in its 5th season , with the series finale in 1994 watched by over 30 million viewers . Following its success , Paramount commissioned Rick Berman and Michael Piller to create a fourth series in the franchise , Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , which launched in 1993 . The characters from The Next Generation returned in the four films : Star Trek : Generations ( 1994 ) , Star Trek : First Contact ( 1996 ) , Star Trek : Insurrection ( 1998 ) , and Star Trek : Nemesis ( 2002 ) , and in the television series Star Trek : Picard ( 2020 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six:_Shadow_Vanguard", "text": "Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Shadow Vanguard is a 2011 first-person shooter developed and published by Gameloft for iOS , Xperia Play and Android devices . The game is set within the continuity of Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six media franchise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Burnett", "text": "Paul Burnett ( born 26 November 1943 ) is an English radio disc jockey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1933_Temple_Owls_football_team", "text": "The 1933 Temple Owls football team was an American football team that represented Temple University as an independent during the 1933 college football season . In its first season under head coach Pop Warner , the team compiled a 5-3 record and outscored opponents by a total of 110 to 96 . The team played its home games at Temple Stadium in Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunnyvale,_California", "text": "Sunnyvale ( /ˈsʌniveɪl , vəl/ ) is a city located in Santa Clara County , California , in Silicon Valley . As of the 2010 United States Census , the population was 140,095 . Sunnyvale is the seventh most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area and one of the major cities comprising Silicon Valley . It is bordered by portions of San Jose to the north , Moffett Federal Airfield to the northwest , Mountain View to the northwest , Los Altos to the southwest , Cupertino to the south , and Santa Clara to the east . It lies along the historic El Camino Real and Highway 101 . As part of California 's high-tech area known as Silicon Valley , Sunnyvale is the headquarters location of many technology companies and is a major operating center for many more . It is also home to several aerospace/defense companies . Sunnyvale was also the home to Onizuka Air Force Station , often referred to as the Blue Cube due to the color and shape of its windowless main building . The facility , previously known as Sunnyvale Air Force Station , was named for the deceased Space Shuttle Challenger astronaut Ellison Onizuka . It served as an artificial satellite control facility of the U.S. military until August 2010 and has since been decommissioned and demolished . Sunnyvale is one of the few U.S. cities to have a single unified Department of Public Safety , where all personnel are trained as firefighters , police officers , and EMTs , so that they can respond to an emergency in any of the three roles . Library services for the city are provided by the Sunnyvale Public Library , located at the Sunnyvale Civic Center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paulinho_Moska", "text": "Paulo Corrêa de Araujo , also known as Moska or Paulinho Moska ( born 27 August 1967 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian singer , composer and actor . He started to play the classical guitar when he was 13 years old , with friends . He graduated in theater and cinema from CAL ( Casa de Artes de Laranjeiras ) , in Rio . He was a member of the band Garganta Profunda , that sang types of songs from Beatles and Tom Jobim to medieval operas . In 1987 , he founded the band Inimigos do Rei ( King 's enemies ) , with old friends from the other band , Luiz Nicolau and Luis Guilherme ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Real_Madrid_C.F.", "text": "Real Madrid Club de Fútbol ( Spanish pronunciation : [ reˈal maˈðɾið ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol ] ( listen ) , meaning Royal Madrid Football Club ) , commonly referred to as Real Madrid , is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid . Founded on 6 March 1902 as Madrid Football Club , the club has traditionally worn a white home kit since inception . The word real is Spanish for royal and was bestowed to the club by King Alfonso XIII in 1920 together with the royal crown in the emblem . The team has played its home matches in the 81,044-capacity Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in downtown Madrid since 1947 . Unlike most European sporting entities , Real Madrid 's members ( socios ) have owned and operated the club throughout its history . The club was estimated to be worth €3.8 billion ( $ 4.2 billion ) in 2019 , and it was the second highest-earning football club in the world , with an annual revenue of €757,3 million in 2019 . The club is one of the most widely supported teams in the world . Real Madrid is one of three founding members of La Liga that have never been relegated from the top division since its inception in 1929 , along with Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona . The club holds many long-standing rivalries , most notably El Clásico with Barcelona and El Derbi with Atlético Madrid . Real Madrid established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s , winning five consecutive European Cups and reaching the final seven times . This success was replicated in the league , which the club won five times in the space of seven years . This team , which consisted of players such as Alfredo Di Stéfano , Ferenc Puskás , Francisco Gento , and Raymond Kopa , is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest team of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jurong_East_Stadium", "text": "Jurong East Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jurong East , Singapore . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Albirex Niigata Singapore FC and Warriors FC . The stadium holds 2,700 people and opened in 1998 . It is one of only three stadiums in Singapore that does not have a running track , and was built to serve only as a football stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Horst_Müller", "text": "Horst Müller was an East German luger who competed during the mid-1970s . He won three medals at the FIL World Luge Championships with two silvers ( singles : 1977 , doubles : 1975 ) and a bronze ( singles : 1974 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Polo_Grounds", "text": "The Polo Grounds was the name of three stadiums in Upper Manhattan , New York City , used mainly for professional baseball and American football from 1880 through 1963 . The original Polo Grounds , opened in 1876 and demolished in 1889 , was built for the sport of polo . Bound on the south and north by 110th and 112th Streets and on the east and west by Fifth and Sixth ( Lenox ) Avenues , just north of Central Park , it was converted to a baseball stadium when leased by the New York Metropolitans in 1880 . The third Polo Grounds , built in 1890 and renovated after a fire in 1911 , is the one generally indicated when the Polo Grounds is referenced . It was located in Coogan 's Hollow and was noted for its distinctive bathtub shape , very short distances to the left and right field walls , and an unusually deep center field . In baseball , the original Polo Grounds was home to the New York Metropolitans from 1880 through 1885 , and the New York Giants from 1883 through 1888 . The Giants played in the second Polo Grounds for part of the 1889 season and all of the 1890 season , and at the third and fourth Polo Grounds from 1891 through 1957 . The Polo Grounds was also the home field of the New York Yankees from 1913 through 1922 and the New York Mets in their first two seasons of 1962 and 1963 . All four versions of the ballpark hosted World Series matches at various times . The fourth version also hosted the 1934 and 1942 Major League Baseball All-Star Games . In football , the third Polo Grounds was home to the New York Brickley Giants for one game in 1921 and the New York Giants from 1925 to 1955 . The New York Jets of the American Football League played at the stadium from the league 's inaugural season of 1960 through 1963 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halloween:_The_Curse_of_Michael_Myers", "text": "Halloween : The Curse of Michael Myers ( Also known as Halloween 6 : The Curse of Michael Myers , Halloween 666 : The Curse of Michael Myers , or simply Halloween 6 ) is a 1995 American slasher film directed by Joe Chappelle and written by Daniel Farrands . The film stars Donald Pleasence in his final film appearance , Paul Rudd , and Marianne Hagan . It is the sixth installment in the Halloween film series . The film follows Michael Myers as he stalks the Strode family , cousins of Laurie Strode , while Dr. Sam Loomis pursues Michael Myers once more . The film reveals the source of Michael Myers 's immortality and his drive to kill . Shot in Salt Lake City in the winter of 1994-95 , it underwent a series of reshoots after it performed poorly with test audiences . The film was distributed by Dimension Films . It was released on September 29 , 1995 , grossed $ 15.1 million at the box office on a budget of $ 5 million , and received largely negative reviews from critics . Donald Pleasence died on February 2 , 1995 , nearly eight months before the film was released . The film was dedicated to his memory . After the film 's home media release , the original workprint of the film , which featured 45 minutes of alternative footage and a different ending , was discovered by fans of the series . This version , dubbed The Producer 's Cut , developed a cult following , with bootleg DVD copies sold on eBay and online petitions targeting for an official release of it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo", "text": "Nintendo Co. , Ltd. [ a ] is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics and video game company headquartered in Kyoto . Nintendo is one of the world 's largest video game companies by market capitalization , creating some of the best-known and top-selling video game franchises of all-time , such as Mario , The Legend of Zelda , Animal Crossing , and Pokémon . Nintendo was founded in 1889 by Fusajiro Yamauchi and originally produced handmade hanafuda playing cards . By 1963 , the company had tried several small niche businesses , such as cab services and love hotels , without major success . Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s , Nintendo developed into a video game company in the 1970s . Supplemented since the 1980s by its major divisions Nintendo of America and Nintendo of Europe , it ultimately became one of the most influential in the video game industry and one of Japan 's most-valuable companies with a market value of over $ 37 billion in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Five_Senses_of_Eros", "text": "Five Senses of Eros ( Korean : 오감도 ; RR : Ogamdo ) is a 2009 South Korean omnibus film with five short films depicting love and desire , but in different styles and genres . The shorts are : His Concern , directed by Daniel H. Byun ; I 'm Right Here ( Korean : 나 , 여기 있어요 ; RR : Na , Yeogi Isseoyo ) , directed by Hur Jin-ho ; The 33rd Man ( Korean : 33번째 남자 ; RR : 33beonjjae Namja ) , directed by Yoo Young-sik ; In My End Is My Beginning ( Korean : 끝과 시작 ; RR : Ggeutgwa Sijak ) , directed by Min Kyu-dong ; and Believe in the Moment ( Korean : 순간을 믿어요 ; RR : Sunganeul Mideoyo ) , directed by Oh Ki-hwan . The five directors are all graduates of the Korean Academy of Film Arts . The film received 438,501 admissions nationwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Political_divisions_of_Mexico", "text": "The United Mexican States ( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos ) is a federal republic composed of 32 states . According to the Constitution of 1917 , the states of the federation are free and sovereign in all matters concerning their internal affairs . Each state has its own congress and constitution ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cumbria", "text": "Cumbria ( /ˈkʌmbriə/ KUM-bree-ə ) is a ceremonial and non-metropolitan county in North West England . The county and Cumbria County Council , its local government , came into existence in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972 . Cumbria 's county town is Carlisle , in the north of the county , and the only other major urban area is Barrow-in-Furness on the southwestern tip of the county . The county of Cumbria consists of six districts ( Allerdale , Barrow-in-Furness , Carlisle , Copeland , Eden , and South Lakeland ) and in 2008 had a population of just under 500,000 people . Cumbria is one of the most sparsely populated counties in England , with 73.4 people per km2 ( 190/sq mi ) . Cumbria is the third largest county in England by area , and is bounded to the north by the Scottish council areas of Dumfries and Galloway and Scottish Borders , to the west by the Irish Sea , to the south by Lancashire , to the southeast by North Yorkshire , and to the east by County Durham and Northumberland . Cumbria is predominantly rural and contains the Lake District National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site considered one of England 's finest areas of natural beauty , serving as inspiration for artists , writers , and musicians . A large area of the southeast of the county is within the Yorkshire Dales National Park while the east of the county fringes the North Pennines AONB . Much of Cumbria is mountainous , and it contains every peak in England over 3,000 feet ( 910 m ) above sea level , with Scafell Pike at 3,209 feet ( 978 m ) being the highest point of England . An upland , coastal , and rural area , Cumbria 's history is characterised by invasions , migration , and settlement , as well as battles and skirmishes between the English and the Scots . Notable historic sites in Cumbria include Carlisle Castle , Furness Abbey , Hardknott Roman Fort , Brough Castle and Hadrian 's Wall ( also a World Heritage Site ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hafia_FC", "text": "Hafia Football Club is a football club based in Conakry , Guinea . Founded in 1951 , the team was known as Conakry II in the 1960s and won three titles under that name . Hafia have won 15 league titles overall having dominated in 1960s and 70s , but their last league title coming in 1985 . The 1970s were a golden decade for Hafia FC when they dominated African football having won the African Cup of Champions Clubs three times , in 1972 , 1975 and 1977 . It promoted some great talents as Papa Camara , Bengally Sylla , Abdoulaye Keita , Chérif Souleymane , Petit Sory , Mamadou Aliou Kéïta , Mory Kone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pennsylvania's_7th_congressional_district", "text": "Pennsylvania 's 7th congressional district includes all of Lehigh County and Northampton County as well as parts of Monroe County . The district is represented by Democrat Susan Wild . From 2013 through 2018 , the district incorporated parts of the Philadelphia suburbs , including most of Delaware County along with portions of Chester County , Montgomery County , Berks County , and Lancaster County . The district exhibited extreme non-congruity during that time as a result of gerrymandering . On January 22 , 2018 , the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ruled that the map violated the state constitution , and in February it issued its own district boundaries for use in the 2018 elections and representation thereafter . Most of the population in the old 7th became part of a new fifth district , encompassing all of Delaware County and parts of South Philadelphia while most of the old 15th district became the new 7th district . Pat Meehan , who had represented the old 7th district since 2011 , resigned on April 27 , 2018 amid a sexual harassment case . Mary Gay Scanlon won the special election on November 6 , 2018 to replace him for the remainder of his term , and she served for slightly less than two months as the last representative for the old 7th district before being transferred to the newly redrawn 5th district . Susan Wild won the general election in the newly redrawn 7th district , and she took office January 3 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bottle_Shock", "text": "Bottle Shock is a 2008 American comedy-drama film based on the 1976 wine competition termed the Judgment of Paris , when California wine defeated French wine in a blind taste test . It stars Alan Rickman , Chris Pine , and Bill Pullman and is directed by Randall Miller , who wrote the screenplay along with Jody Savin and Ross Schwartz . It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pipestone_(Saskatchewan_electoral_district)", "text": "Pipestone was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan , Canada . Located in southeastern Saskatchewan , this district was created as Whitewood before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905 . In 1908 the riding was redrawn and renamed Pipestone , after the Pipestone Creek that flowed through the district . This constituency was abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934 into Cannington , Moosomin and Qu'Appelle-Wolseley . It is now part of the Moosomin constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harry_Baweja", "text": "Harry Baweja ( born 1956 ) is an Indian film director based in Mumbai and hails from Ludhiana , Punjab , India . He is married to Indian film producer , Pammi Baweja . Their son , Harman Baweja , made his debut in the film Love Story 2050 . They have their production company Baweja Movies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Azathoth", "text": "Azathoth is a deity in the Cthulhu Mythos and Dream Cycle stories of writer H. P. Lovecraft and other authors . He is the ruler of the Outer Gods ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leonardo_Sandri", "text": "Leonardo Sandri ( born 18 November 1943 ) is an Argentine Cardinal of the Catholic Church . He has been the Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches since June 2007 and a cardinal since November of that year . He served in the diplomatic service of the Holy See from 1974 to 1991 , in several overseas assignments including as permanent observer of the Holy See before the Organization of American States from 1989 to 1991 , and in Rome as Substitute for General Affairs in the Secretariat of State from 1977 to 1989 . On 24 January 2020 , Pope Francis approved his election as Vice Dean of the College of Cardinals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italianate_architecture", "text": "The Italianate style of architecture was a distinct 19th-century phase in the history of Classical architecture . In the Italianate style , the models and architectural vocabulary of 16th-century Italian Renaissance architecture , which had served as inspiration for both Palladianism and Neoclassicism , were synthesised with picturesque aesthetics . The style of architecture that was thus created , though also characterised as Neo-Renaissance , was essentially of its own time . The backward look transforms its object , Siegfried Giedion wrote of historicist architectural styles ; every spectator at every period - at every moment , indeed - inevitably transforms the past according to his own nature . The Italianate style was first developed in Britain in about 1802 by John Nash , with the construction of Cronkhill in Shropshire . This small country house is generally accepted to be the first Italianate villa in England , from which is derived the Italianate architecture of the late Regency and early Victorian eras . The Italianate style was further developed and popularised by the architect Sir Charles Barry in the 1830s . Barry 's Italianate style ( occasionally termed Barryesque ) drew heavily for its motifs on the buildings of the Italian Renaissance , though sometimes at odds with Nash 's semi-rustic Italianate villas . The style was not confined to England and was employed in varying forms , long after its decline in popularity in Britain , throughout Northern Europe and the British Empire . From the late 1840s to 1890 it achieved huge popularity in the United States , where it was promoted by the architect Alexander Jackson Davis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Disney_Channel", "text": "Disney Channel ( originally called The Disney Channel from 1983 to 1997 and commonly shortened to Disney from 1997 to 2002 ) is an American pay television channel that serves as the flagship property of owner Disney Channels Worldwide unit of the Walt Disney Television subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company . Disney Channel 's programming consists of original first-run television series , theatrically released and original made-for-TV movies and select other third-party programming . Disney Channel - which formerly operated as a premium service - originally marketed its programs towards families during the 1980s , and later at younger children by the 2000s . A majority of Disney Channel 's original programming is aimed at children aged 6-16 , while its Disney Junior programs are targeted at children aged 7 years and under . As of January 2016 , Disney Channel is available to approximately 93.9 million pay television households ( 80.6% of households with at least one television set ) in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arlon", "text": "Arlon ( French pronunciation : ​ [ aʁlɔ̃ ] ; Luxembourgish : Arel , pronounced [ ˈaːʀəl ] ; Dutch : Aarlen , pronounced [ ˈaːrlə ( n ) ] ; German : Arel ; Walloon : Årlon ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in and capital of the province of Luxembourg . With a population of just over 28,000 , it is the smallest provincial capital in Belgium . Arlon is also the capital of its cultural region : the Arelerland ( Land of Arlon in Luxemburgish ) . The municipality consists of the following sub-municipalities : Arlon proper , Autelbas-Barnich , Bonnert , Guirsch , Heinsch , and Toernich . Other population centers include :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Glaswegian", "text": "The speech of Glaswegians , popularly known as the Glasgow patter or Glaswegian , varies from Scottish English at one end of a bipolar linguistic continuum , with the local dialect of West Central Scots at the other . Therefore , the speech of many Glaswegians can draw on a continuum between fully localised and fully standardised . Additionally , the Glasgow dialect has Highland English and Hiberno-English influences owing to the speech of Highlanders and Irish people who migrated in large numbers to the Glasgow area in the 19th and early 20th centuries . The Glasgow vernacular also exerts considerable influence on the vernacular of the surrounding towns . As with other dialects , the Patter is subject to dialect levelling where particularly Scots vocabulary is replaced by Standard English words and , in particular , words largely from colloquial English . However , Glaswegians continue to create new euphemisms and nicknames for well-known local figures and buildings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parkhurst_prison", "text": "HMP Isle of Wight - Parkhurst Barracks is a prison situated in Parkhurst on the Isle of Wight , operated by Her Majesty 's Prison Service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Ewing", "text": "Thomas Ewing Sr. ( December 28 , 1789 - October 26 , 1871 ) was a National Republican and Whig politician from Ohio . He served in the U.S. Senate as well as serving as the Secretary of the Treasury and the first Secretary of the Interior . He is also known as the foster father ( and subsequently father-in-law ) of famous American Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bilbie_family", "text": "The Bilbie family were bell founders and clockmakers based initially in Chew Stoke , Somerset and later at Cullompton , Devon in south-west England from the late 17th century to the early 19th century . Their importance to the local economy and in local history is commemorated by Bilbie Road in Chew Stoke and in the village sign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zimbabwean_cricket_team_in_Australia_in_2003–04", "text": "The Zimbabwean cricket team toured Australia in the 2003-04 season . On the tour , the Zimbabweans played two unclassified matches , one First-class match , three List A matches and two Tests , as well as taking part in the 2003-04 VB Series with Australia and India - who were touring Australia for four Tests at the same time . The Zimbabweans lost all but one international match - both Tests and seven of the eight One Day Internationals - the exception being called off for rain . The tour was notable for Matthew Hayden 's score of 380 in the first Test , this being the highest individual score in Test cricket at the time , beating Brian Lara 's 375 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christie_Rampone", "text": "Christie Patricia Pearce ( formerly Rampone ; born June 24 , 1975 ) is an American professional soccer defender . She is the former captain of the United States women 's national soccer team . Pearce is a 3-time Olympic gold medalist , and also a 2-time FIFA Women 's World Cup champion . Pearce has played in five FIFA Women 's World Cup finals and four Olympics women 's football tournaments . She is a 1999 and 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup champion , and a three-time gold medalist having won championship titles at the 2004 Athens Olympics , 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics . She has finished no lower than third place in each of the World Cup or Olympic tournaments in which she has competed . Pearce played in the W-League from 1997 through 1998 . She played in two American professional leagues the entire time they were in operation ; from 2001 through 2003 in the WUSA and from 2009 through 2011 in the WPS . In 2009 , while playing for Sky Blue FC , she simultaneously served as coach of the club while winning the 2009 Women 's Professional Soccer Playoffs , and was named WPS Sportswoman of the Year . Pearce was the oldest player to appear in a FIFA Women 's World Cup game ( at age 40 ) until Formiga competed in the 2019 FIFA Women 's World Cup at the age of 41 . With 311 caps , Pearce is also the second-most capped player , male or female , in U.S. and world history , after Kristine Lilly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/N'Dalatando", "text": "N'dalatando , formerly Vila Salazar , is a town , with a population of 161,584 ( 2014 ) , and a commune in the municipality of Cazengo , province of Cuanza Norte , Angola . It is also the seat of the Cazengo municipality and the provincial capital ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nur-Sultan", "text": "Nur-Sultan ( US : /ˌnʊərsʊlˈtɑːn/ ; Kazakh : Nur-Sultan , Нұр-Сұлтан ; Russian : Нур-Султан ) , previously named Astana [ a ] ( Kazakh : Astana , Russian : Астана ) from 1998 to 2019 , is the capital city of Kazakhstan . In March 2019 , it was renamed to Nur-Sultan after the departing Kazakh president , Nursultan Nazarbayev . It stands on the banks of the Ishim River in the northern portion of Kazakhstan , within the Akmola Region , though administered separately from the region as a city with special status . A 2017 official estimate reported a population of 1,029,556 within the city limits , making it the second-largest city in the country , behind Almaty , the capital from 1991 to 1997 . Akmola ( from 1998 Astana and from 2019 Nur-Sultan ) became the capital of Kazakhstan in 1997 , and since then has developed economically into one of the most modernized cities in Central Asia . On 23 March 2019 , following a unanimous vote in Kazakhstan 's parliament , the city was renamed Nur-Sultan , after former Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev . Modern Nur-Sultan is a planned city , much like other planned capitals . After it became the capital of Kazakhstan , the city cardinally changed its shape . The Japanese architect Kisho Kurokawa designed the master plan of Astana . As the seat of the Government of Kazakhstan , Nur-Sultan is the site of the Parliament House , the Supreme Court , the Ak Orda Presidential Palace and numerous government departments and agencies . It is home to many futuristic buildings , hotels and skyscrapers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terengganu_FA", "text": "This club did not have much success in the 1970s with only a single appearance in the Malaysia Cup final , losing to Selangor 2-1 in a match played at the Merdeka Stadium . It was the same in the 1980s with another final appearance in 1982 , ironically also against Selangor . It was the same outcome with Selangor winning 1-0 after extra-time . [ citation needed ] When the Semi-Professional League was introduced in 1989 , Terengganu F.C . were in the second division based on their final position in the previous season . [ citation needed ] They recruited giant Dutch defender , Marlon Ricardo van der Sander and Singaporean duo , Ahmad Paijan and Norhalis Shafik to boost their squad and finished the season in a credible fourth place but ultimately failed to win promotion . [ citation needed ] In the 1990 season , they went all the way to emerge as the second division champion under the guidance of head coach , Abdullah Mohamad with German striker , Frank Pastor finding the back of the net on regular basis aided by midfield duo Martin Buisse and Ahmad Paijan . They lost only once in the league all season to finish three points clear of East Coast rival , Kelantan FA . [ citation needed ] In the 1992 season , Terengganu F.C . recorded their highest ever finish in the league when they finished as runner-up to Pahang FA . The Elephants broke The Turtles hearts again in the semi finals of the Malaysia Cup competition after the both sides failed to score in 180 minutes of play , the match went into sudden-death extra-time . Zulhamizan Zakaria found the net for Pahang FA and Terengganu F.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Valparaiso_University", "text": "Valparaiso University ( Valpo ) is a private university in Valparaiso , Indiana . It is a Lutheran university with about 4,500 students from over 50 countries on a campus of 350 acres ( 140 ha ) . Valpo has five undergraduate colleges , a graduate school , and a law school . It is home to the second-largest collegiate chapel in the world , the Chapel of the Resurrection . Originally named Valparaiso Male and Female College , Valparaiso University was founded in 1859 as one of the first coeducation colleges in the United States . Due to reverses brought about by the Civil War , the college was forced to close in 1871 . Two years later it was revived by educator Henry Baker Brown and named Northern Indiana Normal School and Business Institute . At the turn of the 20th century , Brown changed the college 's name to Valparaiso College , and soon after it was rechartered as Valparaiso University . Initially founded by Methodists , the Lutheran University Association purchased it in 1925 . The Association continues to operate it today ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geraldine,_New_Zealand", "text": "Geraldine ( Māori : Heratini ) is a town in the Canterbury Region in the South Island of New Zealand . It is about 140 km south of Christchurch , and inland from Timaru , which is 35 km to the south ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rock_music", "text": "Rock music is a broad genre of popular music that originated as rock and roll in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United States and the United Kingdom . It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily from the genres of blues , rhythm and blues , and from country music . Rock music also drew strongly from a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk , and incorporated influences from jazz , classical and other musical styles . Musically , rock has centered on the electric guitar , usually as part of a rock group with electric bass , drums , and one or more singers . Usually , rock is song-based music with a 4/4 time signature using a verse-chorus form , but the genre has become extremely diverse . Like pop music , lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political . By the late 1960s classic rock period , a number of distinct rock music subgenres had emerged , including hybrids like blues rock , folk rock , country rock , southern rock , raga rock , and jazz-rock , many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock , which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic and hippie scene . New genres that emerged included progressive rock , which extended the artistic elements ; glam rock , which highlighted showmanship and visual style ; and the diverse and enduring subgenre of heavy metal , which emphasized volume , power , and speed . In the second half of the 1970s , punk rock reacted by producing stripped-down , energetic social and political critiques . Punk was an influence in the 1980s on new wave , post-punk and eventually alternative rock . From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break into the mainstream in the form of grunge , Britpop , and indie rock . Further fusion subgenres have since emerged , including pop punk , electronic rock , rap rock , and rap metal , as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock 's history , including the garage rock/post-punk and techno-pop revivals at the beginning of the 2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Milomir_Šešlija", "text": "Milomir Šešlija , known as Milo ( born 21 July 1964 ) , is a retired Bosnian footballer and current a coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/European_Mesolithic", "text": "In Old World archaeology , Mesolithic ( Greek : μέσος , mesos middle ; λίθος , lithos stone ) is the period between the Upper Paleolithic and the Neolithic . The term Epipaleolithic is often used synonymously , especially for outside northern Europe , and for the corresponding period in the Levant and Caucasus . The Mesolithic has different time spans in different parts of Eurasia . It refers to the final period of hunter-gatherer cultures in Europe and Western Asia , between the end of the Last Glacial Maximum and the Neolithic Revolution . In Europe it spans roughly 15,000 to 5,000 BP ; in Southwest Asia ( the Epipalaeolithic Near East ) roughly 20,000 to 8,000 BP . The term is less used of areas further east , and not at all beyond Eurasia and North Africa . The type of culture associated with the Mesolithic varies between areas , but it is associated with a decline in the group hunting of large animals in favour of a broader hunter-gatherer way of life , and the development of more sophisticated and typically smaller lithic tools and weapons than the heavy chipped equivalents typical of the Paleolithic . Depending on the region , some use of pottery and textiles may be found in sites allocated to the Mesolithic , but generally indications of agriculture are taken as marking transition into the Neolithic . The more permanent settlements tend to be close to the sea or inland waters offering a good supply of food . Mesolithic societies are not seen as very complex , and burials are fairly simple ; in contrast , grandiose burial mounds are a mark of the Neolithic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turtkul", "text": "Tortkol ( Uzbek : Tortkol/Тўрткўл ; Karakalpak : Tórtkúl/Төрткүл , also spelled as Turtkul ( Russian : Турткуль ) , is a city in Karakalpakstan , Uzbekistan and the administrative center of the Tortkol District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ravendra_Pal_Singh", "text": "Lieutenant General Ravendra Pal Singh PVSM AVSM , VSM is the current General Officer Commanding-in-Chief ( GOC-in-C ) Western Command of the Indian Army . He assumed office on 1 August 2019 , succeeding Gen Surinder Singh"}
{"title": "/wiki/Merghani_Kassala", "text": "Al Mirghani Educational Sport Club ( Arabic : نادي الميرغني للتربية الرياضية ) is a Sudanese football club based in Kassala . Their home stadium is Stade Al-Merghani Kassala . They played in the second division of the Sudanese Premier League division 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tasisat_Daryaei_FSC", "text": "Tasisat Daryaei Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال شرکت مهندسی و ساخت تأسیسات دریایی ایران ) was an Iranian futsal club based in Tehran ."}
{"title": "/wiki/DePaul_Blue_Demons_men's_basketball", "text": "The DePaul Blue Demons men 's basketball program is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball program of DePaul University in Chicago , Illinois . The team competes in the Big East Conference . The Blue Demons play home games at Wintrust Arena at the McCormick Place convention center on Chicago 's Near South Side ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bulgaria", "text": "Bulgaria ( /bʌlˈɡɛəriə , bʊl-/ ( listen ) ; Bulgarian : България , romanized : Balgariya ) , officially the Republic of Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Република България , romanized : Republika Balgariya , IPA : [ rɛˈpublikɐ bɐɫˈɡarijɐ ] ) , is a country in Southeast Europe . It is bordered by Romania to the north , Serbia and North Macedonia to the west , Greece and Turkey to the south , and the Black Sea to the east . The capital and largest city is Sofia ; other major cities are Plovdiv , Varna and Burgas . With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres ( 42,855 sq mi ) , Bulgaria is Europe 's 16th-largest country . One of the earliest societies in the lands of modern-day Bulgaria was the Neolithic Karanovo culture , which dates back to 6,500 BC . In the 6th to 3rd century BC the region was a battleground for Thracians , Persians , Celts and ancient Macedonians ; stability came when the Roman Empire conquered the region in AD 45 . The Eastern Roman , or Byzantine , Empire lost some of these territories to an invading Bulgar horde in the late 7th century . The Bulgars founded the First Bulgarian Empire in AD 681 , which dominated most of the Balkans and significantly influenced Slavic cultures by developing the Cyrillic script . This state lasted until the early 11th century , when Byzantine emperor Basil II conquered and dismantled it . A successful Bulgarian revolt in 1185 established a Second Bulgarian Empire , which reached its apex under Ivan Asen II ( 1218-1241 ) . After numerous exhausting wars and feudal strife , the Second Bulgarian Empire disintegrated in 1396 and its territories fell under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries . The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 resulted in the formation of the current Third Bulgarian State ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Coast_Eagles", "text": "The East Coast Eagles is an Australian rules football club competing in the Sydney AFL competition based out of the Sydney suburb of Rouse Hill , New South Wales . Previously known as the Baulkham Hills Falcons ( 1976-1999 ) and Sydney Hills Eagles ( 2012-2014 ) and wearing maroon and gold , the team wears the West Coast Eagles uniforms of blue and Gold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kandahar_province", "text": "Kandahār ( Pashto : کندھار ; Persian : قندهار , Qandahār ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan , located in the southern part of the country next to Pakistan . It is surrounded by Helmand in the west , Uruzgan in the north and Zabul Province in the east . Its capital is the city of Kandahar , which is located on the Arghandab River . The greater region surrounding the province is called Loy Kandahar . The province contains about 18 districts , over 1,000 villages , and approximately 1,368,100 people , which is mostly tribal and a rural society . The main inhabitants of Kandahar province are the native ethnic Pashtuns , although smaller communities of Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and Baloch are also found in parts of the city of Kandahar . The current governor of the province is Humayoon Azizi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marshallton_United_Methodist_Church", "text": "Marshallton United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at 1105 Stanton Road in Marshallton , New Castle County , Delaware . The original portion was built in 1886 as a one-room , 30-foot by 50-foot center-aisle plan frame structure with a gable roof . It sits on a foundation of Brandywine Granite , a commonly found local building stone . In 1922 , a 30-foot by 45-foot gabled frame addition was added on the east side of the original building . At the same time , Gothic arched commemorative stained glass windows and a bell tower were added . A three-story brick educational building and fellowship hall were added between 1949 and 1957 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 . As of 2019 , the pastor is Jacqueline Ford . Visit MarshalltonUMC.com for more information ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Itu,_Brazil", "text": "Itu is an historic municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil . It is part of the Metropolitan Region of Sorocaba . The population is 167,095 ( 2015 est . ) in an area of 640.72 km2 . The elevation is 583 m. This place name comes from the Tupi language , meaning big waterfall . Two rivers flow through Itu : Tietê and Jundiaí . Itu has five hospitals , eleven bank agencies and one shopping center , the Plaza Shopping Itu . Itu was founded by the Portuguese in 1610 by Domingos Fernandes . It became a parish in 1653 . In 1657 , it was elevated to a town and municipality . It became a part of Brazil in 1822 . It became a city in 1843 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Werner_Hoeger", "text": "Werner Hoeger ( Mérida , Venezuela , 1953- ) is a professor emeritus ( active ) of exercise science at Boise State University and author of nine different fitness & wellness textbooks . He has written a total of 65 editions of these books . He is one of the most widely read fitness and wellness college authors in the United States . He was the first author to write a college-level fitness book to incorporate the wellness concept with the publication of Lifetime Physical Fitness & Wellness : A Personalized Program in 1986 ( now in its 15th edition , Wadsworth/Cengage Learning , 2017 ) . His title Fitness & Wellness ( Wadsworth/Cengage Learning , 2019 , 14th edition ) is a concise book for introductory courses and for the general public that provides the necessary guidelines to enhance health and quality of life through a comprehensive fitness and wellness program . He is a Fellow of the American College of Sports Medicine and also of the Research Consortium of AAHPERD ( now SHAPE America ) . A gymnast in his youth , he later took up the sport of luge and participated in two Olympic Winter Games ( 2002 and 2006 ) . Following his Olympic participation he turned his attention to racing in track and field , competing in three World Masters Track and Field Championships ( 2011 , 2016 , and 2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richmond_High_School_(Richmond,_Indiana)", "text": "Richmond High School is a public high school in Richmond , Indiana , United States . It is the home of the Richmond Red Devils , who are members of the North Central Conference of the Indiana High School Athletic Association ( IHSAA ) . Prior to 1939 , the school was known as Morton High School in honor of Indiana 's Civil War Governor , Oliver P. Morton . The current principal of Richmond High is Rae Woolpy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_M._Gaver,_Sr.", "text": "John Milton Gaver Sr. ( October 29 , 1900 - July 11 , 1982 ) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse trainer . Born in Mount Airy , Maryland , John Gaver graduated from Princeton University then worked as a prep school language teacher before eventually embarking on a career in Thoroughbred racing . In 1929 , James G. Rowe Jr. , a friend and horse trainer , invited him to join the team managing the Brookdale Farm and racing stable owned by Harry Payne Whitney . After Harry Payne Whitney died in 1930 , James Rowe Jr. took over the running of the Mrs. Payne Whitney family 's Greentree Stable and asked John Gaver to come with him . In 1939 , Gaver was appointed head trainer for Greentree Stable , a position he would hold for the next thirty-eight years . During his time with Greentree , John Gaver conditioned seventy-three stakes-winning horses , including winners of five American Classic Races . Four of his horses earned Champions honors with Capot and Tom Fool voted Horse of the Year in 1946 and 1953 respectively . In 1966 John Gaver was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame . In 1977 he suffered a stroke and his son John Jr. took over as trainer for the Greentree Stable . He retired to Aiken , South Carolina where he had maintained a winter training center for many years . He died there at Aiken Community Hospital in 1982 and was buried in the Lexington Cemetery , Lexington , Kentucky . Selected other major race wins :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Pallacanestro_Cantù", "text": "Pallacanestro Cantù , known for sponsorship reasons as S.Bernardo-Cinelandia Cantù , is an Italian professional basketball club that is based in Cantù , Lombardy . On the European-wide club competition scene , Cantù is second to Real Madrid - against whom they have an 8-2 record - for European trophies won , with twelve titles ( two EuroLeague , four FIBA Saporta Cups , four FIBA Korać Cups and also two FIBA Intercontinental Cups . ) , in addition to three domestic Italian Leagues and two Italian Supercups ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_T._Brush", "text": "Henry T. Brush ( August 9 , 1849 - July 15 , 1879 ) was an American architect who practiced in Detroit , Michigan in the latter part of the 19th century . Brush was born in Detroit , the son of Amanda Brush . Henry 's father was from Canada and died by the time he was 11 . Amanda remarried William Cicero Grant , who was instrumental in the early education of Henry and his older brother James . William was a mathematical instrument maker ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FreeBSD", "text": "FreeBSD is a free and open-source Unix-like operating system descended from the Berkeley Software Distribution ( BSD ) , which was based on Research Unix . The first version of FreeBSD was released in 1993 . In 2005 , FreeBSD was the most popular open-source BSD operating system , accounting for more than three-quarters of all installed BSD systems . FreeBSD has similarities with Linux , with two major differences in scope and licensing : FreeBSD maintains a complete system , i.e . the project delivers a kernel , device drivers , userland utilities , and documentation , as opposed to Linux only delivering a kernel and drivers , and relying on third-parties for system software ; and FreeBSD source code is generally released under a permissive BSD license , as opposed to the copyleft GPL used by Linux . The FreeBSD project includes a security team overseeing all software shipped in the base distribution . A wide range of additional third-party applications may be installed using the pkg package management system or FreeBSD Ports , or by compiling source code . Due to its licensing , much of FreeBSD 's codebase has become an integral part of other operating systems , such as Apple 's Darwin ( the basis for macOS , iOS , watchOS , and tvOS ) , FreeNAS ( an open-source NAS/SAN operating system ) , and the system software for Sony 's PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Rolleston", "text": "William Rolleston ( 19 September 1831 - 8 February 1903 ) was a New Zealand politician , public administrator , educationalist and Canterbury provincial superintendent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Renault_in_Formula_One", "text": "The French automotive manufacturer Renault has been associated with Formula One as both constructor and engine supplier for various periods since 1977 . In 1977 , the company entered Formula One as a constructor , introducing the turbo engine to Formula One in its first car , the Renault RS01 . In 1983 , Renault began supplying engines to other teams . Although the Renault team won races and competed for world titles , it withdrew at the end of 1985 . Renault continued supplying engines to other teams until 1986 , then again from 1989 to 1997 and at various other times since then until the present . Renault returned to Formula One in 2000 when it acquired the Enstone-based Benetton Formula team ( formerly Toleman ) . In 2002 Renault re-branded the team as Renault F1 Team and started to use Renault as their constructor name , winning both the Drivers ' and Constructors ' Championships in 2005 and 2006 . For the 2011 season the team competed under the name Lotus Renault GP but retained the Renault constructor name . In 2012 , the team changed their constructor name to Lotus and operated as Lotus F1 Team until the end of 2015 , when they returned to the control of Renault as a works manufacturer . For the 2019 season Sport was removed from the team 's official title . Renault has also supplied engines to other teams , including Red Bull Racing ( 2007-2015 ) , Benetton Formula ( 1995-1997 , 2001 ) and Williams ( 1989-1997 , 2012-2013 ) . In addition to its two own F1 World Constructors ' Championships ( 2005 , 2006 ) and two Drivers ' Championships , as an engine supplier , Renault has contributed to nine other World Drivers ' Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bird_of_prey", "text": "Birds of prey or raptors include species of bird that primarily hunt and feed on vertebrates that are large relative to the hunter . Additionally , they have keen eyesight for detecting food at a distance or during flight , strong feet equipped with talons for grasping or killing prey , and powerful , curved beaks for tearing flesh . The term raptor is derived from the Latin word rapio , meaning to seize or take by force . In addition to hunting live prey , most also eat carrion , at least occasionally , and vultures and condors eat carrion as their main food source . Although the term bird of prey could theoretically be taken to include all birds that primarily consume animals , ornithologists typically use the narrower definition followed in this page . [ citation needed ] Examples of animal-eating birds not encompassed by the ornithological definition include storks , herons , gulls , skuas , penguins , kookaburras , and shrikes , as well as the many songbirds that are primarily insectivorous ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whose_Line_Is_It_Anyway?_(U.S._TV_series)", "text": "Whose Line Is It Anyway ? ( often known as simply Whose Line ? ) is an improvisational comedy television show in the United States , an adaptation of the British show of the same name . It aired on ABC and ABC Family from August 5 , 1998 , to December 15 , 2007 , hosted by Drew Carey . A revival of the show , hosted by Aisha Tyler , began airing on The CW on July 16 , 2013 . The series features Ryan Stiles , Colin Mochrie , and Wayne Brady as its regular performers with the fourth seat occupied by a guest panelist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Love,_American_Style", "text": "Love , American Style is an anthology comedy television series produced by Paramount Television that originally aired between 1969 and 1974 . For the 1971 and 1972 seasons , it was a part of an ABC Friday prime-time lineup that also included The Brady Bunch , The Partridge Family , Room 222 and The Odd Couple ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adelaide", "text": "Adelaide ( /ˈædəleɪd/ ( listen ) AD-ə-layd ) is the capital city of the state of South Australia , and the fifth-most populous city of Australia . The demonym Adelaidean is used to denote the city and the residents of Adelaide . Adelaide is situated on the Adelaide Plains north of the Fleurieu Peninsula , between the Gulf St Vincent in the west and the Mount Lofty Ranges in the east . Its metropolitan area extends 20 km ( 12 mi ) from the coast to the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges , and stretches 96 km ( 60 mi ) from Gawler in the north to Sellicks Beach in the south . Named in honour of Queen Adelaide , consort to King William IV , the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for the only freely-settled British province in Australia . Colonel William Light , one of Adelaide 's founding fathers , designed the city centre and chose its location close to the River Torrens , in the area originally inhabited by the Kaurna people and known as Tarndanyangga ( place of the red kangaroo ) . Light 's design , now listed as national heritage , set out the city centre in a grid layout , interspaced by wide boulevards and large public squares , and entirely surrounded by parklands . Early colonial Adelaide was shaped by the diversity and wealth of its free settlers , in contrast to the convict history of other Australian cities . Until the post-war era , it was Australia 's third-largest city . It has been noted for its leading examples of religious freedom and progressive political reforms , and became known as the City of Churches due to its diversity of faiths . Today , Adelaide is noted for its many festivals and sporting events , its food and wine , its coastline and hills , and its large defence and manufacturing sectors . Adelaide 's quality of life has ranked consistently highly in various measures through the 21st century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Incheon", "text": "Incheon ( Korean : 인천 ; Hanja : 仁川 ; Korean pronunciation : [ intɕʰʌn ] ; McCune-Reischauer romanization Inchŏn ; literally kind river ) , officially the Incheon Metropolitan City ( 인천광역시 ) , is a city located in northwestern South Korea , bordering Seoul and Gyeonggi to the east . Inhabited since the Neolithic , Incheon was home to just 4,700 people when it became an international port in 1883 . Today , about 3 million people live in the city , making it South Korea 's third most-populous city after Seoul and Busan . The city 's growth has been assured in modern times with the development of its port due to its natural advantages as a coastal city and its proximity to the South Korean capital . It is part of the Seoul Capital Area , along with Seoul itself and Gyeonggi Province , forming the world 's fourth largest metropolitan area by population . Incheon has since led the economic development of Korea by opening its port to the outside world , ushering in the modernization of Korea as a center of industrialization . In 2003 , the city was designated as Korea 's first free economic zone . Since then , large local companies and global enterprises have increasingly invested in the Incheon Free Economic Zone , including Samsung which chose Songdo International City as its new investment destination for its bio industry . As an international city , Incheon has held numerous large scale international conferences , such as the Incheon Global Fair & Festival in 2009 . The 17th Asian Games Incheon 2014 was also held in Incheon on 19 September 2014 . Incheon has established itself as a major transportation hub in northeast Asia with the Incheon International Airport and Incheon Port . The city is also home to the Green Climate Fund , an international organization addressing environmental issues ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ghent", "text": "Ghent ( /ɡɛnt/ ; Dutch : Gent [ ɣɛnt ] ( listen ) ; French : Gand [ ɡɑ̃ ] ( listen ) , traditional English Gaunt ) is a city and a municipality in the Flemish Region of Belgium . It is the capital and largest city of the East Flanders province , and the second largest municipality in Belgium , after Antwerp . The city originally started as a settlement at the confluence of the Rivers Scheldt and Leie and in the Late Middle Ages became one of the largest and richest cities of northern Europe , with some 50,000 people in 1300 . It is a port and university city . The municipality comprises the city of Ghent proper and the surrounding suburbs of Afsnee , Desteldonk , Drongen , Gentbrugge , Ledeberg , Mariakerke , Mendonk , Oostakker , Sint-Amandsberg , Sint-Denijs-Westrem , Sint-Kruis-Winkel , Wondelgem and Zwijnaarde . With 262,219 inhabitants at the beginning of 2019 , Ghent is Belgium 's second largest municipality by number of inhabitants . The metropolitan area , including the outer commuter zone , covers an area of 1,205 km2 ( 465 sq mi ) and has a total population of 560,522 as of 1 January 2018 , which ranks it as the fourth most populous in Belgium . The current mayor of Ghent , Mathias De Clercq is from the liberal & democratic party Open VLD . The ten-day-long Ghent Festival ( Gentse Feesten in Dutch ) is held every year and attended by about 1-1.5 million visitors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ezra_Sutton", "text": "Ezra Ballou Sutton ( September 17 , 1849 - June 20 , 1907 ) was an American third baseman in the National Association and Major League Baseball from 1871 to 1888 . Sutton collected 1,574 hits during this time period ; he had a lifetime batting average of .294 . Like many players in an era when walks were more rare , Sutton did not walk a lot , only drawing 169 walks in more than 5,500 plate appearances . By almost all measures , Sutton had his 2 best seasons in 1883 and 1884 - he collected 203 runs and 296 hits during those 2 seasons . On May 8 , 1871 , Sutton hit the first home run in professional baseball history for the Cleveland Forest Citys against the Chicago White Stockings . He would go on to hit another home run later in the game but Cleveland still lost the game 14-12 . The Seneca Falls , New York born Sutton came to the Cleveland Forest Citys in 1870 from the Alert club of Rochester , New York ( who had played the Forest Citys twice in 1869 ) , and then joined the Philadelphia Athletics in 1873 after the Cleveland club failed . As third baseman for each he had the unique distinction of playing in both the first National Association game on May 4 , 1871 and the first National League game on April 22 , 1876 . But his main team was the Boston Red Caps ( later redubbed the Beaneaters ) where he won pennants in 1877 , 1878 , and 1883 . After the National League 's formation in 1876 , he was one of the first several players to collect 1,000 hits in the major leagues . Sutton died at a private hospital in Braintree , Massachusetts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martin_Gilliat", "text": "Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Martin John Gilliat GCVO MBE ( 8 February 1913 - 27 May 1993 ) was a British soldier and courtier who served as Private Secretary to Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother for 37 years . Gilliat was a German prisoner of war in the Second World War , and was imprisoned in Colditz Castle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Handler", "text": "Daniel Handler ( born February 28 , 1970 ) is an American writer and musician . He is best known for his children 's series A Series of Unfortunate Events and All the Wrong Questions , published under the pseudonym Lemony Snicket . The former was adapted into a Nickelodeon film in 2004 as well as a Netflix series from 2017 to 2019 . Handler has also published adult novels and a stage play under his real name , along with other children 's books under the Snicket pseudonym . His first book , a satirical fiction piece titled The Basic Eight was rejected by many publishers for its dark subject matter . Handler has also played the accordion in several bands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clifford_Ford", "text": "Clifford Robert Ford ( born 30 May 1947 ) is a Canadian composer , editor , music educator , and author . An associate of the Canadian Music Centre , he is a founding member of ARRAYMUSIC and a former member of the music faculties of McMaster University and Dalhousie University . He co-founded the Canadian Musical Heritage Society for which he is executive secretary and technical editor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rocket_Power", "text": "Rocket Power is an American animated television series created by Arlene Klasky and Gábor Csupó , the creators of Rugrats . The series aired on Nickelodeon from 1999 to 2004 . The show mainly revolves around four friends and their daily lives of playing varied extreme sports and getting into various situations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/English_Bay,_Alaska", "text": "Nanwalek ( place by lagoon ; Russian : Нануалек ) , formerly Alexandrovsk ( Russian : Александровск ) and later English Bay , is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States , that contains a traditional Alutiiq village . The population was 254 at the 2010 census , up from 177 in 2000 . There is one school located in the community , attended by 76 students . Subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people , and Nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting . The sale of alcohol is banned in the village , although importing and possession are allowed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_Hammer_Throw_Year_Ranking", "text": "This page lists the World Best Year Performances in the year 1990 in the hammer throw for both men and women . One of the main events during this season were the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split , FR Yugoslavia , where the final of the men 's competition was held on August 31 , 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fargo,_North_Dakota", "text": "Fargo is a city in and the county seat of Cass County , North Dakota , United States . The most populous city in the state , it accounts for nearly 17% of the state population . According to the 2018 United States Census estimates , its population was 124,844 , making it the 222nd-most populous city in the United States . Fargo , along with its twin city of Moorhead , Minnesota , as well as the adjacent cities of West Fargo , North Dakota and Dilworth , Minnesota , form the core of the Fargo-Moorhead , ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area , which in 2018 contained a population of 245,471 . Founded in 1871 on the Red River of the North floodplain , Fargo is a cultural , retail , health care , educational , and industrial center for eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota . The city is also home to North Dakota State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sarah_Lee_(reporter)", "text": "Sarah Choi Lee ( born 1971 ) is a Korean American reporter for CNN . Prior to working at CNN , Lee was a reporter for WJLA-TV , an ABC affiliate in Washington , D.C. from 2003-2009 . She appeared on NewsChannel 8 , which is owned by the same company , Allbritton Communications . Prior to her position at WJLA , she worked as a national correspondent for the Washington Bureau of NBC News and as a reporter for WRC-TV in Washington , DC . She was named one of Korea 's Future Leaders by the JoongAng Ilbo , one of Korea 's big three newspapers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zach_Braff", "text": "Zachary Israel Braff ( born April 6 , 1975 ) is an American actor , director , screenwriter and producer . He is best known for his role as J. D. on the television series Scrubs ( 2001-2010 ) , for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in 2005 and for three Golden Globe Awards from 2005 to 2007 . He starred in The Broken Hearts Club : A Romantic Comedy ( 2000 ) , The Last Kiss ( 2006 ) , The Ex ( 2006 ) and In Dubious Battle ( 2016 ) , and has done voice-work for Chicken Little ( 2005 ) , Oz the Great and Powerful ( 2013 ) , and the Netflix series Bojack Horseman . In 2004 , Braff made his directorial debut with Garden State , which he also wrote , starred in , and compiled the soundtrack album for . He shot the film in his home state of New Jersey for a budget of $ 2.5 million . The film made over $ 35 million at the box office and was praised by critics , leading it to gain a cult following . He won numerous awards for his directing work and also won the Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album in 2005 . Braff directed his second film , Wish I Was Here ( 2014 ) , which he partially funded with a Kickstarter campaign . Braff appeared on stage in All New People , which he wrote and starred in . It premiered in New York City in 2011 before playing in London 's West End . He also played the lead role in a musical adaptation of Woody Allen 's Bullets Over Broadway in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Johansson", "text": "Richard Johansson ( 18 June 1882 - 24 July 1952 ) was a Swedish figure skater . He won the silver medal in the men 's singles competition at the 1908 London Olympics . He was part of the Swedish medal sweep there . He also skated in pairs with Gertrud Ström and won the bronze at the 1909 World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warman,_Saskatchewan", "text": "Warman is the ninth largest city in Saskatchewan , Canada . It is approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of the city of Saskatoon , and 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) northeast of the city of Martensville . According to the 2016 census , Warman is the fastest growing municipality in the country , growing 55% between 2011 and 2016 . Warman is often referred to as a bedroom community of Saskatoon . The current mayor is Sheryl Spence . The current city council consists of Richard Beck , Brian Jones , Trevor Peterson , Gary Philipchuk , Kendal Shram , and Kevin Tooley . Warman is the newest city in Saskatchewan , officially incorporated on October 27 , 2012 . Warman is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No . 344 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wild_America_(film)", "text": "Wild America is a 1997 American adventure comedy film directed by William Dear , written by David Michael Wieger based on the life of wildlife documentarian Marty Stouffer , and starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Devon Sawa and Scott Bairstow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jason_Peters", "text": "Jason Raynard Peters ( born January 22 , 1982 ) is an American football offensive tackle for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2004 , originally as a tight end . He played college football at Arkansas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moneta,_Virginia", "text": "Moneta is an unincorporated community in Bedford and Franklin counties , Virginia , United States , along Route 122 between Bedford and Rocky Mount ; Route 122 follows a bypass around the community . Moneta was popularized as the filming location for scenes in the 1991 movie What About Bob ? . In the movie , Bob arrived by bus with his goldfish and went into a local general store , which still stands albeit in a disheveled state but is no longer open . Moneta is one of several postal addresses for homes located on both sides of Smith Mountain Lake , whether in Bedford or in Franklin counties , since there is no Smith Mountain Lake postal address . Olive Branch Missionary Baptist Church and the Holland-Duncan House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places . On 26 August 2015 the community made news when journalists Alison Parker and Adam Ward were murdered on live television by former colleague Vester Flanagan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_Ayles", "text": "Walter Henry Ayles ( 24 March 1879 - 6 July 1953 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for 11 years between 1923 and 1953 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paris_Charles_de_Gaulle_Airport", "text": "Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport ( French : Aéroport de Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle , IATA : CDG , ICAO : LFPG ) , also known as Roissy Airport , is the largest international airport in France and second-busiest airport in Europe . Opened in 1974 , it is located in Roissy-en-France , 23 km ( 14 mi ) northeast of Paris . It is named after Charles de Gaulle ( 1890-1970 ) . Charles de Gaulle Airport is located within portions of several communes in Val-d'Oise , Seine-Saint-Denis and Seine-et-Marne . It serves as the principal hub for Air France and a destination for other legacy carriers ( from Star Alliance , Oneworld and SkyTeam ) , as well as a focus city for low-cost carriers easyJet , Vueling , and Norwegian Air Shuttle . The Airport is operated by Groupe ADP under the brand Paris Aéroport . In 2019 , the airport handled 76,150,007 passengers and 498,175 aircraft movements , thus making it the world 's tenth-busiest airport , and Europe 's second-busiest airport ( after London Heathrow ) in terms of passenger numbers . In terms of cargo traffic , the airport is the twelfth-busiest in the world and the second-busiest in Europe ( after Frankfurt Airport ) , handling 2,150,950 metric tonnes of cargo in 2012 . As of 2017 , the airport offers direct flights to the most countries and hosts the most airlines in the world . Marc Houalla has been the director of the airport since 12 February 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blue_Mountain_Community_College", "text": "Blue Mountain Community College is a community college located in Pendleton , Oregon , United States , and serves Umatilla , Morrow , and Baker counties . It was established in 1962 and currently offers Associate of Arts degrees , Associate of Science degrees , Associate of Applied Science degrees , Certificates , and transfer degrees to four-year colleges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Backwell", "text": "Backwell is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England . It falls within the Unitary Authority of North Somerset and in 2011 had a population of 4,589 . The village lies about 7 miles ( 11 km ) southwest of Bristol , south of the A370 to Weston-super-Mare . The parish includes the hamlets of Backwell Common , Backwell Green , Backwell Farleigh and Lulsgate Bottom , and the districts of Backwell West Town and Downside ( not to be confused with the Downside near Chilcompton ) . Nearby are Nailsea , Flax Bourton , Yatton , Brockley and Barrow Gurney ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monaco", "text": "Monaco ( /ˈmɒnəkoʊ/ ( listen ) ; French pronunciation : ​ [ mɔnako ] ) , officially the Principality of Monaco ( French : Principauté de Monaco ) , [ a ] is a sovereign city-state , country , and microstate on the French Riviera in Western Europe . France borders the country on three sides while the other side borders the Mediterranean Sea . Monaco is about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the state border with Italy . Monaco has an area of 2.02 km2 ( 0.78 sq mi ) , making it the second-smallest country in the world after the Vatican . Its population as of 2018 is 38,682 . With 19,009 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 49,230/sq mi ) , it is the most densely-populated sovereign state in the world . Monaco has a land border of 5.47 km ( 3.40 mi ) , the world 's shortest coastline of approximately 3.83 km ( 2.38 mi ) ( regardless of the coastline paradox ) , and a width that varies between 1,700 and 349 m ( 5,577 and 1,145 ft ) . The highest point in the country is a narrow pathway named Chemin des Révoires on the slopes of Mont Agel , in the Les Révoires Ward , which is 161 metres ( 528 feet ) above sea level . Monaco 's most populous Quartier is Monte Carlo and the most populous Ward is Larvotto/Bas Moulins . Through land reclamation , Monaco 's land mass has expanded by 20 percent . In 2005 , it had an area of only 1.974 km2 ( 0.762 sq mi ) . Monaco is known to be the most expensive and the wealthiest place in the world due to its tax laws ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Branson_Maris", "text": "Albert Branson Maris ( December 19 , 1893 - February 7 , 1989 ) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and previously was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Another_World_(TV_series)", "text": "Another World ( often shortened to AW ) is an American television soap opera that aired on NBC from May 4 , 1964 , to June 25 , 1999 . It was created by Irna Phillips along with William J . Bell , and was produced by Procter & Gamble Productions at NBC Studios , 1268 East 14th Street in Brooklyn . Set in the fictional town of Bay City , the series originally opened with announcer Bill Wolff intoning its epigram , We do not live in this world alone , but in a thousand other worlds , which Phillips said represented the difference between the world of events we live in , and the world of feelings and dreams that we strive for . Another World focused less on the conventional drama of domestic life as seen in other soap operas , and more on exotic melodrama between families of different classes and philosophies . In 1964 , Another World was the first soap opera to talk about abortion when such subjects were taboo . It was the first soap opera to do a crossover , with the character of Mike Bauer from Guiding Light , which was also created by Irna Phillips , coming from Springfield to Bay City . It was also the first to expand to one hour , then to ninety minutes , and then back to an hour . It was the first soap to launch two spin-offs , Somerset and Texas , as well as an indirect one , Lovers and Friends , which would be renamed For Richer , For Poorer . Another World was also the second soap opera with a theme song to chart on the Billboard record charts , ( You Take Me Away To ) Another World by Crystal Gayle and Gary Morris , in 1987 . On April 12 , 1999 , NBC announced it was canceling Another World with its final episode on the network airing on June 25 , 1999 . NBC replaced Another World with another soap opera , Passions , on July 5 , 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barcelona,_Spain", "text": "Barcelona ( /ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə , Catalan : [ bəɾsəˈlonə ] , Spanish : [ baɾθeˈlona ] ) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain . It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia , as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain . With a population of 1.6 million within city limits , its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people , making it the sixth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris , the Ruhr area , Madrid , and Milan . It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea , located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs , and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range , the tallest peak of which is 512 metres ( 1,680 feet ) high . Founded as a Roman city , in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona . After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon , Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon as an economic and administrative centre of this Crown and the capital of the Principality of Catalonia . Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination . Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner , which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites . The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona . The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments . Barcelona is one of the world 's leading tourist , economic , trade fair and cultural centres , and its influence in commerce , education , entertainment , sports , media , fashion , science , and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the major global cities . It is a major cultural and economic centre in southwestern Europe , 24th in the world ( before Zürich , after Frankfurt ) and a financial centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daniel_Wright_(baseball)", "text": "Daniel Paul Wright ( born April 3 , 1991 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Cincinnati Reds and Los Angeles Angels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Daman_and_Diu", "text": "Daman and Diu /dəˈmɑːn . ˈdiːuː/ ( locally ( help·info ) ) was a union territory in western India . With an area of 112 km2 ( 43 sq mi ) , it was the smallest federal division of India on the mainland . The territory comprised two distinct regions - Daman and Diu - that are geographically separated by the Gulf of Khambhat . The state of Gujarat and the Arabian Sea border the territory . A Portuguese colony since the 1500s , the territories were annexed by India in 1961 . Daman and Diu were administered as part of the union territory of Goa , Daman and Diu between 1961 and 1987 , when they became a separate union territory . In 2019 , legislation was passed to merge the union territory of Daman and Diu with its neighbouring union territory , Dadra and Nagar Haveli , to form the new union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu with effect from 26 January 2020 . It has also been ruled by Kolis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Airlock_Or_How_To_Say_Goodbye_In_Space", "text": "Airlock , or How To Say Goodbye In Space is a 2007 short British science fiction film directed by Chris Boyle and starring Michael Sheen , Steven Waddington , and Derek Jacobi . The film was nominated for the Shine Award at the Bradford International Film Festival 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix", "text": "Jordan Grand Prix was a Formula One constructor that competed from 1991 to 2005 . The team is named after Irish businessman and founder Eddie Jordan . Jordan and his team were well known for an easygoing attitude which added colour and character to Formula One in the 1990s . The team was based at Silverstone , UK but raced with the Irish licence . In early 2005 , the team was sold to Midland Group , who competed for one final season as 'Jordan ' , before renaming the team as MF1 Racing for the 2006 season , before being sold later in 2006 to Dutch car manufacturer Spyker to become Spyker F1 for 2007 , and then sold again to become Force India in 2008 . In 2018 , as a result of the financial collapse of the Force India team , and its subsequent buyout by a consortium led by Lawrence Stroll , the team 's FIA entry was not transferred , and the Jordan Grand Prix 's original entry was finally excluded from the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.J._Morris", "text": "Anthony J. Morris ( born December 1 , 1986 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Cincinnati Reds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reading_College", "text": "Reading College is a further education college based in Reading , Berkshire , England . It has over 8,500 local learners on over 900 courses . The Kings Road site that is the principal location of Reading College has been used for further education since 1955 , when the Reading Technical College was opened . This was renamed the Reading College of Technology in 1967 and the Reading College of Arts and Technology during the 1970s . Thanks to a merger with the Berkshire College of Art and Design ( in Maidenhead ) , it became the Reading College and School of Arts and Design in 1997 . It was taken over and became part of Thames Valley University in 2004 . Thames Valley University continued to offer further education courses at the site , whilst also offering higher education courses more in keeping with its status as a university . In 2009 , the Thames Valley University decided to concentrate on higher education . In 2010 the responsibility for further education , along with the Kings Road site , were transferred to a relaunched Reading College . The college is a partnership between Activate Learning , ( an educational group working alongside City of Oxford College and Banbury and Bicester College ) and the Learning and Skills Network ( LSN ) , a not-for-profit organisation active in education and training . Reading College and Activate Learning are lead sponsors of UTC Reading , a university technical college which opened in September 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Cotabato", "text": "South Cotabato , officially the Province of South Cotabato ( Hiligaynon : Bagatnan Cotabato ; Cebuano : Habagatang Cotabato ; Maguindanaon : Pagabagatan Kutawatu ; Kapampangan : Mauling Cotabato ) , is a province in the Philippines located in the SOCCSKSARGEN region in Mindanao . Its capital is Koronadal City , and it borders Sultan Kudarat to the north and west , Sarangani to the south and northeast , and Davao del Sur to the far northeast . To the southeast lies Sarangani Bay . General Santos , located on the shores of Sarangani Bay , is the most populous city in the region , but is governed independently from the province . The province of Sarangani used to be part of South Cotabato until it was made an independent province in 1992 . On July 2017 , South Cotabato Police Chief Franklin Alvero sent a proposal to the Provincial Government changing the name of the province to Allah Valley Province which Governor Daisy P. Avance Fuentes is open with . The proposal met both Criticisms and support from the citizens of the province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Botanical_Garden_in_Berlin", "text": "The Berlin-Dahlem Botanical Garden and Botanical Museum ( German : Botanischer Garten und Botanisches Museum Berlin-Dahlem ) is a botanical garden in the German capital city of Berlin , with an area of 43 hectares and around 22,000 different plant species . It was constructed between 1897 and 1910 , under the guidance of architect Adolf Engler , in order to present exotic plants returned from German colonies . The garden is located in the Lichterfelde locality of the borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf . When it was founded , a part of it was located in Dahlem , a fact that is still reflected in its name . This part of Dahlem became part of Lichterfelde in 1938 . Today , the garden is part of the Free University of Berlin . The Botanical Museum ( Botanisches Museum ) , with a large herbarium ( Herbarium Berolinense ) and a large scientific library , is attached to the garden . The complex consists of several buildings and glass-houses , such as the Cactus Pavilion and the Pavilion Victoria ( which features a collection of orchids , carnivorous plants and giant white water lily Victoria-Seerosen ) . The total area of all glass-houses is 6,000 m² . The garden 's open-air areas , sorted by geographical origin , have a total area of 13 hectares . The garden 's arboretum is 14 hectares . The best-known part of the garden is the Great Pavilion ( Großes Tropenhaus ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Military_Governor", "text": "A governor is , in most cases , a public official with the power to govern the executive branch of a non-sovereign or sub-national level of government , ranking under the head of state . In federations , governor may be the title of a politician who governs a constituent state and may be either appointed or elected . The power of the individual governor can vary dramatically between political systems , with some governors having only nominal or largely ceremonial power , while others having a complete control over the entire government . Historically , the title can also apply to the executive officials acting as representatives of a chartered company which has been granted exercise of sovereignty in a colonial area , such as the British East India Company or the Dutch East India Company . These companies operate as a major state within a state with its own armed forces . There can also be non-political governors : high-ranking officials in private or similar governance such as commercial and non-profit management , styled governor ( s ) , who simply govern an institution , such as a corporation or a bank . For example , in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries , there are prison governors ( wardens in the United States ) , school governors and bank governors . The adjective pertaining to a governor is gubernatorial , from the Latin root gubernare . The historical female form is governess , though female officials are referred to by the gender-neutral form governor ( without the gender specific suffix ) of the noun to avoid confusion with other meanings of the term ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aiken,_South_Carolina", "text": "Aiken is the largest city in and the county seat of Aiken County , in the western portion of the state of South Carolina , United States . With Augusta , Georgia , it is one of the two largest cities of the Central Savannah River Area . It is part of the Augusta-Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area . Founded in 1835 , it was named after William Aiken , the president of the South Carolina Railroad . It became part of Aiken County when the county was formed in 1871 from parts of Orangeburg , Lexington , Edgefield , and Barnwell counties . Aiken is home to the University of South Carolina Aiken . The population was 30,778 according to 2018 U.S. Census estimates . Aiken was recognized with the All-America City Award in 1997 by the National Civic League . Aiken was also awarded the best small town of the south by Southern Living ."}
{"title": "/wiki/C_(programming_language)", "text": "C ( /siː/ , as in the letter c ) is a general-purpose , procedural computer programming language supporting structured programming , lexical variable scope , and recursion , while a static type system prevents unintended operations . By design , C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions and has found lasting use in applications previously coded in assembly language . Such applications include operating systems and various application software for computers , from supercomputers to embedded systems . C was originally developed at Bell Labs by Dennis Ritchie between 1972 and 1973 to make utilities running on Unix . Later , it was applied to re-implementing the kernel of the Unix operating system . During the 1980s , C gradually gained popularity . It has become one of the most widely used programming languages , with C compilers from various vendors available for the majority of existing computer architectures and operating systems . C has been standardized by the ANSI since 1989 ( see ANSI C ) and by the International Organization for Standardization . C is an imperative procedural language . It was designed to be compiled using a relatively straightforward compiler to provide low-level access to memory and language constructs that map efficiently to machine instructions , all with minimal runtime support . Despite its low-level capabilities , the language was designed to encourage cross-platform programming . A standards-compliant C program written with portability in mind can be compiled for a wide variety of computer platforms and operating systems with few changes to its source code ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Genova_(newspaper_1639–1646)", "text": "Genova ( or Di Genova ) was a newspaper published in Genoa from 1639 to 1646 . The issue dated 29 July 1639 is the oldest issue still in existence of a newspaper printed in Italy . [ a ] This newspaper was founded and edited by Michele Castelli , [ b ] and it supported the pro-Spanish faction in the politic of the Republic of Genoa . This newspaper edited by Michele Castelli shall not be confused with another newspaper printed in Genoa from 1642 to 1684 , always titled Genova , but founded by Alessandro Botticelli and tied to the pro-French faction , and sometimes known as Il Sincero . Scholars suppose that the first newspaper printed in Italy was edited in Florence in 1636 by Amador Massi and Lorenzo Landi , but no issue was discovered to confirm that conjecture , therefore the Genova newspaper , printed from 1639 , shall be considered the oldest printed newspaper in Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirkby-in-Ashfield", "text": "Kirkby-in-Ashfield is a market town in Nottinghamshire , England , with a population of 25,265 ( according to the 2001 National Census ) , falling to 20,672 for the total of the three Ashfield Wards taken at the 2011 census . It is a part of the Mansfield Urban Area . The Head Offices of Ashfield District Council are located on Urban Road in the town centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donkey_Kong_Country", "text": "Donkey Kong Country [ α ] is a 1994 platform game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , as part of the Donkey Kong franchise created by Shigeru Miyamoto . The game centers on the duo of Donkey Kong and his nephew Diddy Kong , who are on a quest to recover their stolen banana hoard from King K. Rool and his henchmen Kremlings . Development began shortly after Rare founders , brothers Tim and Chris Stamper , ran experiments with a Silicon Graphics ( SGI ) workstation to render 3D sprites . Nintendo became interested in Rare 's work and acquired 49% of the company , leading to the production of a game for the SNES using Alias and SGI technology . The Stamper brothers expressed interest in creating a standalone Donkey Kong game and assembled a team of 12 developers to work on the game over 18 months . Donkey Kong Country is the first Donkey Kong game that was not produced or directed by the franchise 's creator Shigeru Miyamoto , though he was involved with the project . Following an aggressive marketing campaign , Donkey Kong Country received critical acclaim and sold more than nine million copies worldwide , making it the third best-selling SNES game and has been cited as one of the greatest video games of all time . It was ported to the Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance consoles , and was made available for Nintendo 's Virtual Console . Donkey Kong Country is the first game in the Donkey Kong Country series and was followed by two sequels on the SNES : Donkey Kong Country 2 : Diddy 's Kong Quest in 1995 , and Donkey Kong Country 3 : Dixie Kong 's Double Trouble ! in 1996 . In 2017 , the game was released as a part of the Super NES Classic Edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Area", "text": "Area is the quantity that expresses the extent of a two-dimensional figure or shape or planar lamina , in the plane . Surface area is its analog on the two-dimensional surface of a three-dimensional object . Area can be understood as the amount of material with a given thickness that would be necessary to fashion a model of the shape , or the amount of paint necessary to cover the surface with a single coat . It is the two-dimensional analog of the length of a curve ( a one-dimensional concept ) or the volume of a solid ( a three-dimensional concept ) . The area of a shape can be measured by comparing the shape to squares of a fixed size . In the International System of Units ( SI ) , the standard unit of area is the square metre ( written as m2 ) , which is the area of a square whose sides are one metre long . A shape with an area of three square metres would have the same area as three such squares . In mathematics , the unit square is defined to have area one , and the area of any other shape or surface is a dimensionless real number . There are several well-known formulas for the areas of simple shapes such as triangles , rectangles , and circles . Using these formulas , the area of any polygon can be found by dividing the polygon into triangles . For shapes with curved boundary , calculus is usually required to compute the area . Indeed , the problem of determining the area of plane figures was a major motivation for the historical development of calculus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vice_unit", "text": "Vice is a practice , behaviour , or habit generally considered immoral , sinful , criminal , rude , taboo , depraved , or degrading in the associated society . In more minor usage , vice can refer to a fault , a negative character trait , a defect , an infirmity , or a bad or unhealthy habit . Vices are usually associated with a transgression in a person 's character or temperament rather than their morality . Synonyms for vice include fault , sin , depravity , iniquity , wickedness , and corruption . The opposite of vice is virtue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trebišov", "text": "Trebišov ( Hungarian : Tőketerebes ; German : Trebischau ; Russian : Требишев ) is a small industrial town in the easternmost part of Slovakia , with a population of around 25,000 . The town is an administrative , economic and cultural center with machine ( Vagónka ) and building materials industries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pearl_Harbor", "text": "Pearl Harbor is an American lagoon harbor on the island of Oahu , Hawaii , west of Honolulu . It has been long visited by the Naval fleet of the United States , before it was acquired from the Hawaiian Kingdom by the U.S. with the signing of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1875 . Much of the harbor and surrounding lands is now a United States Navy deep-water naval base . It is also the headquarters of the United States Pacific Fleet . The U.S. government first obtained exclusive use of the inlet and the right to maintain a repair and coaling station for ships here in 1887 . The attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on December 7 , 1941 , was the immediate cause of the United States ' entry into World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berry_College", "text": "Berry College is a private liberal arts college located in Mount Berry , Georgia . It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools ( SACS ) . Berry was founded on values based on Christian principles in 1902 by Martha Berry . It originally was a school to educate underprivileged youth from the surrounding mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wayne_Robinson", "text": "Wayne Lavern Robinson ( January 14 , 1930 - December 20 , 2015 ) was a professional American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1952 through 1956 . He played college football at the University of Minnesota and was drafted by the Eagles in the eighth round of the 1952 NFL Draft . He was selected to the Pro Bowl in 1954 and 1955 . After his playing career , he coached in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the British Columbia Lions . He also coached at the University of Iowa , for the Houston Oilers , Green Bay Packers and the Atlanta Falcons before finally retiring in 1976 . He was named to the Philadelphia Eagles Top 75 players in franchise history in 2007 celebrating the team 's 75th anniversary . He ranked at number 44 . He died on December 20 , 2015 in San Diego at the age of 85 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Villanova_University", "text": "Villanova University is a private Catholic research university in Radnor Township , Pennsylvania . Named after Saint Thomas of Villanova , the university is the oldest Catholic university in Pennsylvania and the only Augustinian university in the United States . Founded in 1842 by the Order of Saint Augustine , the university traces its roots to old Saint Augustine 's Church , Philadelphia , which the Augustinian friars founded in 1796 , and to its parish school , Saint Augustine 's Academy , which was established in 1811 . The school 's identity remains deeply rooted in its Augustinian Catholic foundation - the majority of students are Catholic , the administration is led by priests , there is a cross on every building , and all students are required to take the Augustine and Culture Seminar course their freshman year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Microsoft_Windows", "text": "Microsoft Windows , commonly referred to as Windows , is a group of several proprietary graphical operating system families , all of which are developed and marketed by Microsoft . Each family caters to a certain sector of the computing industry . Active Microsoft Windows families include Windows NT and Windows IoT ; these may encompass subfamilies , e.g . Windows Server or Windows Embedded Compact ( Windows CE ) . Defunct Microsoft Windows families include Windows 9x , Windows Mobile and Windows Phone . Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20 , 1985 , as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS in response to the growing interest in graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) . Microsoft Windows came to dominate the world 's personal computer ( PC ) market with over 90% market share , overtaking Mac OS , which had been introduced in 1984 . Apple came to see Windows as an unfair encroachment on their innovation in GUI development as implemented on products such as the Lisa and Macintosh ( eventually settled in court in Microsoft 's favor in 1993 ) . On PCs , Windows is still the most popular operating system . However , in 2014 , Microsoft admitted losing the majority of the overall operating system market to Android , because of the massive growth in sales of Android smartphones . In 2014 , the number of Windows devices sold was less than 25% that of Android devices sold . This comparison , however , may not be fully relevant , as the two operating systems traditionally target different platforms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ethel_D._Jacobs", "text": "Ethel D. Jacobs ( March 18 , 1910 - November 9 , 2001 ) was a prominent American Thoroughbred racehorse owner/breeder who was a three-time leading owner in North America . Married to U.S . Racing Hall of Fame trainer Hirsch Jacobs , Ethel Jacobs used salmon pink and green racing silks . She and her husband owned Stymie Manor , a horse breeding operation in Sparks , Maryland . She owned and raced a number of successful horses trained by her husband and her son . Ethel Jacobs was the leading owner in North America in 1936 , 1937 , and 1943 . Among her notable horses were :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bill_Bowerman", "text": "William Jay Bill Bowerman ( February 19 , 1911 - December 24 , 1999 ) was an American track and field coach and co-founder of Nike , Inc. Over his career , he trained 31 Olympic athletes , 51 All-Americans , 12 American record-holders , 22 NCAA champions and 16 sub-4 minute milers . He disliked being called a coach and during his 24 years at the University of Oregon , the Ducks track and field team had a winning season every season but one , attained 4 NCAA titles , and finished in the top 10 in the nation 16 times . As co-founder of Nike , he invented some of their top brands , including the Cortez and Waffle Racer , and assisted in the company moving from being a distributor of other shoe brands to one creating their own shoes in house ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Noliko_Maaseik", "text": "Greenyard Maaseik is a Belgian volleyball club from the city Maaseik ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_Clown", "text": "Murder Clown ( born March 1 , 1986 ) is the ring name of a Mexican Luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler currently signed to Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide ( AAA ) . Murder Clown 's ring character is that of a nightmarish clown and he is part of Los Psycho Circus along with Monster Clown and Psycho Clown . Murder Clown 's real name is not a matter of public record , as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gore_Verbinski", "text": "Gregor Gore Verbinski ( born March 16 , 1964 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and musician . He is best known for directing the first three films of the Pirates of the Caribbean film saga , The Ring , and Rango . Verbinski is a graduate of UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television . His most recent film , A Cure for Wellness , was released in 2017 . Verbinski won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature , the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film and the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film in 2012 for his animated action-comedy western Rango ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scotland_national_football_team", "text": "The Scotland national football team represents Scotland in international football and is controlled by the Scottish Football Association . It competes in the three major professional tournaments , the FIFA World Cup , UEFA Nations League and the UEFA European Championship . Scotland , as a country of the United Kingdom , is not a member of the International Olympic Committee and therefore the national team does not compete in the Olympic Games . The majority of Scotland 's home matches are played at the national stadium , Hampden Park . Scotland is the joint oldest national football team in the world , alongside England , whom they played in the world 's first international football match in 1872 . Scotland has a long-standing rivalry with England , whom they played annually from 1872 until 1989 . The teams have met only seven times since then , most recently in June 2017 . Scotland have qualified for the FIFA World Cup on eight occasions and the UEFA European Championship twice , but have never progressed beyond the first group stage of a finals tournament . The last major tournament they qualified for was the 1998 World Cup . The team have achieved some noteworthy results , such as beating the 1966 FIFA World Cup winners England 3-2 at Wembley Stadium in 1967 . Archie Gemmill scored what has been described as one of the greatest World Cup goals ever in a 3-2 win during the 1978 World Cup against the Netherlands , who reached the final of the tournament . In their qualifying group for UEFA Euro 2008 , Scotland defeated 2006 World Cup runners-up France 1-0 in both fixtures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_FITA_Archery_World_Cup", "text": "The 2014 Archery World Cup was the ninth edition of the annual Archery World Cup , organised by the World Archery Federation . The locations for the 4 preliminary stages were the same as in 2013 , with the first leg in Shanghai , China from 22-27 April , the second leg on 13-18 May in Medellin , Colombia , the third leg on 10-15 June in Antalya , Turkey , and the final leg on August 5-10 in Wroclaw , Poland . The finals were held in Lausanne on 6-7 September . American Brady Ellison won the men 's recurve competition for a record third time , beating 16-year-old Marcus D'Almeida in the final by shoot off . The winners in the other events were all from the Americas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berner_Zeitung", "text": "Berner Zeitung ( literally : Journal of Bern ) , also branded as BZ , is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper , published by Tamedia in Bern ."}
{"title": "/wiki/San_Diego", "text": "San Diego ( /ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/ , Spanish : [ san ˈdjeɣo ] ; Spanish for Saint Didacus ) is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean , approximately 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico . With an estimated population of 1,425,976 as of July 1 , 2018 , San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California . It is part of the San Diego-Tijuana conurbation , the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the U.S. and a bordering country after Detroit-Windsor , with a population of 4,922,723 people . The city is known for its mild year-round climate , natural deep-water harbor , extensive beaches , long association with the United States Navy , and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center . San Diego has been called the birthplace of California . Historically home to the Kumeyaay people , it was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States . Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542 , Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain , forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later . The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá , founded in 1769 , formed the first European settlement in what is now California . In 1821 , San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire , which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later . California became part of the United States in 1848 following the Mexican-American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850 . The city is the seat of San Diego County and is the economic center of the region as well as the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area . San Diego 's main economic engines are military and defense-related activities , tourism , international trade , and manufacturing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khmer_Serei", "text": "The Khmer Serei ( Khmer : ខ្មែរសេរី Khmer pronunciation : [ kʰmae seː.ˈrəj ] Free Khmer ) were an anti-communist and anti-monarchist guerrilla force founded by Cambodian nationalist Son Ngoc Thanh . In 1959 , he published 'The Manifesto of the Khmer Serei ' claiming that Sihanouk was supporting the 'communization ' of Kampuchea . In the 1960s , the Khmer Serei were accumulating in numbers and were on their way to becoming a formidable fighting force . The primary objective of the Khmer Serei was to destabilize the existing powers held by the then-Cambodian leader , King Norodom Sihanouk and to overthrow his reign - and to become a permanent part of the Cambodian body politic . The Khmer Serei 's relative lack of resources , poor timing and lack of dominance as compared to the Khmer Rouge majority and political support from Sihanouk , eventually led to their decline . Their goals , therefore were never brought to fruition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Park_Hills,_Missouri", "text": "Park Hills is a city in St. Francois County , Missouri , United States . The population was 8,759 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lowell,_Massachusetts", "text": "Lowell is a city in the U.S. Commonwealth of Massachusetts . Located in Middlesex County , Lowell ( along with Cambridge ) was a county seat until Massachusetts disbanded county government in 1999 . With an estimated population of 111,640 in 2018 , it was the fourth-largest city in Massachusetts as of the last census and is estimated to be the fifth-largest as of 2018 , and the second-largest in the Boston metropolitan statistical area . The city is also part of a smaller Massachusetts statistical area called Greater Lowell , as well as New England 's Merrimack Valley region . Incorporated in 1826 to serve as a mill town , Lowell was named after Francis Cabot Lowell , a local figure in the Industrial Revolution . The city became known as the cradle of the American Industrial Revolution , due to a large series of textile mills and factories . Many of the Lowell 's historic manufacturing sites were later preserved by the National Park Service to create Lowell National Historical Park . During the Cambodian genocide , the city took in an influx of refugees , leading to a Cambodia Town and America 's second-largest Cambodian-American population . Lowell is home to two institutions of higher education ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Havana", "text": "Havana ( /həˈvænə/ ; Spanish : La Habana [ la aˈβana ] ( listen ) ) is the capital city , largest city , province , major port , and leading commercial center of Cuba . The city has a population of 2.1 million inhabitants , and it spans a total of 781.58 km2 ( 301.77 sq mi ) - making it the largest city by area , the most populous city , and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region . The city of Havana was founded by the Spanish in the 16th century and due to its strategic location it served as a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the Americas , becoming a stopping point for treasure-laden Spanish galleons returning to Spain . The King Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of City in 1592 . Walls as well as forts were built to protect the old city . The sinking of the U.S. battleship Maine in Havana 's harbor in 1898 was the immediate cause of the Spanish-American War . The city is the center of the Cuban government , and home to various ministries , headquarters of businesses and over 90 diplomatic offices . The current governor is Reinaldo García Zapata of the Communist Party of Cuba ( PCC ) . In 2009 , the city/province had the third highest income in the country . Contemporary Havana can essentially be described as three cities in one : Old Havana , Vedado and the newer suburban districts . The city extends mostly westward and southward from the bay , which is entered through a narrow inlet and which divides into three main harbors : Mari melena , Guanabacoa and Antares . The sluggish Almendares River traverses the city from south to north , entering the Straits of Florida a few miles west of the bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006_in_film", "text": "The following is an overview of events in 2006 , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies and festivals , a list of films released and notable deaths ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram ( IPA : [ t̪iruʋənən̪t̪əpurəm ] ( listen ) ) , commonly known by its former name Trivandrum , is the capital of the Indian state of Kerala . It is the most populous city in Kerala with a population of 957,730 as of 2011 . The encompassing urban agglomeration population is around 1.68 million . Located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland , Thiruvananthapuram is a major Information Technology hub in Kerala and contributes 55% of the state 's software exports as of 2016 . Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the Evergreen city of India , the city is characterised by its undulating terrain of low coastal hills . The Ays ruled the present region of Thiruvananthapuram until the 10th century . With their fall in the 10th century , the city was taken over by the Chera dynasty . The city was later taken over by the Kingdom of Venad in the 12th century . In the 17th century the king Marthanda Varma expanded the territory and founded the princely state of Travancore and Thiruvananthapuram was made capital of Travancore . Following India 's independence in 1947 , Thiruvananthapuram became the capital of Travancore-Cochin state and remained capital when the new Indian state of Kerala was formed in 1956 . Thiruvananthapuram is a notable academic and research hub and is home to the University of Kerala , Kerala Technological University the regional headquarters of Indira Gandhi National Open University , and many other schools and colleges . Thiruvananthapuram is also home to research centres such as the National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology , Indian Space Research Organisation 's Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre , the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology , and a campus of the Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HV71", "text": "HV71 ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈhôːveː ˌɧɵtːɪˈɛtː ] ) , often referred to as just HV , is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Jönköping , playing in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ; formerly Elitserien ) , the top tier of Swedish ice hockey . The team played in the 2008-09 Champions Hockey League season , and also participates in the new Champions Hockey League tournament since the 2014-15 season . Between 2008 and 2013 , HV also participated in the European Trophy tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alfred_G._Vanderbilt_II", "text": "Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt Jr. ( September 22 , 1912 - November 12 , 1999 ) was a member of the prominent Vanderbilt family , a son of the first Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt , who died a hero in the sinking of the RMS Lusitania . His mother , Margaret Emerson ( daughter of the Bromo-Seltzer inventor Isaac Edward Emerson ) , was one of America 's wealthiest women and most sought-after hostesses , operating at least seven large estates around the country . His grandfather , Cornelius Vanderbilt II , had been one of America 's most revered businessmen ; his great-grandfather , William Henry Vanderbilt had been the richest man in the world . Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt started the family fortune in shipping and railroads as the founder of the New York Central Railroad and builder of Grand Central Depot ( built 1869-1871 on Manhattan Island in New York , outside and to the north of the then city limits of New York City ) , the precursor to Grand Central Terminal , built on approximately the same location , and completed by Cornelius II in 1913 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aquidneck_Island", "text": "Aquidneck Island , officially Rhode Island , is an island in Narragansett Bay and in the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , which is partially named after the island . The total land area is 97.9 km2 ( 37.8 sq mi ) , which makes it the largest island in the bay . The 2000 United States Census reported its population as 60,870 . Aquidneck Island is home to three towns , from north to south : Portsmouth , Middletown , and Newport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Product_G&B", "text": "The Product G & B is an American R & B duo made up of David McRae also known as Sincere Gubano and Marvin Moore-Hough also known as Money Harm . They were associated with Wyclef Jean 's The Refugee Camp . Since their debut in 1998 , the duo lent their vocals to several tracks on Pras ' Ghetto Supastar album , including the single Blue Angels . Wyclef Jean convinced Arista Records chief Clive Davis to release Maria Maria , the duo 's collaboration with Carlos Santana , as a single , which contributed to Santana 's Supernatural album eventually selling over 30 million copies worldwide . The song became a worldwide number-one hit . Maria Maria was named the third most successful song on the Billboard Hot 100 . The song also won a Grammy Award in 2000 . The duo also released the singles , Cluck Cluck and Dirty Dancin ' . In 2008 , they were featured on 50 Cent 's Tired of Being Broke . In 2009 , they were featured on Squala Orphan 's song U Do n't Know from the album Unheard Cries . In 2011 , they formed the rock band called Guitars N Bandanaz with Sincere and rapper Mike Street . On May 31 , 2013 , they released the song V.I.P ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_European_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The 1990 ICI European Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place in March 1990 at the Palais des Sports in Lyon , France . John Parrott won the tournament , defeating Stephen Hendry 10-6 in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anne_Frank", "text": "Annelies Marie Anne Frank ( German : [ anəˈliːs maˈʁiː ˈfʁaŋk ] , Dutch : [ ɑnəˈlis maːˈri ˈfrɑŋk ] ; 12 June 1929 - February or March 1945 ) was a German-born Dutch-Jewish diarist . One of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust , she gained fame posthumously with the publication of The Diary of a Young Girl ( originally Het Achterhuis in Dutch ; English : The Secret Annex ) , in which she documents her life in hiding from 1942 to 1944 , during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II . It is one of the world 's best known books and has been the basis for several plays and films . Born in Frankfurt , Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , Netherlands , having moved there with her family at the age of four and a half when the Nazis gained control over Germany . Born a German national , she lost her citizenship in 1941 and thus became stateless . By May 1940 , the Franks were trapped in Amsterdam by the German occupation of the Netherlands . As persecutions of the Jewish population increased in July 1942 , the Franks went into hiding in some concealed rooms behind a bookcase in the building where Anne 's father , Otto Frank , worked . From then until the family 's arrest by the Gestapo in August 1944 , she kept a diary she had received as a birthday present , and wrote in it regularly . Following their arrest , the Franks were transported to concentration camps . In October or November 1944 , Anne and her sister , Margot , were transferred from Auschwitz to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died ( probably of typhus ) a few months later . They were originally estimated by the Red Cross to have died in March , with Dutch authorities setting 31 March as their official date of death , but research by the Anne Frank House in 2015 suggests it is more likely that they died in February . Otto , the only survivor of the Franks , returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that her diary had been saved by his secretary , Miep Gies , and his efforts led to its publication in 1947 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMW_in_Formula_One", "text": "BMW has been involved in Formula One in a number of capacities since the inauguration of the World Drivers ' Championship in 1950 . The company entered occasional races in the 1950s and 1960s ( often under Formula Two regulations ) , before building the BMW M12/13 inline-four turbocharged engine in the 1980s . This engine was the result of a deal between BMW and Brabham , which resulted in the team 's chassis being powered by BMW engines from 1982 until 1987 , a period in which Nelson Piquet won the 1983 championship driving a Brabham BT52-BMW . BMW also supplied the M12/13 on a customer basis to the ATS , Arrows , Benetton and Ligier teams during this period , with various degrees of success . In 1988 , Brabham temporarily withdrew from the sport and BMW withdrew its official backing from the engines , which were still used by the Arrows team under the Megatron badge . Turbocharged engines were banned by the revised Formula One Technical Regulations for 1989 , rendering the M12/13 obsolete . BMW decided to return to Formula One in the late 1990s by signing an exclusive contract with the Williams team , which needed a new long-term engine supplier after the withdrawal of Renault in 1997 . The programme resulted in the creation of a new V10 engine which made its race début in the Williams FW22 in 2000 . The following year saw the partnership move from the midfield to challenging for race victories , but the desired championship remained elusive due to the dominance of Michael Schumacher and Ferrari in the first half of the 2000s . By 2005 , the relationship between BMW and Williams had deteriorated , and BMW chose to part company and buy the rival Sauber team outright . The BMW Sauber project lasted from 2006 until 2009 , and resulted in a substantial increase in competitiveness for the Swiss former privateer team . Two podium finishes in the first year were followed by a solid third in the Constructors ' Championship in 2007 ( which became second when McLaren was disqualified ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barkers_Creek,_Queensland", "text": "Booie is a rural locality on the boundary of Kingaroy and Nanango in the South Burnett Region , Queensland , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Notre_Dame", "text": "The University of Notre Dame du Lac ( or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM , or ND ) is a private Catholic research university in Notre Dame , Indiana , outside the city of South Bend . It was founded in 1842 by Rev . Edward Sorin . The main campus covers 1,261 acres ( 510 ha ) in a suburban setting ; it contains a number of recognizable landmarks , such as the Golden Dome , the Word of Life mural ( commonly known as Touchdown Jesus ) , Notre Dame Stadium , and the Basilica . Notre Dame has consistently been recognized as one of the top universities in the United States , in particular for its undergraduate education . Undergraduate students are organized into six colleges . The School of Architecture is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the annual Driehaus Architecture Prize . The university offers over 50 yearlong study programs abroad and over 15 summer programs . Notre Dame 's graduate program has more than 50 master , doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the six schools , including the Notre Dame Law School and an MD-PhD program offered in combination with the Indiana University School of Medicine . It maintains a system of libraries , cultural venues , artistic and scientific museums , including the Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art . The majority of the university 's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 31 residence halls , each with its own traditions , legacies , events , and intramural sports teams . The university 's approximately 134,000 alumni are considered one of the strongest college alumni networks in the U.S ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wooster,_Ohio", "text": "Wooster ( /ˈwʊstər/ WUUS-tər ) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Wayne County . The municipality is located in northeastern Ohio approximately 50 mi ( 80 km ) SSW of Cleveland , 35 mi ( 56 km ) SW of Akron and 30 mi ( 48 km ) W of Canton . The population was 24,811 at the 2000 census and 26,119 at the 2010 Census . The city is the largest in Wayne County , and the center of the Wooster Micropolitan Statistical Area ( as defined by the United States Census Bureau ) . Wooster has the main branch and administrative offices of the Wayne County Public Library . The College of Wooster is located in Wooster . fDi magazine ranked Wooster among North America 's top 10 micro cities for business friendliness and strategy in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/26th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 26th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 28 , 1984 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles , and were broadcast live on American television . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1983 . Michael Jackson who had been recovering from scalp burns sustained due to an accident which occurred during filming of a Pepsi commercial , won a record eight awards during the show . It is notable for garnering the largest Grammy Award television audience ever . Album of the Year and Record of the Year went to Quincy Jones and Michael Jackson for Thriller and Beat It , and Song of the Year went to The Police for Every Breath You Take ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_(basketball)", "text": "The center ( C ) , also known as the five position , or the big man , is one of the five positions in a basketball game . The center is normally the tallest player on the team , and often has a great deal of strength and body mass as well . In the NBA , the center is usually 6 feet 10 inches ( 2.08 m ) or taller and usually weighs 240 pounds ( 110 kg ) or more . They traditionally have played close to the basket in the low post . Centers are valued for their ability to protect their own goal while scoring with high efficiency . In the 1950s and 1960s , George Mikan and Bill Russell were centerpieces of championship dynasties and defined early prototypical centers . With the addition of a three-point field goal for the 1979-80 season , however , NBA basketball gradually became more perimeter-oriented and saw the importance of the center position diminished . A center with the ability to shoot outside from three-point range is known as stretch five ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1975–76_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1975-76 Iraqi National League was the 2nd season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Newly-promoted club Al-Zawraa , founded in 1969 , won the league title and also won the first ever Iraq FA Cup to complete the first double ever in Iraqi football . The reason for Al-Zawraa 's dominance is that Al-Naqil , the club that finished as runners-up of the 1974-75 season , folded due to financial difficulties , and their players joined newly-promoted Al-Zawraa meaning they had a lot of the best players in Iraq in their time from their very first season in the top-flight ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Kingdom", "text": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom ( UK or U.K. ) or Britain , [ note 11 ] is a sovereign country located off the north­western coast of the European mainland . Existing under its current name since 1921 , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north­eastern part of the island of Ireland , and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland . Otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east , the English Channel to the south and the Celtic Sea to the southwest , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea separates Great Britain and Ireland . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94,000 square miles ( 240,000 km2 ) . The United Kingdom is a unitary parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy . [ note 12 ] The current monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 1952 , making her the world 's longest-serving current head of state . The United Kingdom 's capital and largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million . Other major cities include Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Leeds and Liverpool . The United Kingdom consists of four constituent countries : England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . Their capitals are London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , and Belfast , respectively ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hare_Trimmed", "text": "Hare Trimmed is a 1953 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies short directed by Friz Freleng and written by Warren Foster , which features Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam voiced by Mel Blanc , and Granny voiced by Bea Benaderet ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giant's_Causeway", "text": "The Giant 's Causeway is an area of about 40,000 interlocking basalt columns , the result of an ancient volcanic fissure eruption . It is located in County Antrim on the north coast of Northern Ireland , about three miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of the town of Bushmills . It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986 and a national nature reserve in 1987 by the Department of the Environment for Northern Ireland . In a 2005 poll of Radio Times readers , the Giant 's Causeway was named the fourth greatest natural wonder in the United Kingdom . The tops of the columns form stepping stones that lead from the cliff foot and disappear under the sea . Most of the columns are hexagonal , although there are also some with four , five , seven or eight sides . The tallest are about 12 metres ( 39 ft ) high , and the solidified lava in the cliffs is 28 metres ( 92 ft ) thick in places . Much of the Giant 's Causeway and Causeway Coast World Heritage Site is owned and managed by the National Trust , and it is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Northern Ireland . Access to the Giants Causeway is free of charge : it is not necessary to go via the visitors centre , which charges a fee . The remainder of the site is owned by the Crown Estate and several private landowners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hunters_Quay", "text": "Hunters Quay ; ( Scottish Gaelic : Camas Rainich ) is a village , on the Cowal peninsula in Argyll and Bute , Scottish Highlands . Situated between Kirn to the south and Ardnadam to the north , Hunters Quay is the main base of Western Ferries ( Clyde ) LTD , operating between Hunters Quay and McInroy 's Point . It is home to the Royal Marine Hotel , which is over one hundred years old ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Håkan_Syrén", "text": "General Håkan Erik Gunnar Syrén ( born 31 January 1952 ) is a retired officer of the Swedish Coastal Artillery/Swedish Amphibious Corps and former chairman of the European Union Military Committee . He was the Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1 January 2004 to 25 March 2009 , and was the first Supreme Commander to come from the Navy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenyanthropus_platyops", "text": "Kenyanthropus platyops is a 3.5 to 3.2-million-year-old ( Pliocene ) hominin fossil discovered in Lake Turkana , Kenya in 1999 by Justus Erus , who was part of Meave Leakey 's team . Leakey ( 2001 ) proposes that the fossil represents an entirely new hominin species and genus , while others classify it as a species of Australopithecus , Australopithecus platyops , others as a species of Homo , Homo platyops , and yet others interpret it as an individual of Australopithecus afarensis . Archaeological discoveries in Lomekwi in 2015 , identifying possibly the oldest known evidence of hominin use of tools to date , have indicated that Kenyanthropus platyops may have been the earliest tool-users known ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edoardo_Bosio", "text": "Edoardo Bosio ( Italian pronunciation : [ edoˈardo ˈbɔːzjo ] ; 9 November 1864 - 31 July 1927 ) was an Italian footballing innovator from Turin . He is a prime figure in the history of Italian football as evidence exists to show that he founded the earliest football club in the country ; Torino Football and Cricket Club . He was also a clever rower of the Armida Rowing Club in Turin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Tulsa", "text": "The University of Tulsa ( TU ) is a private research university in Tulsa , Oklahoma , United States . TU has an historic affiliation with the Presbyterian Church and the campus architectural style is predominantly Collegiate Gothic . The University of Tulsa manages the Gilcrease Museum , which includes one of the largest collections of American Western art and indigenous American artifacts in the world . In 2016 , Tulsa acquired The Bob Dylan Archive and is developing a museum nearby in downtown Tulsa to display pieces from this collection . TU also hosts the Tulsa Studies in Women 's Literature , founded by former TU professor and noted feminist critic Germaine Greer ( now at the University of Cambridge ) . TU 's athletic teams are collectively known as the Tulsa Golden Hurricane and compete in Division I of the NCAA as members of the American Athletic Conference ( The American ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCDT", "text": "Idaho Public Television ( also known as IdahoPTV and Idaho Public TV ) is a Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member network serving the U.S. state of Idaho . Consisting of five television stations , it is operated and funded by the Idaho State Board of Education , an agency of the Idaho state government that holds the licenses to all PBS member stations in the state . The network is headquartered in Boise , with satellite studios at the University of Idaho in Moscow and Idaho State University in Pocatello . Funding for Idaho Public Television comes from three major sources . 65% of funding comes from private contributions and an annual grant from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting . 31% is provided by the State of Idaho . 4% is provided by the Federal Government ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FL_Fart", "text": "Fotballaget Fart is a Norwegian football club based in Vang outside Hamar . The club is most noted for their women 's team which played in Toppserien in 2008 and 2012 . Their home matches are played at Fartbana . Norway international footballers Thorstein Helstad and Kristin Bekkevold started their careers at Fart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Heijō-kyō", "text": "Heijō-kyō ( 平城京 , also Heizei-kyō , sometimes Nara no miyako ) , was the Capital of Japan during most of the Nara period , from 710-40 and again from 745-84 . The imperial palace is a listed UNESCO World Heritage together with other places in the city of Nara ( cf . Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara ) . Empress Genmei ordered the Imperial capital moved from Fujiwara-kyō to Heijō-kyō in 708 , and the move to Heijō-kyō was complete in 710 . Heijō-kyō was modeled after Chang'an , the capital of Tang-dynasty China , although Heijō-kyō lacked walls . In the city , merchants and traders from China , Korea and India introduced various foreign cultures to Heijō-kyō through the Silk Road . As a result , Heijō-kyō flourished as Japan 's first international and political capital , with a peak population of approximately 100,000 . The overall form of the city was an irregular rectangle , and the area of city is more than 25 km2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chi_Lăng_Stadium", "text": "Chi Lăng Stadium ( Vietnamese : Sân vận động Chi Lăng ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Đà Nẵng , Vietnam . Built on the banks of the Hàn River in 1954 , the stadium played host to a number of memorable games , most notably , Vietnam U16 overcoming their fiercest rivals China U16 , 3-2 in the 2000 AFC U-17 Championship , featuring goals from future star Phạm Văn Quyến"}
{"title": "/wiki/Chew-Powell_House", "text": "The Chew-Powell House is a historic building in the Blenheim section of Gloucester Township , Camden County , New Jersey , United States . It was built in 1688 by James Whitall . The Chew-Powell-Wallens Burying Ground , next to the house , is considered to be the oldest cemetery in the township , and it reportedly contains the remains of early settlers , soldiers of the Revolutionary and Civil Wars and Leni Lenape Native Americans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chemical_reaction", "text": "A chemical reaction is a process that leads to the chemical transformation of one set of chemical substances to another . Classically , chemical reactions encompass changes that only involve the positions of electrons in the forming and breaking of chemical bonds between atoms , with no change to the nuclei ( no change to the elements present ) , and can often be described by a chemical equation . Nuclear chemistry is a sub-discipline of chemistry that involves the chemical reactions of unstable and radioactive elements where both electronic and nuclear changes can occur . The substance ( or substances ) initially involved in a chemical reaction are called reactants or reagents . Chemical reactions are usually characterized by a chemical change , and they yield one or more products , which usually have properties different from the reactants . Reactions often consist of a sequence of individual sub-steps , the so-called elementary reactions , and the information on the precise course of action is part of the reaction mechanism . Chemical reactions are described with chemical equations , which symbolically present the starting materials , end products , and sometimes intermediate products and reaction conditions . Chemical reactions happen at a characteristic reaction rate at a given temperature and chemical concentration . Typically , reaction rates increase with increasing temperature because there is more thermal energy available to reach the activation energy necessary for breaking bonds between atoms . Reactions may proceed in the forward or reverse direction until they go to completion or reach equilibrium . Reactions that proceed in the forward direction to approach equilibrium are often described as spontaneous , requiring no input of free energy to go forward . Non-spontaneous reactions require input of free energy to go forward ( examples include charging a battery by applying an external electrical power source , or photosynthesis driven by absorption of electromagnetic radiation in the form of sunlight ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jamie_Shanahan", "text": "James Shanahan ( born 6 December 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_Day_of_My_Life_(The_Rasmus_song)", "text": "First Day of My Life is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus , originally released on the band 's fifth album Dead Letters on 21 March 2003 . It became one of numerous hit singles from the album , with the highest position being No . 4 in Finland . The single was released on 15 October 2003 by the record label Playground Music . The single ( which was the third from Dead Letters ) features the music video of the song . UK edition also includes Guilty ( live ) and the b-side Since You 've Been Gone ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Broad_Band_X-ray_Telescope", "text": "The Broad Band X-ray Telescope ( BBXRT ) was flown on the Space Shuttle Columbia ( STS-35 ) on 1990 December 2-December 11 , as part of the ASTRO-1 payload . The flight of BBXRT marked the first opportunity for performing X-ray observations over a broad energy range ( 0.3-12 keV ) with a moderate energy resolution ( typically 90 eV and 150 eV at 1 and 6 keV , respectively ) . BBXRT was co-mounted with three ultraviolet telescopes HUT , WUPPE , and HIT for Astro-1 in 1990 . This was , .the first focusing X-ray telescope operating over a broad energy range 0.3-12 keV with a moderate energy resolution ( 90 eV at 1 keV and 150eV at 6 keV ) . according to NASA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bayer_04_Leverkusen", "text": "Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH , also known as Bayer 04 Leverkusen [ ˌbaɪ̯ɐ ˈleːvɐˌkuːzn̩ ] , Bayer Leverkusen , Leverkusen or simply Bayer , is a German football club based in Leverkusen , North Rhine-Westphalia . The club plays in the Bundesliga , the top tier of German football , and hosts matches at the BayArena . The club was founded in 1904 by employees of the German pharmaceutical company Bayer , whose headquarters are in Leverkusen and from which the club draws its name . It was formerly the best-known department of TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen , a sports club whose members also participate in athletics , gymnastics , basketball and other sports including the RTHC Bayer Leverkusen ( rowing , tennis and hockey ) . In 1999 the football department was separated from the sports club and is now a separate entity formally called Bayer 04 Leverkusen GmbH . The club 's main colours are red and black , both having been used as the main shirt colour and with red and black stripes also having been used as home colours . Bayer Leverkusen have won one DFB-Pokal and one UEFA Cup . Their local rivals are 1 . FC Köln ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kaaba", "text": "The Kaaba ( Arabic : كَعْبَة kaʿbah IPA : [ kaʕ.ba ] , Cube ) , also referred to as al-Kaʿbah al-Musharrafah ( Arabic : ٱلْكَعْبَة ٱلْمُشَرَّفَة , lit . 'Holy Ka'bah ' ) , also spelled Ka'bah , is a building at the center of Islam 's most important mosque , Great Mosque of Mecca ( Arabic : ٱلْمَسْجِد ٱلْحَرَام , lit . 'The Sacred Mosque ' ) , in the Hejazi city of Mecca , Saudi Arabia . It is the most sacred site in Islam . It is considered by Muslims to be the Bayt Allāh ( Arabic : بَيْت ٱللَّٰه , House of God ) , and has a similar role to the Tabernacle and Holy of Holies in Judaism . Its location determines the qiblah ( Arabic : قِبْلَة , direction of prayer ) . Wherever they are in the world , Muslims are expected to face the Kaaba when performing Salah , the Islamic prayer . One of the Five Pillars of Islam requires every Muslim who is able to do so to perform the Hajj ( Arabic : حَجّ , Pilgrimage ) at least once in their lifetime . Multiple parts of the hajj require pilgrims to make Tawaf ( Arabic : طَوَاف , Circumambulation ) seven times counter-clockwise around the Kaaba , the first three times fast , at the edge of the courtyard , and the last four times slowly , nearer the Kaaba . Tawaf is also performed by pilgrims during the ʿUmrah ( Arabic : عُمْرَة , Lesser Pilgrimage ) . However , the most significant time is during the hajj , when millions of pilgrims gather to circle the building during a 5-day period . In 2017 , the number of pilgrims coming from outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to perform hajj was officially reported as 1,752,014 and 600,108 Saudi Arabian residents bringing the total number of pilgrims to 2,352,122 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Selah,_Washington", "text": "Selah is a city in Yakima County , Washington , United States . The population was 7,147 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WebStorm", "text": "JetBrains s.r.o . ( formerly IntelliJ Software s.r.o . ) is a software development company whose tools are targeted towards software developers and project managers . As of 2019 [ update ] , the company has over 990 employees in its offices in Prague , Saint Petersburg , Moscow , Munich , Boston , Novosibirsk , Amsterdam , Foster City and Marlton , New Jersey . The company offers an extended family of integrated development environments ( IDE ) for the programming languages Java , Kotlin , Ruby , Python , PHP , C , Objective-C , C++ , C # , Go , JavaScript and SQL . The company entered a new area in 2011 when it introduced Kotlin , a programming language that runs in a Java virtual machine ( JVM ) . InfoWorld magazine awarded the firm Technology of the Year Award in 2011 and 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Type_site", "text": "In archaeology a type site ( also known as a type-site or typesite ) is a site that is considered the model of a particular archaeological culture . For example , the type site of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A culture is Jericho , in the West Bank . A type site is also often the eponym ( the site after which the culture is named ) . For example , the type site of the pre-Celtic/Celtic Bronze Age Hallstatt culture is the lakeside village of Hallstatt , Austria . In geology the term is used similarly for a site considered to be typical of a particular rock formation etc . A type site contains artifacts , in an assemblage , that are typical of that culture . Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent . The use of this term is therefore similar to that of the specimen type in biology ( see biological types ) or locus typicus ( type locality ) in geology ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estrella_María_Benzo_Blas", "text": "Estrella María Benzo Blas , also known as Estrella , is a Spanish singer born in Seville ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Intercollegiate_Athletic_Association", "text": "The Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( CIAA ) is a collegiate athletic conference , mostly consisting of historically black colleges and universities . CIAA institutions are affiliated at the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Conference members are primarily located in North Carolina ( eight ) and Virginia ( two ) . There is one school in Maryland , Pennsylvania and South Carolina respectively . Because a majority of the members are in North Carolina , the CIAA moved its headquarters to Charlotte , North Carolina from Hampton , Virginia in August 2015 . The CIAA sponsors 16 annual championships and is divided into Northern and Southern divisions for some sports . The most notable CIAA sponsored championship is the CIAA Basketball Tournament held annually in Charlotte , North Carolina which has become one of the largest college basketball events in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fleet_Fort", "text": "The Fleet Model 60K Fort was the only aircraft designed and built by Canadians during the Second World War and was also the first all-metal monoplane built by Fleet Aircraft of Canada ( Fort Erie ) . It was intended to be an intermediate trainer employed for pilot training between the de Havilland Tiger Moth primary trainer and the North American Harvard advanced trainer . Although it served with the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan , the Fort was redundant and was used to train wireless ( radio ) operators and had a relatively short operational career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCJZ", "text": "KCJZ ( 105.3 FM , Bob FM ) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Cambria , California and serves the San Luis Obispo County area . The station is owned by Adelman Broadcasting and airs a variety hits format ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albacete", "text": "Albacete ( /ˌælbəˈseɪti/ , also US : /ˌɑːlbɑːˈseɪteɪ/ , Spanish : [ alβaˈθete ] ; Arabic : ﭐَلبَسِيط , romanized : Al-Basīṭ ) is a city and municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha , and capital of the province of Albacete . It is in the south-east of the Iberian Peninsula , in the region known as the Meseta Central within the historic region of La Mancha , in the smaller historic region of La Mancha de Montearagón ; the area around the city is known as Los Llanos . With a population of 173,050 ( 2018 ) in the municipality proper , and 219,121 in the larger metropolitan area , it is the largest city in both the province and the region of Castilla-La Mancha , and indeed one of the largest of inland Spain , being included in the 20 largest urban areas in Spain . The municipality of Albacete is also the seventh largest in Spain by area , being 1,125.91 km2 ( 434.72 sq mi ) . Albacete is the economic and judicial capital of Castilla-La Mancha , being home to the regional High Court of Justice . The writer , novelist , essayist and literary critic Azorin described the city of Albacete in a poem as The New York of La Mancha . The origins of the city are uncertain , with the earliest proof of settlement dating to the time of Al-Andalus , when the settlement was originally named البسيط ( Al-Basīṭ ) , meaning The Flat in Arabic , referring to the flat land around . The city increased in prominence in the early 20th century during the Spanish Civil War due its strategic importance as national headquarters of the International Brigades . In the past Albacete was famous for its clasp knives , made more famous after a mention in the Garcia Lorca poem Reyerta published in Romancero Gitano in the thirties . At present , Albacete is a modern capital with large areas for pedestrians and green areas . Further its flat area and the elimination of architectural barriers have also led it to be one of the most accessible cities across the country , with better quality of life and one of the safest . The entertainment is one of the hallmarks of the capital of Albacete , with large areas of party as La Zona , El Campus or Los Titis hosting thousands of albaceteños and visitors throughout the year , highlighting their hectic and very active day and night life by enjoying famous throughout Spain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Caracas", "text": "Caracas ( /kəˈrækəs , -ˈrɑːk-/ , Spanish : [ kaˈɾakas ] ) , officially Santiago de León de Caracas , abbreviated as CCS , is the capital and largest city of Venezuela , and the centre of the Metropolitan Region of Caracas ( or Greater Caracas ) . Caracas is located along the Guaire River in the northern part of the country , following the contours of the narrow Caracas Valley on the Venezuelan coastal mountain range ( Cordillera de la Costa ) . Terrain suitable for building lies between 760 and 1,140 m ( 2,490 and 3,740 ft ) above sea level , although there is some settlement above this range . The valley is close to the Caribbean Sea , separated from the coast by a steep 2,200-metre-high ( 7,200 ft ) mountain range , Cerro El Ávila ; to the south there are more hills and mountains . The Metropolitan Region of Caracas has an estimated population of almost 3 million inhabitants . It is the seventh largest metropolitan area in terms of population in Latin America . Strictly speaking , the centre of the city is still Catedral , located near Bolívar Square , even though it is assumed that it is Plaza Venezuela , located in the Los Caobos neighbourhood . Chacaíto area , Luis Brión Square and El Rosal neighborhood are also considered the geographic center of the Metropolitan Region of Caracas . Businesses in the city include service companies , banks , and malls . Caracas has a largely service-based economy , apart from some industrial activity in its metropolitan area . The Caracas Stock Exchange and Petróleos de Venezuela ( PDVSA ) are headquartered in Caracas . PDVSA is the largest company in Venezuela ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hall_of_fame", "text": "A hall , wall , or walk of fame is a list of individuals , achievements , or animals , usually chosen by a group of electors , to mark their fame in their field . In some cases , these halls of fame consist of actual halls or museums that enshrine the honorees with sculptures , plaques , and displays of memorabilia and general information regarding the inducted recipients . Sometimes , the honorees ' plaques may instead be posted on a wall ( hence a wall of fame ) or inscribed on a sidewalk ( as in a walk of fame , walk of stars , or avenue of fame ) . In other cases , the hall of fame is more figurative and consists of a list of names of noteworthy people and their achievements and contributions . The lists are maintained by an organization or community , and may be national , state , local , or private ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Toll", "text": "Richard Toll is a town in northern Senegal , lying on the south bank of the River Senegal , just east of Rosso . Originally a colonial town , it was named for the park of the Chateau de Baron Roger , laid out by botanist Jean Michel Claude Richard . A rice growing scheme was originally initiated by France 's colonial development organisation , FIDES , in 1949 with an initial cultivated area of 6,000 hectares ( 14,830 acres ) . The town 's main industry is sugar . Estimated population 2007 : 70,000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/99942_Apophis", "text": "99942 Apophis ( /əˈpɒfɪs/ , previously known by its provisional designation 2004 MN4 ) is a near-Earth asteroid with a diameter of 370 metres that caused a brief period of concern in December 2004 because initial observations indicated a probability of up to 2.7% that it would hit Earth on April 13 , 2029 . Additional observations provided improved predictions that eliminated the possibility of an impact on Earth or the Moon in 2029 . However , until 2006 , a possibility remained that during the 2029 close encounter with Earth , Apophis would pass through a gravitational keyhole , a small region no more than about 800 metres ( 1⁄2 mi ) in diameter , that would set up a future impact exactly seven years later on April 13 , 2036 . This possibility kept it at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 , when the probability that Apophis would pass through the keyhole was determined to be very small and Apophis 's rating on the Torino scale was lowered to zero . By 2008 , the keyhole had been determined to be less than 1 km wide . During the short time when it had been of greatest concern , Apophis set the record for highest rating on the Torino scale , reaching level 4 on December 27 , 2004 . As of 2014 , the diameter of Apophis is estimated to be approximately 370 metres ( 1,210 ft ) . Preliminary observations by Goldstone radar in January 2013 effectively ruled out the possibility of an Earth impact by Apophis in 2036 . By May 6 , 2013 ( April 15 , 2013 observation arc ) , the probability of an impact on April 13 , 2036 had been eliminated . Using observations through February 26 , 2014 , the odds of an impact on April 12 , 2068 , as calculated by the JPL Sentry risk table are 1 in 150,000 . As of October 2019 [ update ] , there were two asteroids with a more notable cumulative Palermo Technical Impact Hazard Scale than Apophis , though none of them have a Torino level greater than 0 . On average , one asteroid the size of Apophis ( 370 metres ) can be expected to impact Earth once in about 80,000 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ruben_Nembhard", "text": "Ruben R. Nembhard ( born ( 1972-02-20 ) February 20 , 1972 ) is an American professional basketball player , formerly in the NBA . A 6 ' 3 ( 1.90 m ) , 208 lb ( 94 kg ) guard , he is currently playing in the Venezuelan LPB for Gaiteros del Zulia . Born in The Bronx , New York , Nembhard attended Weber State University and Paris Junior College , and had a brief career in the NBA , playing for the Portland Trail Blazers and the Utah Jazz . During 1997-98 season he played with Iraklis Thessaloniki B.C . having 18.2 points average . He also played 12 games for the Townsville Crocodiles of the Australian NBL in 2003-04 . Father to Ruben RJ Nembhard and Jayden Nembhard . Married to Terri Beauchamp-Nembhard of San Diego ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paama", "text": "Paama ( Paama language : Voum ) is a small island in the Malampa Province , Vanuatu . The island is about 8 km from north to south and only 5 km or so at its widest point . The island is dominated by hills , rising to a height of around 550 m in the north . Paama lies a short distance south of Ambrym , a little further east of Malakula , about 7 km west of the large active volcano Lopevi ( Ulvae , in the vernacular ( see Crowley 1982 ) , and a short distance north of the island of Epi . During daylight , all of Paama 's neighbouring islands are clearly visible from various locations on the island . Indeed , on a clear night the red glow of Ambrym 's twin volcanos can be seen clearly from the black sand beach at Liro . The now uninhabited island of Lopevi dominates the view east from the village of Lulep , on the northeast coast of the island . This active volcano is reasonably regular , erupting every two years or so , causing quite serious problems for those living in the villages of Lulep and Luli in the northeast of the island . The acidic volcanic ash falls onto gardens , ruining crops , and onto the natangura thatched roofs , rotting it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lancaster_University", "text": "Lancaster University ( legally the University of Lancaster ) is a collegiate public research university in Lancaster , Lancashire , England . The university was established by royal charter in 1964 , one of several new universities created in the 1960s . The university was initially based in St Leonard 's Gate in the city centre , before moving in 1968 to a purpose-built 300 acres ( 120 ha ) campus at Bailrigg , 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) to the south . The campus buildings are arranged around a central walkway known as the Spine , which is connected to a central plaza , named Alexandra Square in honour of its first chancellor , Princess Alexandra . Lancaster is one of only six collegiate universities in the UK ; the colleges are weakly autonomous . The eight undergraduate colleges are named after places in the historic county of Lancashire , and each have their own campus residence blocks , common rooms , administration staff , and bars . Lancaster is ranked in the top ten in all three national league tables , and received a Gold rating in the Government 's inaugural ( 2017 ) Teaching Excellence Framework . In 2018 it was awarded University of the Year by The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide , and achieved its highest ever national ranking of 6th place within the guide 's national table . The annual income of the institution for 2016-17 was £267.0 million of which £37.7 million was from research grants and contracts , with an expenditure of £268.7 million . Along with the universities of Durham , Leeds , Liverpool , Manchester , Newcastle , Sheffield and York , Lancaster is a member of the N8 Group of research universities . Elizabeth II , Duke of Lancaster , is the visitor of the University . The current chancellor is Alan Milburn , since 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Justice_League_Unlimited", "text": "Justice League Unlimited ( JLU ) is an American animated television series that was produced by Warner Bros . Animation and aired on Cartoon Network . Featuring a wide array of superheroes from the DC Comics universe , and specifically based on the Justice League superhero team , it is a direct sequel to the previous Justice League animated series . JLU debuted on July 31 , 2004 , on Toonami and ended on May 13 , 2006 . It was also the final series set in the long-running DC animated universe , which started with Batman : The Animated Series in 1992 . Boomerang reran the series from June 3 , 2007 , to March 26 , 2010 , as part of Boomeraction . On August 25 , 2012 , The CW 's Vortexx Saturday morning block began airing reruns of this series , lasting until August 23 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting_at_the_1996_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_50_metre_rifle_prone", "text": "Men 's 50 metre rifle prone ( then known as free rifle ) was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics . Christian Klees shot a perfect 600 in the qualification round and set a new World record after 104.8 points ( of maximum 109.0 ) in the final . With an even better final round , Sergey Belyayev surpassed Jozef Gönci to win the silver medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Giulio_Cesare", "text": "Giulio Cesare in Egitto ( pronounced [ ˈdʒuːljo ˈtʃeːzare in eˈdʒitto , - ˈtʃɛː- ] ; Italian for Julius Caesar in Egypt , HWV 17 ) , commonly known as Giulio Cesare , is a dramma per musica ( opera seria ) in three acts composed for the Royal Academy of Music by George Frideric Handel in 1724 . The libretto was written by Nicola Francesco Haym who used an earlier libretto by Giacomo Francesco Bussani , which had been set to music by Antonio Sartorio ( 1676 ) . The opera was a success at its first performances , was frequently revived by Handel in his subsequent opera seasons and is now one of the most often performed Baroque operas . The opera 's plot is loosely based on historic events during the Roman Civil War of 49-45 BC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur_FA", "text": "Kuala Lumpur Football Association is a football association who supervising the football activities in the Federal Territory of Malaysia of Kuala Lumpur . Kuala Lumpur Football Association was formed in 1975 to oversee footballing in Kuala Lumpur . The association was founded by K. Rasalingam and Goh Ah Chai as the Federal Territory Football Association in 1975 and entered Malaysian football competitions in 1979 before being renamed Kuala Lumpur Football Association in 1986 . Kuala Lumpur had its most successful period in the late 1980s after being crowned the league champions twice in 1986 and 1988 . They also won the Malaysia Cup for three consecutive years in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 . The team enjoyed considerable success in cup competitions in the 1990s , winning the Malaysian FA Cup in 1993 , 1994 and 1999 . Kuala Lumpur won the Malaysian Charity Shield , also known as the Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Cup on three occasions , in 1988 , 1995 and 2000 . Following its founding , a fierce rivalry developed between Kuala Lumpur and Selangor mainly due to their geographical location . The battle between these two teams is often referred to as the Klang Valley Derby which was renewed in the 2010 season after KL ended a seven-year spell in the second-tier with promotion to the Malaysia Super League . KL were relegated to the second-tier Malaysia Premier League in 2012 and the following year , in 2013 , Kuala Lumpur were relegated to the third-tier Malaysia FAM League for the first time in its history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Tucson_(CL-98)", "text": "USS Tucson ( CL-98 ) was a modified Atlanta-class light cruiser , sometimes referred to as an Oakland-class . She was laid down on 23 December 1942 in San Francisco , California by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation ; launched on 3 September 1944 ; sponsored by Mrs. Emmett S. Claunch , Sr. ; and commissioned on 3 February 1945 , Captain Arthur D. Ayrault in command . She was named after Tucson , Arizona ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bundaberg_Region", "text": "The Bundaberg Region is a local government area in the Wide Bay-Burnett region of Queensland , Australia , about 360 kilometres ( 220 mi ) north of Brisbane , the state capital . It is centred on the city of Bundaberg , and also contains a significant rural area surrounding the city . It was created in 2008 from a merger of the City of Bundaberg with the Shires of Burnett , Isis and Kolan . The Bundaberg Regional Council , which administers the Region , has an estimated operating budget of A $ 89 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jason_Dungjen", "text": "Jason Dungjen ( born September 28 , 1967 ) is an American figure skating coach and a former pair skater . With Kyoko Ina , he is a two-time Skate America silver medalist , a three-time Nations Cup medalist , and a two-time U.S. national champion . With Susan Dungjen , he is the 1983 NHK Trophy silver medalist and 1984 World Junior silver medalist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Rasmus_(album)", "text": "The Rasmus is the self-titled , eighth studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus , which was released in Finland on 18 April 2012 . The album received two EMMA ( Finnish Grammy ) awards for Best Album Cover & Best Music Video ( Im a Mess ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Park_Tower", "text": "Central Park Tower , also known as the Nordstrom Tower , is a mixed-use supertall skyscraper being developed by Extell Development Company and Shanghai Municipal Investment Group along Billionaires ' Row on 57th Street in Midtown Manhattan , New York City . Designed by Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture , the building rises 1,550 feet ( 472 m ) and is the second-tallest skyscraper in the United States and the Western Hemisphere , the 15th tallest building in the world , the tallest residential building in the world ( the much taller Burj Khalifa in Dubai has 900 residential units , but is mixed-use ) , and the tallest building outside Asia by roof height . The site of the Central Park Tower was formerly occupied by two buildings at 225 West 57th Street and 1780 Broadway , which were demolished in 2011-2012 . In mid-2012 , Nordstrom committed to opening their first store within the base of the tower . A proposed cantilever above the Art Students League of New York 's building at 215 West 57th Street , intended to maximize views of nearby Central Park , resulted in several lawsuits , but was later allowed because construction had already started . Despite uncertainty about the final design and complications relating to the tower 's financing , excavations at the site started in May 2014 . Actual construction started in February 2015 , with the building topping out in September 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bald_Knob,_Arkansas", "text": "Bald Knob is a city in White County , Arkansas , United States . The population was 2,897 at the 2010 census . Located at the intersection of two of the state 's natural regions , Bald Knob is often promoted as where the Ozarks meet the Delta . Bald Knob is also a leading strawberry producer in the state , known for its yearly Strawberry Fest held during Mother 's Day weekend . It was once known as the leading strawberry producer in the world . Bald Knob was established in 1881 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kevin_Spacey", "text": "Kevin Spacey Fowler KBE ( born July 26 , 1959 ) is an American actor , producer , and singer . Spacey began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s , obtaining supporting roles in film and television . He gained critical acclaim in the 1990s that culminated in his first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the neo-noir crime thriller The Usual Suspects ( 1995 ) and an Academy Award for Best Actor for the midlife crisis-themed drama American Beauty ( 1999 ) . Spacey 's other starring roles have included the comedy-drama film Swimming with Sharks ( 1994 ) , the psychological thriller Seven ( 1995 ) , the neo-noir crime film L.A . Confidential ( 1997 ) , the drama Pay It Forward ( 2000 ) , the science fiction-mystery film K-PAX ( 2001 ) , the musical biopic Beyond the Sea ( 2004 ) , the superhero film Superman Returns ( 2006 ) , and the action film Baby Driver ( 2017 ) . In Broadway theatre , Spacey won a Tony Award in 1991 for his role in Lost in Yonkers . In 2017 , he hosted the 71st Tony Awards . He was the artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London from 2004 until stepping down in mid-2015 . From 2013 to 2017 , he played Frank Underwood in the Netflix political drama series House of Cards , which won him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Television Series Drama and two consecutive Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series . In October 2017 , actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of making a sexual advance toward him in 1986 , when Rapp was 14 . Numerous other men subsequently came forward alleging that Spacey had sexually harassed or assaulted them . In December 2018 , Spacey was charged with indecent assault and battery in relation to an accusation by anchorwoman Heather Unruh that he sexually assaulted her 18-year-old son , but by July 2019 , the criminal charge had been dropped ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hot_adult_contemporary", "text": "In North American music , adult contemporary music ( AC ) is a form of radio-played popular music , ranging from 1960s vocal and 1970s soft rock music to predominantly ballad-heavy music of the present day , with varying degrees of easy listening , pop , soul , rhythm and blues , quiet storm , and rock influence . Adult contemporary is generally a continuation of the easy listening and soft rock style that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s with some adjustments that reflect the evolution of pop/rock music . Adult contemporary tends to have lush , soothing and highly polished qualities where emphasis on melody and harmonies is accentuated . It is usually melodic enough to get a listener 's attention , and is inoffensive and pleasurable enough to work well as background music . Like most of pop music , its songs tend to be written in a basic format employing a verse-chorus structure . The format is heavy on romantic sentimental ballads which mostly use acoustic instruments ( though bass guitar is usually used ) such as acoustic guitars , pianos , saxophones , and sometimes an orchestral set . The electric guitars are normally faint and high-pitched . However , recent adult contemporary music may feature synthesizers ( and other electronics , such as drum machines ) . An AC radio station may play mainstream music , but it excludes hip hop , dance tracks , hard rock , and some forms of teen pop , as these are less popular among adults , the target demographic . AC radio often targets the 25-44 age group , the demographic that has received the most attention from advertisers since the 1960s . A common practice in recent years of adult contemporary stations is to play less newer music and more hits of the past . This de-emphasis on new songs slows the progression of the AC chart ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Murder_of_Tia_Sharp", "text": "The murder of Tia Sharp ( 30 June 2000 - 2-3 August 2012 ) was a high-profile case of child murder in the United Kingdom . The victim was a 12-year-old girl , Tia Sharp , who was reported missing from and later found dead in the home of her grandmother in New Addington , London , in August 2012 . After her body was discovered , police arrested her grandmother , Christine Bicknell , and Christine 's then-boyfriend , Stuart Hazell on suspicion of murder . Hazell was charged with Tia Sharp 's murder on 12 August . Five days into his trial at the Old Bailey in May 2013 , Hazell changed his plea from not guilty to guilty . He was sentenced to life imprisonment with the judge setting a minimum term of 38 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/White_Mountains_(New_Hampshire)", "text": "The White Mountains are a mountain range covering about a quarter of the state of New Hampshire and a small portion of western Maine in the United States . They are part of the northern Appalachian Mountains and the most rugged mountains in New England . The range is heavily visited due to its proximity to Boston and , to a lesser extent , New York City and Montreal , Quebec , Canada . Most of the area is public land , including the White Mountain National Forest and a number of state parks . Its most famous mountain is 6,288-foot ( 1,917 m ) Mount Washington , which is the highest peak in the Northeastern U.S. and for 76 years held the record for fastest surface wind gust in the world ( 231 miles per hour ( 372 km/h ) in 1934 ) . Mount Washington is part of a line of summits , the Presidential Range , that are named after U.S. presidents and other prominent Americans . The White Mountains also include the Franconia Range , Sandwich Range , Carter-Moriah Range and Kinsman Range in New Hampshire , and the Mahoosuc Range straddling the border between it and Maine . In all , there are 48 peaks within New Hampshire as well as one ( Old Speck Mountain ) in Maine over 4,000 feet ( 1,200 m ) , known as the four-thousand footers . The Whites are known for a system of alpine huts for hikers operated by the Appalachian Mountain Club . The Appalachian Trail crosses the area from southwest to northeast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indiana", "text": "Indiana /ˌɪndiˈænə/ ( listen ) is a U.S. state in the Midwestern and Great Lakes regions of North America . Indiana is the 38th-largest by area and the 17th-most populous of the 50 United States . Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis . Indiana was admitted to the United States as the 19th U.S. state on December 11 , 1816 . Indiana borders Lake Michigan to the northwest , Michigan to the north , Ohio to the east , Kentucky to the south and southeast , and Illinois to the west . Before becoming a territory , various indigenous peoples and Native Americans inhabited Indiana for thousands of years . Since its founding as a territory , settlement patterns in Indiana have reflected regional cultural segmentation present in the Eastern United States ; the state 's northernmost tier was settled primarily by people from New England and New York , Central Indiana by migrants from the Mid-Atlantic states and from adjacent Ohio , and Southern Indiana by settlers from the Southern states , particularly Kentucky and Tennessee . Indiana has a diverse economy with a gross state product of $ 359.12 billion in 2017 . Indiana has several metropolitan areas with populations greater than 100,000 and a number of smaller industrial cities and towns . Indiana is home to professional sports teams , including the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts and the NBA 's Indiana Pacers , and hosts several notable athletic events , including the Indianapolis 500 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Army", "text": "The United States Army ( USA ) is the land warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces . It is one of the eight U.S. uniformed services , and is designated as the Army of the United States in the U.S. Constitution . As the oldest and most senior branch of the U.S. military in order of precedence , the modern U.S. Army has its roots in the Continental Army , which was formed ( 14 June 1775 ) to fight the American Revolutionary War ( 1775-1783 ) - before the United States of America was established as a country . After the Revolutionary War , the Congress of the Confederation created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 to replace the disbanded Continental Army . The United States Army considers itself descended from the Continental Army , and considers its institutional inception to be the origin of that armed force in 1775 . As a uniformed military service , the U.S. Army is part of the Department of the Army , which is one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense . The U.S. Army is headed by a civilian senior appointed civil servant , the secretary of the Army ( SECARMY ) and by a chief military officer , the chief of staff of the Army ( CSA ) who is also a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . It is the largest military branch , and in the fiscal year 2017 , the projected end strength for the Regular Army ( USA ) was 476,000 soldiers ; the Army National Guard ( ARNG ) had 343,000 soldiers and the U.S. Army Reserve ( USAR ) had 199,000 soldiers ; the combined-component strength of the U.S. Army was 1,018,000 soldiers . As a branch of the armed forces , the mission of the U.S. Army is to fight and win our Nation 's wars , by providing prompt , sustained land dominance , across the full range of military operations and the spectrum of conflict , in support of combatant commanders . The branch participates in conflicts worldwide and is the major ground-based offensive and defensive force of the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson_Township,_Sullivan_County,_Indiana", "text": "Jackson Township is one of nine townships in Sullivan County , Indiana , United States . As of the 2010 census , its population was 1,904 and it contained 843 housing units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claudia_Hürtgen", "text": "Claudia Hürtgen ( born 10 September 1971 in Aachen ) is a German race driver . Along with Ellen Lohr and Sabine Schmitz , she is one of Germany 's best known female racers . Hürtgen started her career in karting and moved to German Formula Three . In 1993 , during the F3 invitational race of the Monaco Grand Prix weekend , she suffered hand injuries in a roll-over crash , which ended her single-seater career . She began racing again with touring cars in 1995 , winning the Austrian championship , followed with sports car racing , in which she scored class wins , in an LMP-675 class car or a Porsche , in the American Le Mans Series as well as in the 24 Hours of Daytona and the 24 Hours of Le Mans . In 2000 , she returned to the site of her crash , to win the Monaco Historic Grand Prix in a Maserati . Between 2003 and 2004 , she was champion in Germany 's Deutsche Tourenwagen Challenge ( DTC ) , which was renamed DMSB-Produktionswagen-Meisterschaft ( DPM ) . In 2005 , Team Schubert and Hürtgen moved on the VLN endurance racing series on the Nürburgring Nordschleife . Hürtgen won the VLN championship in 2005 , making her the first female champion since Sabine Schmitz in 1998 . At the 2006 24 Hours Nürburgring , Hürtgen drove two cars for a total of 11 hours , scoring 5th place among 220 cars with a 245 bhp 120d ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2006–07_FIS_Snowboard_World_Cup", "text": "The 2006-07 FIS Snowboard World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for snowboarding . The season began on 13 October 2006 , and finished on 18 March 2007 . The World Cup is organized by the FIS who also run world cups and championships in cross-country skiing , ski jumping , nordic combined , alpine skiing and freestyle skiing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minardi", "text": "Minardi was an Italian automobile racing team and constructor founded in Faenza in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi . It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 with little success , nevertheless acquiring a loyal following of fans . In 2001 , to save the team from folding , Minardi sold it to Australian businessman Paul Stoddart , who ran the team for five years before selling it on to Red Bull GmbH in 2005 who renamed it Scuderia Toro Rosso . From 2001 , all of Minardi chassis are called PS then a number , the PS being the initials of team owner , Paul Stoddart . During its time in F1 , the team scored a total of 38 championship points ; 16 of these were earned by the team 's first driver , Pierluigi Martini . Martini also recorded the team 's only front row start , qualifying 2nd at the 1990 United States Grand Prix , and he led a lap during the 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix , the only time a Minardi led a lap . The team never achieved a podium finish , only managing three 4th-place finishes : Martini twice in 1991 and Christian Fittipaldi in 1993 . In the 21 seasons , Minardi entered 37 drivers . Thirteen had Italian nationality , the others came with 13 different nationalities ( discounting Doornbos racing under a Monaco license in 2005 ) . Martini started in 103 Grands Prix for the team , while Morbidelli and Gené started 33 times . Before Minardi 's demise , the team was a particularly well-liked team within Formula One circles for its friendliness , accessibility , and lack of corporate culture . On the track , their cars were regarded by many as well-designed for their tiny budget , their low position recognised as a result of a lack of funds ( and engine power ) rather than a poor car ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lara_(state)", "text": "Lara State ( Spanish : Estado Lara , IPA : [ esˈtaðo ˈlaɾa ] ) is one of the 23 states ( estados ) into which Venezuela is divided . The state capital is Barquisimeto . Lara State covers a total surface area of 19,800 km2 ( 7,600 sq mi ) and , in 2015 , had a census population of 2,019,211 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aberdeen,_Saskatchewan", "text": "A community of 622 people , Aberdeen is located 18 minutes north-east of Saskatoon , just off Highway 41 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hellingly_railway_station", "text": "Hellingly was a railway station on the now closed Polegate to Eridge line ( the Cuckoo Line ) in East Sussex . It served the village of Hellingly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Here_We_Have_Idaho", "text": "Here We Have Idaho is the official state song of Idaho . The music for the Idaho state song , composed by Sallie Hume Douglas , written by McKinley Helm and Albert J. Tompkins , was copyrighted on 4 November 1915 , under the title Garden of Paradise . In 1917 , McKinley Helm , a student at the University of Idaho , wrote the verse which became the chorus of the Idaho State song , and Alice Bessee set the words to the music by Sallie Hume Douglas . The song was popular then , and Bessee had no idea of its origin . This song won the annual university prize for that year and eventually became the university 's alma mater . Albert J. Tompkins , Director of Music in the Boise Public Schools , wrote a set of verses for the song . In 1931 , the Idaho Legislature designated Here We Have Idaho , previously known at the University of Idaho as Our Idaho , as the Idaho state song ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowling_Green_Falcons_football", "text": "The Bowling Green Falcons football team is the intercollegiate football team of Bowling Green State University . The team is a member of the NCAA , playing at the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision , formerly Division I-A , level ; BGSU football competes within the Mid-American Conference in the East Division . The Falcons have played their home games in Doyt Perry Stadium since 1966 . The stadium currently holds 24,000 spectators . In their 93-year history , the Falcons have won 12 MAC championships and a College Division national championship - as voted by the UPI in 1959 . The current head coach is Scot Loeffler ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Palm_Beach_Currumbin_Australian_Football_Club", "text": "The Palm Beach Currumbin Australian Football Club is an Australian rules football club on the Gold Coast , Queensland . The club emblem is the lion and the club plays in both Division One and Division Two of the AFL Queensland State League . Palm Beach won the 1999 premiership ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Basketball_at_the_1980_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Basketball at the 1980 Summer Olympics was the tenth appearance of the sport of basketball as an official Olympic medal event . It was held from July 20 to July 30 at the Olympiiski Indoor Stadium and at the CSKA Sports Palace , both located in Moscow . Finals of both men 's and women 's events were held 30 July at the Olympiiski Indoor Stadium . Due to the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics , the United States and other nations withdrew from the tournament . The 1980 Olympics marked the second time that the United States men 's team did not win the gold medal in Olympic basketball ; Yugoslavia won gold in the men 's tournament and the Soviet Union in the women 's competition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Angular_momentum", "text": "In physics , angular momentum ( rarely , moment of momentum or rotational momentum ) is the rotational equivalent of linear momentum . It is an important quantity in physics because it is a conserved quantity - the total angular momentum of a closed system remains constant . In three dimensions , the angular momentum for a point particle is a pseudovector r × p , the cross product of the particle 's position vector r ( relative to some origin ) and its momentum vector ; the latter is p = mv in Newtonian mechanics . This definition can be applied to each point in continua like solids or fluids , or physical fields . Unlike momentum , angular momentum does depend on where the origin is chosen , since the particle 's position is measured from it . Just like for angular velocity , there are two special types of angular momentum : the spin angular momentum and the orbital angular momentum . The spin angular momentum of an object is defined as the angular momentum about its centre of mass coordinate . The orbital angular momentum of an object about a chosen origin is defined as the angular momentum of the centre of mass about the origin . The total angular momentum of an object is the sum of the spin and orbital angular momenta . The orbital angular momentum vector of a particle is always parallel and directly proportional to the orbital angular velocity vector ω of the particle , where the constant of proportionality depends on both the mass of the particle and its distance from origin . However , the spin angular momentum of the object is proportional but not always parallel to the spin angular velocity Ω , making the constant of proportionality a second-rank tensor rather than a scalar . Angular momentum is additive ; the total angular momentum of any composite system is the ( pseudo ) vector sum of the angular momenta of its constituent parts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Vermont_Railway", "text": "The Central Vermont Railway ( reporting mark CV ) was a railroad that operated in the U.S. states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York , and Vermont , as well as the Canadian province of Quebec . It connected Montreal , Quebec , with New London , Connecticut , using a route along the shores of Lake Champlain , through the Green Mountains and along the Connecticut River valley , as well as Montreal to Boston , Massachusetts , through a connection with the Boston and Maine Railroad at White River Junction , Vermont ."}
{"title": "/wiki/União_Agrícola_Barbarense_Futebol_Clube", "text": "União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube , usually known as União Barbarense , is a Brazilian football team from Santa Bárbara d'Oeste in São Paulo , founded on November 14 , 1914 . Home stadium is the Antônio R. Guimarães stadium , capacity 15,000 . They play in white shirts , shorts and socks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/K.V.C._Westerlo", "text": "Koninklijke Voetbal Club Westerlo ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈkoːnɪŋkləkə ˈvudbɑl ˌklɵp ˈʋɛstərloː ] ; often simply called Westerlo ) is a Belgian professional football club located in the municipality of Westerlo in the province of Antwerp . Since 1997-98 , Westerlo has been mostly playing in the Belgian Pro League , save for a short stint in the Belgian Second Division between 2012 and 2014 . Their highest finish is a 6th place in 1999-00 , 2003-04 and 2008-09 . They have won one Belgian Cup . The only player who has ever been called up for the Belgium national football team while at Westerlo is Toni Brogno ( 7 caps , all of them while at Westerlo ) . The club was founded in 1933 , receiving the matricule number 2024 . Their colours are yellow and blue . They play their home matches at the Het Kuipje ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turkey", "text": "Turkey ( Turkish : Türkiye [ ˈtyɾcije ] ) , officially the Republic of Turkey ( Turkish : Türkiye Cumhuriyeti [ ˈtyɾcije dʒumˈhuːɾijeti ] ( listen ) ) , is a transcontinental country located mostly on the Anatolian peninsula in Western Asia , with a smaller portion on the Balkan peninsula in Southeastern Europe . East Thrace , the part of Turkey in Europe , is separated from Anatolia by the Sea of Marmara , the Bosporus and the Dardanelles ( collectively called the Turkish Straits ) . Istanbul , mostly located on the European side , is the largest city in the country while Ankara is the capital . Turkey is bordered by Greece and Bulgaria to its northwest , the Black Sea to its north , Georgia to its northeast , Armenia , the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan and Iran to its east , Iraq and Syria to its southeast , the Mediterranean Sea to its south , and the Aegean Sea to its west . Approximately 70 to 80 percent of the country 's citizens identify as Turkish , while Kurds are the largest minority at anywhere from 15 to 20 percent of the population . At various points in its history , the region has been inhabited by diverse civilisations including the Assyrians , Greeks , Thracians , Phrygians , Urartians , and Armenians . Hellenization started during the era of Alexander the Great and continued into the Byzantine era . The Seljuk Turks began migrating into the area in the 11th century , and their victory over the Byzantines at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071 symbolises the start and foundation of Turkey . The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243 , when it disintegrated into small principalities called beyliks . Beginning in the late 13th century , the Ottomans started uniting beyliks and conquering the Balkans . After Mehmed II conquered Constantinople in 1453 , Ottoman expansion continued under Selim I . During the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent the Ottoman Empire encompassed much of Southeast Europe , West Asia and North Africa and became a world power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turks_in_France", "text": "Turks in France or French Turks ( French : Turcs de France ; Turkish : Fransa Türkleri ) refers to the Turkish people who live in France . Most French Turks either emigrated or descend from Turkey ; however , there are also significant Turkish communities which arrived or descend from Algeria , Bulgaria , Cyprus , Tunisia , and other former Ottoman territories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Specific_volume", "text": "In thermodynamics , the specific volume of a substance is the ratio of the substance 's volume to its mass . It is the reciprocal of density and an intrinsic property of matter as well . Specific volume is defined as the number of cubic meters occupied by one kilogram of a particular substance . The standard unit is the cubic meter per kilogram ( m 3 / kg ) { \\displaystyle \\left ( { \\text { m } } ^ { 3 } / { \\text { kg } } \\right ) } ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chittod_Ki_Rani_Padmini_Ka_Johur", "text": "Chittod Ki Rani Padmini Ka Johur ( English : The Johur of the Queen Padmini of Chittod ) is an Indian historical drama television series that aired on Sony Entertainment Television , based on the life of Rani Padmini , the famous 14th-century queen of Chittod , Mewar , Rajasthan . The drama premiered on 25 May 2009 with Sony TV 's new look along with many other shows . The series is produced by National Award ( India ) winning director , Nitin Chandrakant Desai , who spent millions of rupees to create the right look for the drama ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sachem", "text": "Sachem and Sagamore refer to paramount chiefs among the Algonquians or other Native American tribes of the northeast . The two words are anglicizations of cognate terms ( c. 1622 ) from different Eastern Algonquian languages . The Sagamore was a lesser chief than the Sachem . Both of these chiefs are elected by their people . Sagamores are chosen by single bands to represent them , and the Sachem is chosen to represent a tribe or group of bands . Neither title is hereditary but each requires selection by band thus led ."}
{"title": "/wiki/54th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 54th Academy Awards were presented March 29 , 1982 , at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles . The ceremonies were presided over by Johnny Carson . Chariots of Fire was the surprise winner ( with a leading 12 nominations , Reds had been expected to win ) of the Best Picture Oscar . It was the first time in 13 years that a British film won the Academy 's top honor . The next year 's winner , Gandhi , was also a British production . Henry Fonda won his only competitive Oscar this year , as Best Actor for On Golden Pond . At 76 years of age , Fonda became the oldest winner in the Best Actor category in Academy history . The only other nomination he received in his career was Best Actor for his performance in The Grapes of Wrath 41 years earlier - a record gap between acting nominations . His co-star , Katharine Hepburn , won her fourth Best Actress award , extending her own record for the most Best Actress wins by any actress . This year 's nominations also marked the second time ( after 1967 ) that three different films were nominated for the Big Five Academy Awards : Best Picture , Director , Actor , Actress , and Screenplay . The three films were On Golden Pond , Atlantic City and Reds . However , none of them won the Best Picture prize , losing to Chariots of Fire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Khmer_People's_National_Liberation_Front", "text": "The Khmer People 's National Liberation Front ( KPNLF , Khmer : រណសិរ្សរំដោះជាតិប្រជាជនខ្មែរ ) was a political front organized in 1979 in opposition to the Vietnamese-installed People 's Republic of Kampuchea ( PRK ) regime in Cambodia . The 200,000 Vietnamese troops supporting the PRK , as well as Khmer Rouge defectors , had ousted the brutal Democratic Kampuchea regime of Pol Pot , and were initially welcomed by the majority of Cambodians as liberators . Some Khmer , though , recalled the two countries ' historical rivalry and feared that the Vietnamese would attempt to subjugate the country , and began to oppose their military presence . Members of the KPNLF supported this view ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Charles_Winthrop", "text": "Robert Charles Winthrop ( May 12 , 1809 - November 16 , 1894 ) was an American lawyer and philanthropist and one time Speaker of the United States House of Representatives . He was a descendant of John Winthrop ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018_Hong_Kong_Open_(table_tennis)", "text": "The 2018 Hong Kong Open was the fourth event of the 2018 ITTF World Tour . It was the first staging of the event , and took place from 24-27 May at the Queen Elizabeth Stadium in Hong Kong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andreas_Johansson_(footballer_born_1978)", "text": "Andreas Johansson ( born 5 July 1978 , in Vänersborg ) is a Swedish former footballer . He played as a midfielder and is a former Swedish international . He got his breakthrough with Swedish team Djurgårdens IF , winning the two Allsvenskan championships and two Swedish Cup trophies . He played for Premier League team Wigan Athletic , before joining AaB with whom he won the Danish Superliga and was named team captain . He has played 16 games for the national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wales_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Wales national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Wales and is controlled by the Football Association of Wales . The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship held every year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yarwell", "text": "Yarwell is a village on the River Nene in the extreme east of the English county of Northamptonshire near the border with Cambridgeshire . Its name is derived from 'the spring where the yarrow grows ' . [ citation needed ] At the time of the 2001 census , the parish 's population was 316 people , reducing to 294 at the 2011 Census . Yarwell has a pub called The Angel Inn , a village hall and a church . One of its two farms has been converted into a housing development and the other has applied for planning permission . Until recently there was a Methodist church in the village ; the post office closed in 1993 . The village school closed in the early 1960s and in 2003 was redeveloped into three houses . In total there are about 130 houses in Yarwell . Yarwell and Nassington Britannia band is the local brass band which rehearses in the village hall and draws its players from the surrounding area including Stamford and Oundle . The preserved Nene Valley Railway has a station at Yarwell Junction . Before closure in the 1960s , this was the junction of two lines , one from Market Harborough and the other from Northampton . It is on the Cambridgeshire side of the Nene at grid reference TL078970 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xing_Aowei", "text": "Xing Aowei ( simplified Chinese : 邢傲伟 ; traditional Chinese : 邢傲偉 ; pinyin : Xíng Àowěi ; born February 15 , 1982 in Yantai , Shandong ) is a Male Chinese gymnast . Xing was part of the Chinese team that won the gold medal in the team event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney . He was also a part of the 2004 Olympic team in Athens , but placed fifth after his mistake on floor plus two falls ( and another major mistake ) from his teammate Teng Haibin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michela_Moioli", "text": "Michela Moioli ( born 17 July 1995 ) is an Italian snowboarder . She has represented Italy at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , and at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang , winning a gold medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/East_Kalimantan", "text": "East Kalimantan ( Indonesian : Kalimantan Timur ) is a province of Indonesia . Its territory comprises the eastern portion of Borneo . It had a population of about 3.03 million at the 2010 Census ( within the current boundary ) and 3.42 million at the 2015 Census ; the latest official estimate ( as at mid 2019 ) is 3,619,700 . Its capital is Samarinda . The province will host the future capital city of Indonesia that will be built on the border of Kutai Kartanegara and North Penajam Paser regencies . While the future capital is yet to be named , its construction is projected to start in 2020 , and conclude in 2024 . East Kalimantan has a total area of 129,066.64 square kilometres ( 49,832.91 sq mi ) and is the second least densely populated province in Kalimantan . The majority of the region shares a maritime border to the east with West Sulawesi and North Sulawesi ; its Mangkalihat Peninsula separates the Makassar Strait from the Celebes Sea . Its former northernmost region was split off in October 2012 and is now North Kalimantan Province ; to its south , East Kalimantan borders the South Kalimantan province . The province bordered Sabah before the split , but still borders Sarawak . In December 2012 , the existing West Kusai Regency was split in two , with the northernmost five districts forming a new Mahakam Ulu Regency . East Kalimantan is now divided into seven regencies and three cities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pangasinan", "text": "Pangasinan ( Pangasinan : Luyag na Panggasinan ; Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Pangasinan ) is a province in the Philippines . Its provincial capital is Lingayen . Pangasinan is on the western area of the island of Luzon along the Lingayen Gulf and West Philippine Sea . It has a total land area of 5,451.01 square kilometres ( 2,104.65 sq mi ) . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 2,956,726 people . The official number of registered voters in Pangasinan is 1,651,814 . The western portion of the province is part of the homeland of the Sambal people , while the central and eastern portions are the homeland of the Pangasinan people . Due to ethnic migration , Ilocano people have settled in some areas of the province . Pangasinan is the name for the province , the people , and the language spoken in the province . Indigenous Pangasinan speakers are estimated to number at least 2 million . The Pangasinan language , which is official in the province , is one of the officially recognized regional languages in the Philippines . In Pangasinan , there were several ethnic groups who enriched the cultural fabric of the province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nathan_Kirby", "text": "Nathan Winston Kirby ( born November 23 , 1993 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Milwaukee Brewers organization . He was drafted 40th overall by the Brewers in the 2015 MLB Draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southern_Mississippi_Golden_Eagles_football", "text": "The Southern Miss Golden Eagles football program represents the University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg , Mississippi . They play college football in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision . The Eagles are members of Conference USA and play their home games at M. M. Roberts Stadium in Hattiesburg , Mississippi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeremy_Wolf", "text": "Jeremy Daniel Wolf ( born November 2 , 1993 ) is an American-Israeli baseball player on the Israel National Baseball Team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Destiny_Cable", "text": "Destiny Cable ( formerly Global Destiny Cable and stylized as DESTINY CABLE ) is a direct-to-home cable television subscription service based in Quezon City . Destiny Cable is the 2nd largest cable TV provider in the Philippines . It is owned by Sky Cable Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rod_Hughes", "text": "Rod Hughes ( born 20 June 1954 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . Hughes , a rover , was a member of the Scottsdale team which claimed the Tasmanian State Premiership in 1973 . He represented Tasmania at interstate football in 1975 and made seven appearances with St Kilda in the 1977 VFL season , when they finished last ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burry_Stander", "text": "Burry Willie Stander ( 16 September 1987 - 3 January 2013 ) was a South African mountain biker , the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup under-23 men 's cross-country 2009 world champion . In the 2008 Summer Olympics , held in Beijing , Stander finished 15th in the cross-country mountain bike race . In the 2012 Summer Olympics , held in London , Stander finished 5th in the cross-country mountain bike race . Stander paired up with Christoph Sauser in 2009 for the Absa Cape Epic . Although the team only managed 6th place that year , they then came back in 2010 to claim 2nd place . Finally in 2011 Stander and Sauser finished in 1st place , making Stander the first South African rider to win the Absa Cape Epic . In 2012 the team were victorious once again , winning the Prologue and four of the seven stages of the marathon stage race . Stander died after getting hit by a taxibus while on a training ride moments before returning to his Concept Cyclery Shop in South Africa , on 3 January 2013 at the age of 25 . A KwaZulu-Natal minibus taxi driver who struck down Stander , was convicted of culpable homicide on Friday April 17 , 2015 at the Port Shepstone Magistrates Court and was sentenced to three years in prison ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona's_2nd_congressional_district", "text": "Arizona 's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district located in the U.S. state of Arizona . It is located in the southeastern corner of the state , and includes roughly two-thirds of Tucson . It is the only one of the state 's nine congressional districts that does not include any part of Maricopa County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Martianus_Capella", "text": "Martianus Minneus Felix Capella was a Latin prose writer of Late Antiquity ( fl . c. 410-420 ) , one of the earliest developers of the system of the seven liberal arts that structured early medieval education . His single encyclopedic work , De nuptiis Philologiae et Mercurii ( On the Marriage of Philology and Mercury , also called De septem disciplinis On the seven disciplines ) is an elaborate didactic allegory written in a mixture of prose and elaborately allusive verse . Martianus often presents philosophical views based on Neoplatonism , the Platonic school of philosophy pioneered by Plotinus and his followers . Like his near-contemporary Macrobius , who also produced a major work on classical Roman religion , Martianus never directly identifies his own religious affiliation . Much of his work occurs in the form of dialogue , and the views of the interlocutors may not represent the author 's own ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fagus_engleriana", "text": "Fagus engleriana , the Engler 's beech , also known as Chinese beech , is a species of beech native to central and eastern China ( Anhui , Guangxi , Guizhou , Henan , Hubei , Hunan , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Yunnan , and Zhejiang provinces ) where it grows in broad-leaved and mixed forests . It can reach 25 m ( 82 ft ) in height . The shoots are dark brown and hairless . Leaves contain 10-14 vein-pairs and the margin is hairless , deckled and scarcely toothed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles_Simmons_(politician)", "text": "Charles James Jim Simmons ( 9 April 1893 - 11 August 1975 ) was a British lecturer , journalist and politician . Simmons was born in Moseley , Birmingham . Following elementary education , he became a Primitive Methodist lay preacher at the age of 16 . In World War I he served in the Worcestershire Regiment , seeing action in France , Egypt and Gallipoli . He was twice imprisoned whilst in the army , for appearing in uniform at a peace rally and for protesting against field punishments . He lost his leg at the Battle of Vimy Ridge . Following the war , he was a leading member of NUX the National Union of Ex-Servicemen , which fought for the rights of those returning from the war . His more militant stance , but reformist not revolutionary , was weakened as many of his comrades left to join the newly formed Communist Party . The NUX was later to effectively disappear as it played an important role in the foundation of the British Legion . Simmons remained active for ex-Servicemen in local organisations . Jim Simmons also played a leading role in the Labour Churches movement.He gained political office as a member of Birmingham City Council from 1921-1931 and 1942-1945 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Haigh_Sough", "text": "The Great Haigh Sough is a tunnel or adit driven under Sir Roger Bradshaigh 's estate between 1653 and 1670 , to drain his coal and cannel pits in Haigh on the Lancashire Coalfield . The sough 's portal and two metres of tunnel from where it discharges water into the Yellow Brook at Bottling Wood is a scheduled monument ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diamond_Tower_(Jeddah)", "text": "Diamond Tower is a 93-storey , 432-metre ( 1,417 ft ) supertall skyscraper under construction in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . The tower will be primarily for residential use . Once completed it will become Saudi Arabia 's second-tallest building and one of the tallest residential buildings in the world . When completed , Diamond Tower will be the only building to twist a full 360 degrees along its height ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karlstad", "text": "Karlstad ( US : /ˈkɑːrlstɑːd/ , Swedish : [ ˈkɑ̌ːɭsta ( d ) ] ( listen ) ) is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality , the capital of Värmland County , and the largest city in the province Värmland in Sweden . The city had 61,492 inhabitants in 2015 with 90,882 inhabitants in the wider municipality in 2017 , and is the 21st biggest municipality in Sweden . Karlstad has a university and a cathedral . Karlstad is built on the river delta where Sweden 's longest river , Klarälven , runs into Sweden 's largest lake , Vänern . It has the second largest lake port in the country after Västerås . Karlstad is often associated with sunshine and the symbol for Karlstad is a smiling sun . Karlstad is reputed to be one of the sunniest towns in Sweden and a local waitress , known as Sola i Karlstad ( the Sun in Karlstad ) for her sunny disposition , is also commemorated with a statue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paulina_Rubio", "text": "Paulina Susana Rubio Dosamantes ( Spanish pronunciation : [ pauˈlina ˈruβjo ] ; born 17 June 1971 ) , generally known professionally as Paulina Rubio , is a Mexican singer , actress , television music competition judge , hostess , model , and businesswoman . She achieved recognition as original member of the pop group Timbiriche from 1982 through 1991 , where she stood out as one of the main members . She appeared in 3 Mexican soap operas and 1 film in her first years of professional artistic career . Since then , Rubio has been a recording artist and has achieved commercial success in the entertainment industry and has been recognised with honorific nicknames , the most notably as the Queen of Latin Pop . Born and raised in Mexico City , Mexico , Rubio has worked and lived in Mexico , Miami and Madrid since the 1990s . She signed to record label EMI Music in 1992 and released her first studio album La Chica Dorada . In 1997 , she left EMI and signed with Universal Music where she released her self-titled studio album which received positive reviews from critics and was an international success . The single Y Yo Sigo Aquí became one of the most successful Latin singles of the 2000s , and was nominated to Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year . With Universal Music , she also released other five studio albums . Rubio has sold over 15 million records worldwide , and is considered one of the most influential Latin celebrities in the world by Univision . Rubio 's successful singles include Mío , Amor de Mujer , Nieva , Nieva , Te Daria Mi Vida , Y Yo Sigo Aqui , Lo Haré Por Ti , El Último Adiós , Yo No Soy Esa Mujer , Do n't Say Goodbye , Te Quise Tanto and Ni Una Sola Palabra . In 2012 , Rubio served as a coach on the second season of La Voz ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_PGM-17", "text": "USS PGM-17 was a PGM-9-class motor gunboat built for the United States Navy during World War II . She was laid down and launched as USS PC-1189 , a PC-461-class submarine chaser , but was renamed and reclassified before her November 1944 commissioning . She ran aground near Okinawa in May 1945 . She was salvaged a month later , but was never repaired . She was towed to deep water and sunk in October 1945 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Masaka_District", "text": "Masaka District is a district in Buganda Kingdom in Uganda . Its main town is Masaka , whose estimated population in 2011 was 74,100 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bionicle_3:_Web_of_Shadows", "text": "Bionicle 3 : Web of Shadows is a 2005 direct-to-video science fantasy action film based on the Bionicle toy line by Lego and the third installment in the Bionicle film series . It is largely a sequel to Bionicle 2 : Legends of Metru Nui , with the majority of events taking place before that film 's ending . Like Legends of Metru Nui , Web of Shadows is a prequel to the first film , Bionicle : Mask of Light . This is the first Bionicle film to not be given a rating by the MPAA . It was released on DVD on October 11 , 2005 . In the film , the Toa Metru return to their island city home of Metru Nui to rescue the Matoran populace whom they are sworn to protect ; the Matoran all remain in a deep coma following the events of the previous film . Upon arrival , the Toa discover that the city has been overrun by spider-like creatures called Visorak , who capture the Toa and mutate them into beast-like creatures known as Hordika . The Toa Hordika work with a group of beings called Rahaga to find a way to revert to their original forms while remaining committed to their primary objective of rescuing the Matoran ."}
{"title": "/wiki/I,_Cthulhu", "text": "I , Cthulhu is a short humorous story by fantasy author Neil Gaiman featuring H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu who is dictating an autobiography to a human slave , Whateley . The story reveals much about Cthulhu 's 'birth ' and early life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USJ-R_Jaguars", "text": "The University of San Jose-Recoletos ( USJ-R or colloquially shortened to San Jose ) , formerly known as Colegio de San Jose-Recoletos , is a private research and Catholic university founded in 1947 in Cebu City , Philippines by the Order of Augustinian Recollects . From classes held in an old building and a portion of the convent , the school built modern structures while retaining classic features . The university has three campuses , two of which are located in different areas of Metro Cebu - the main campus along Corner P. Lopez and Magallanes Sts . and the Basak Campus at Cebu South Road , Basak Pardo , Cebu City . Its third campus , the Balamban Campus , is located in Arpili , a barangay in the Municipality of Balamban ( still in the province of Cebu ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo", "text": "Nintendo Co. , Ltd. [ a ] is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics and video game company headquartered in Kyoto . Nintendo is one of the world 's largest video game companies by market capitalization , creating some of the best-known and top-selling video game franchises of all-time , such as Mario , The Legend of Zelda , Animal Crossing , and Pokémon . Nintendo was founded in 1889 by Fusajiro Yamauchi and originally produced handmade hanafuda playing cards . By 1963 , the company had tried several small niche businesses , such as cab services and love hotels , without major success . Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s , Nintendo developed into a video game company in the 1970s . Supplemented since the 1980s by its major divisions Nintendo of America and Nintendo of Europe , it ultimately became one of the most influential in the video game industry and one of Japan 's most-valuable companies with a market value of over $ 37 billion in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean-Michel_Bombardier", "text": "Jean-Michel Bombardier ( born August 22 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former pair skater . With Michelle Menzies , he won two national titles and finished in the top ten at three World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermès", "text": "Hermès International S.A. , or simply Hermès ( /ɛərˈmɛz/ ( listen ) air-MEZ , French : [ ɛʁmɛs ] ( listen ) ) , is a French high fashion luxury goods manufacturer established in 1837 . It specializes in leather , lifestyle accessories , home furnishings , perfumery , jewellery , watches and ready-to-wear . Its logo , since the 1950s , is of a Duc carriage with horse . Nadège Vanhee-Cybulski is the current creative director ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canal_Winchester,_Ohio", "text": "Canal Winchester is a city in Fairfield and Franklin counties in the U.S. state of Ohio . The population was 7,101 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Beverly_Hillbillies", "text": "The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom television series broadcast on CBS from 1962 to 1971 . The show had an ensemble cast featuring Buddy Ebsen , Irene Ryan , Donna Douglas , and Max Baer Jr. as the Clampetts , a poor backwoods family from the Ozarks region who move to posh Beverly Hills , California after striking oil on their land . The show was produced by Filmways and was created by writer Paul Henning . It was followed by two other Henning-inspired country cousin series on CBS : Petticoat Junction and its spin-off Green Acres , which reversed the rags-to-riches , country-to-city model of The Beverly Hillbillies . The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most-watched programs on television for eight of its nine seasons , twice ranking as the number one series of the year , with 16 episodes that remain among the 100 most-watched television episodes in history . It accumulated seven Emmy nominations during its run . The series remains in syndicated reruns , and its ongoing popularity spawned a 1993 film remake by 20th Century Fox ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CIXK-FM", "text": "CIXK-FM , branded as Mix 106.5 , is a Canadian FM radio station , broadcasting from studios on 9th Street East in downtown Owen Sound , Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Potato", "text": "The potato is a root vegetable native to the Americas , a starchy tuber of the plant Solanum tuberosum , and the plant itself , a perennial in the family Solanaceae . Wild potato species can be found throughout the Americas , from the United States to southern Chile . The potato was originally believed to have been domesticated by indigenous peoples of the Americas independently in multiple locations , but later genetic testing of the wide variety of cultivars and wild species traced a single origin for potatoes . In the area of present-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia , from a species in the Solanum brevicaule complex , potatoes were domesticated approximately 7,000-10,000 years ago . In the Andes region of South America , where the species is indigenous , some close relatives of the potato are cultivated . Potatoes were introduced to Europe from the Americas in the second half of the 16th century by the Spanish . Today they are a staple food in many parts of the world and an integral part of much of the world 's food supply . As of 2014 , potatoes were the world 's fourth-largest food crop after maize ( corn ) , wheat , and rice . Following millennia of selective breeding , there are now over 1,000 different types of potatoes . Over 99% of presently cultivated potatoes worldwide descended from varieties that originated in the lowlands of south-central Chile , which have displaced formerly popular varieties from the Andes . The importance of the potato as a food source and culinary ingredient varies by region and is still changing . It remains an essential crop in Europe , especially Northern and Eastern Europe , where per capita production is still the highest in the world , while the most rapid expansion in production over the past few decades has occurred in southern and eastern Asia , with China and India leading the world in overall production as of 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sodus_(town),_New_York", "text": "Sodus is a town in Wayne County , New York , United States . The population was 8,384 at the 2010 census . The town takes its name from a native word for the bay in the eastern part of the town : Assorodus , meaning silvery water . The Town of Sodus is on the north border of the county and is midway between Rochester and Syracuse ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oliver_Webb", "text": "Oliver Oli James Webb ( born 20 March 1991 in Manchester ) is a British auto racing driver . He has is a 2004 Karting Champion , 2007 Formula BMW Scholarship winner , 2010 Formula 3 competitor , 2014 European Le Mans series Champion , 2015 Dubai 24 Hour Champion , and W Motors Ambassador ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WJSP-FM", "text": "WJSP-FM ( 88.1 FM ) is the Georgia Public Broadcasting ( GPB ) Public radio station serving Columbus and all of west-central Georgia . It shares a radio tower with GPB TV station WJSP-TV just outside Warm Springs , Georgia , its city of license . The station was one of the first GPB radio stations , first broadcasting in 1984 . Unlike some of the other stations in the system , WJSP-FM only simulcasts the GPB radio network , with no local programs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Tigers", "text": "The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit , Michigan . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the American League ( AL ) Central division . One of the AL 's eight charter franchises , the club was founded in Detroit as a member of the minor league Western League in 1894 and is the only Western League team still in its original city . They are also the oldest continuous one name , one city franchise in the AL . Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901 , the Tigers have won four World Series championships ( 1935 , 1945 , 1968 , and 1984 ) , 11 AL pennants ( 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1934 , 1935 , 1940 , 1945 , 1968 , 1984 , 2006 , 2012 ) , and four AL Central division championships ( 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 ) . They also won division titles in 1972 , 1984 , and 1987 as a member of the AL East . The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit . The Tigers constructed Bennett Park at the corner of Michigan Avenue and Trumbull Avenue in Corktown ( just west of Downtown Detroit ) and began playing there in 1896 . In 1912 , the team moved into Navin Field , which was built on the same location . It was expanded in 1938 and renamed Briggs Stadium . It was renamed Tiger Stadium in 1961 and the Tigers played there until moving to Comerica Park in 2000 . From 1901 to 2019 , the Tigers ' overall win-loss record is 9,346-9,191 ( a winning percentage of .504 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glam_rock", "text": "Glam rock is a style of rock music that developed in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s performed by musicians who wore outrageous costumes , makeup , and hairstyles , particularly platform shoes and glitter . Glam artists drew on diverse sources across music and throwaway pop culture , ranging from bubblegum pop and 1950s rock and roll to cabaret , science fiction , and complex art rock . The flamboyant clothing and visual styles of performers were often camp or androgynous , and have been described as playing with nontraditional gender roles . Glitter rock was a more extreme version of glam . The UK charts were inundated with glam rock acts from 1971 to 1975 . The March 1971 appearance of T. Rex frontman Marc Bolan on the BBC 's music show Top of the Pops , wearing glitter and satins , is often cited as the beginning of the movement . Other British glam rock artists include David Bowie , Mott the Hoople , Sweet , Slade , Mud , Roxy Music and Gary Glitter . Those not central to the genre , such as Elton John , Rod Stewart and Freddie Mercury of Queen , also adopted glam styles . In the US the scene was much less prevalent , with Alice Cooper and Lou Reed the only American artists to score a hit . Other US glam artists include New York Dolls , Sparks , Suzi Quatro , Iggy Pop and Jobriath . It declined after the mid-1970s , but influenced other musical genres including punk rock , glam metal , New Romantic , deathrock and gothic rock ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Yoshino", "text": "Yoshino Mountain ( 吉野山 , Yoshino-yama ) is a mountain located in the town of Yoshino in Yoshino District , Nara Prefecture , Japan . In 2004 it was designated as part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site under the name Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range . Yoshino Mountain was the subject of a waka poem in the 10th century poetry compilation Kokin Wakashū . It is also the subject of several poems in the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu . Several important religious and pilgrimage destinations are located around Mount Yoshino , including Yoshino Mikumari Shrine , Kimpu Shrine and Kimpusen-ji . It is well known for its cherry blossoms and attracts many visitors every spring . Yoshino Mountain is famous for its many thousands of sakura trees , and is heavily referenced in both traditional waka poetry and folk song for its abundance of flowers in the spring , with famous poets such as Chiyo offering prose on the peak and its many flowers . These flowering specimen trees were planted in four groves at different altitudes , in part so that the famed trees would come into bloom at different times of the spring . A 1714 account explained that , on their climb to the top , travelers would be able to enjoy the lower 1,000 cherry trees at the base , the middle 1,000 on the way , the upper 1,000 toward the top , and the 1,000 in the precincts of the inner shrine at the top . Famous products that can be found in shops in the area of Mount Yoshino include edible goods made from kudzu root and persimmon leaf-wrapped sushi ( kakinoha-zushi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reissend_Nollen", "text": "The Reissend Nollen is a mountain peak of the Urner Alps , located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern . It lies on the range west of the Titlis , between Engelberg and Gadmen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bukit_Gombak_Stadium", "text": "It is adjacent to the Bukit Gombak MRT station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russia", "text": "Russia ( Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya , IPA : [ rɐˈsʲijə ] ) , or the Russian Federation , [ e ] is a European country located in Eastern Europe with a vast expanse of territory that stretches across Northern Asia . At 17,125,200 square kilometres ( 6,612,100 sq mi ) , it is by far the largest country in the world by area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , spanning eleven time zones , and bordering 16 sovereign nations . The territory of Russia extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east , and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea and the Caucasus in the south . With 146.7 million inhabitants living in the country 's 85 federal subjects as of 2020 , Russia is the most populous nation in Europe and the ninth-most populous nation in the world . Russia 's capital and largest city is Moscow ; other major urban areas include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod , Kazan and Chelyabinsk . The East Slavs emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD . Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century . In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium . Rus ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states , until it was finally reunified by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the 15th century . By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland on the west to Alaska on the east . Following the Russian Revolution , the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Russian SFSR ) became the largest and leading constituent of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR/Soviet Union ) , the world 's first constitutionally socialist state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Historic_Cold_Spring_Village", "text": "Historic Cold Spring Village is an open-air living-history museum located at 720 US Route 9 in the Cold Spring section of Lower Township in Cape May County , New Jersey . It contains several buildings that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The Cold Spring Grange Hall , listed in 1998 , serves as the entrance to the village . The village was listed as the Historic Cold Spring Village Historic District on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places on September 27 , 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toyota_Racing_(Formula_One_team)", "text": "Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota Motor Corporation and based in Cologne , Germany . Toyota announced their plans to participate in Formula One in 1999 , and after extensive testing with their initial car , dubbed the TF101 , the team made their debut in 2002 . The new team grew from Toyota 's long-standing Toyota Motorsport GmbH organisation , which had previously competed in the World Rally Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans . Despite a point in their first-ever race , Toyota never won a Grand Prix , their best finish being 2nd position , which they achieved five times . Toyota drew criticism for their lack of success , as they never managed to win with one of the sport 's biggest budgets . Toyota was a well-funded team , but despite this , strong results had never been consistent . On 4 November 2009 , Toyota announced its immediate withdrawal from Formula One , ending the team 's involvement in the sport after eight consecutive seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wrestling_at_the_1956_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1956 Summer Olympics , 16 wrestling events were contested , all for men . There were eight weight classes in Greco-Roman wrestling and eight classes in freestyle wrestling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forward_(association_football)", "text": "Forwards are the players on a football ( soccer ) team who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals . Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals on behalf of their team than other players . Modern team formations generally include one to three forwards ; for example , the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward . Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards , or none ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leonard_Warren", "text": "Leonard Warren ( April 21 , 1911 - March 4 , 1960 ) was an American opera singer . A baritone , he was a leading artist for many years with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Curtis_Mayfield", "text": "Curtis Lee Mayfield ( June 3 , 1942 - December 26 , 1999 ) was an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and record producer , and one of the most influential musicians behind soul and politically conscious African-American music . He first achieved success and recognition with The Impressions during the civil rights movement of the late 1950s and 1960s , and later worked as a solo artist . Born in Chicago , Illinois , Mayfield started his musical career in a gospel choir . Moving to the North Side , he met Jerry Butler in 1956 at the age of 14 , and joined the vocal group The Impressions . As a songwriter , Mayfield became noted as one of the first musicians to bring more prevalent themes of social awareness into soul music . In 1965 , he wrote People Get Ready for the Impressions , which displayed his more politically charged songwriting . Ranked at no . 24 on Rolling Stone 's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time , the song received numerous other awards , and was included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll , as well as being inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1998 . After leaving the Impressions in 1970 in the pursuit of a solo career , Mayfield released several albums , including the soundtrack for the blaxploitation film Super Fly in 1972 . The soundtrack was noted for its socially conscious themes , mostly addressing problems surrounding inner city minorities such as crime , poverty and drug abuse . The album was ranked at no . 72 on Rolling Stone 's list of 500 Greatest Albums of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coahuila", "text": "Coahuila ( Spanish pronunciation : [ koaˈwila ] ( listen ) ) , formally Coahuila de Zaragoza ( American Spanish : [ koaˈwila ðe saɾaˈɣosa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Free and Sovereign State of Coahuila de Zaragoza ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de Coahuila de Zaragoza ) , is one of the 32 states which comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico . Coahuila borders the Mexican states of Nuevo León to the east , Zacatecas to the south , and Durango and Chihuahua to the west . To the north , Coahuila accounts for a 512 kilometres ( 318 mi ) stretch of the Mexico-United States border , adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas along the course of the Rio Grande ( Río Bravo del Norte ) . With an area of 151,563 square kilometres ( 58,519 sq mi ) , it is the nation 's third-largest state . It comprises 38 municipalities ( municipios ) . In 2010 , Coahuila 's population is 2,748,391 inhabitants . The five largest cities in Coahuila are the state capital city of Saltillo ; the second largest is Torreón ( largest metropolitan area in Coahuila and 9th largest in Mexico ) ; the third largest is Monclova ( a former state capital ) ; the fourth largest is Ciudad Acuña ; and the fifth largest is Piedras Negras ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deepika_Kumari", "text": "Deepika Kumari ( born 13 June 1994 ) is an Indian athlete who competes in the event of archery , is currently ranked World No . 9 , and is a former world number one . She won a gold medal in the 2010 Commonwealth games in the women 's individual recurve event . She also won a gold medal in the same competition in the women 's team recurve event along with Dola Banerjee and Bombayala Devi . She got her first breakthrough in 2005 . Kumari qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , where she competed in the Women 's Individual and Women 's team events , finishing in eighth place in the latter . She was conferred the Arjuna Award , India 's second highest sporting award in the year 2012 by President of India Pranab Mukherjee . In February 2014 , she was honored with FICCI Sportsperson of the Year Award . The Government of India awarded her the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paris_Saint-Germain_F.C.", "text": "Paris Saint-Germain Football Club ( French pronunciation : ​ [ paʁi sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ ] ) , commonly referred to as Paris Saint-Germain , Paris SG , or simply Paris or PSG , is a French professional football club based in Paris . Founded in 1970 , the club has traditionally worn red and blue kits . PSG has played their home matches in the 47,929-capacity Parc des Princes , in the 16th arrondissement of Paris , since 1974 . The club plays in the highest tier of French football , Ligue 1 . The Parisian club established itself as a major force in France , and one of the major forces of European football in the 2010s . PSG have won a total of 40 titles , 39 of them top-flight trophies , making it the most successful French club in history by this measure . Paris SG is also the only club to have never been relegated from Ligue 1 , the club with most consecutive seasons in the top-flight ( they have played 45 seasons in Ligue 1 since 1974 ) , one of only two French clubs to have won a major European title , the most popular football club in France , and one of the most widely supported teams in the world . Domestically , the Parisians have won eight Ligue 1 titles , a record twelve Coupe de France , a record eight Coupe de la Ligue , and a record nine Trophée des Champions titles . In European football , they have won one UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and one UEFA Intertoto Cup . The capital club has also won one Ligue 2 , regarded as a minor official title . PSG have a long-standing rivalry with Olympique de Marseille . The duo contest French football 's most notorious match , known as Le Classique ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baseball", "text": "Baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two opposing teams who take turns batting and fielding . The game proceeds when a player on the fielding team , called the pitcher , throws a ball which a player on the batting team tries to hit with a bat . The objective of the offensive team ( batting team ) is to hit the ball into the field of play , allowing its players to run the bases , having them advance counter-clockwise around four bases to score what are called runs . The objective of the defensive team ( fielding team ) is to prevent batters from becoming runners , and to prevent runners ' advance around the bases . A run is scored when a runner legally advances around the bases in order and touches home plate ( the place where the player started as a batter ) . The team that scores the most runs by the end of the game is the winner . The first objective of the batting team is to have a player reach first base safely . A player on the batting team who reaches first base without being called out can attempt to advance to subsequent bases as a runner , either immediately or during teammates ' turns batting . The fielding team tries to prevent runs by getting batters or runners out , which forces them out of the field of play . Both the pitcher and fielders have methods of getting the batting team 's players out . The opposing teams switch back and forth between batting and fielding ; the batting team 's turn to bat is over once the fielding team records three outs . One turn batting for each team constitutes an inning ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yerevan", "text": "Yerevan ( UK : /ˌjɛrəˈvæn/ YERR-ə-VAN , US : /-ˈvɑːn/ -⁠VAHN ; Armenian : Երևան [ a ] [ jɛɾɛˈvɑn ] ( listen ) , sometimes spelled Erevan ) [ b ] is the capital and largest city of Armenia as well as one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities . Situated along the Hrazdan River , Yerevan is the administrative , cultural , and industrial center of the country . It has been the capital since 1918 , the fourteenth in the history of Armenia and the seventh located in or around the Ararat plain . The city also serves as the seat of the Araratian Pontifical Diocese ; the largest diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church and one of the oldest dioceses in the world . The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC , with the founding of the fortress of Erebuni in 782 BC by king Argishti I at the western extreme of the Ararat plain . Erebuni was designed as a great administrative and religious centre , a fully royal capital . By the late ancient Armenian Kingdom , new capital cities were established and Yerevan declined in importance . Under Iranian and Russian rule , it was the center of the Erivan Khanate from 1736 to 1828 and the Erivan Governorate from 1850 to 1917 , respectively . After World War I , Yerevan became the capital of the First Republic of Armenia as thousands of survivors of the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire arrived in the area . The city expanded rapidly during the 20th century as Armenia became part of the Soviet Union . In a few decades , Yerevan was transformed from a provincial town within the Russian Empire to Armenia 's principal cultural , artistic , and industrial center , as well as becoming the seat of national government . With the growth of the Armenian economy , Yerevan has undergone major transformation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/RAF_Stornoway", "text": "Royal Air Force Station Stornoway or more simply RAF Stornoway is a former Royal Air Force station near the burgh of Stornoway , on the Isle of Lewis , in the Western Isles of Scotland . No . 112 Signals Unit Stornoway was also part of the RAF 's activity on the airfield ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1968_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_80_metres_hurdles", "text": "The Women 's 80 metres hurdles competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , Mexico was held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 17-18 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cathy_McLeod", "text": "Cathy McLeod MP ( born 12 June 1957 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to represent the electoral district of Kamloops - Thompson - Cariboo in the 2008 Canadian federal election . She is a member of the Conservative Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shaun_Murphy_(snooker_player)", "text": "Shaun Peter Murphy ( born 10 August 1982 ) is an English professional snooker player , who won the 2005 World Championship . Nicknamed The Magician , Murphy is noted for his straight cue action and his long potting . Born in Harlow and raised in Irthlingborough , Murphy turned professional in 1998 . His victory at the World Championship was considered a major surprise as he was only the third qualifier to lift the title . His other ranking tournament victories came in the 2007 Malta Cup , the 2008 UK Championship , the Players Tour Championship 2010/2011 - Finals and the 2014 World Open , while he reached a second World Championship final in 2009 and a third in 2015 . He has also won seven non-ranking tournaments , including the 2015 Masters , which completed his career Triple Crown . Murphy has won over £3 million in prize money and has compiled more than 500 century breaks in his professional career . His highest world ranking was number three , which he maintained for three seasons following 2007/2008 . On 12 November 2017 , Murphy won the Champion of Champions title beating Ronnie O'Sullivan in the final . At the 2019 World Snooker Championship , Murphy became only the second person to perform a whitewash at the world championships . He defeated Luo Honghao 10-0 in the opening round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colorado_Rockies", "text": "The Colorado Rockies are an American professional baseball team based in Denver , Colorado . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) West division . The team 's home venue is Coors Field , located in the Lower Downtown area of Denver . The team is owned by the Monfort brothers and managed by Bud Black . The Rockies began play as an expansion team for the 1993 season , and played their home games for their first two seasons at Mile High Stadium . Since 1995 , they have played at Coors Field , which has earned a reputation as a hitter 's park . The Rockies have qualified for the postseason five times , each time as a Wild Card winner . In 2007 , the team earned its first ( and only ) NL pennant after winning 14 of their final 15 games in the regular season to secure a Wild Card position . In the 2007 World Series , they were swept by the American League ( AL ) champions Boston Red Sox in four games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Altyn_Asyr_FK", "text": "Altyn Asyr futbol kluby is a Turkmen football club based in Ashgabat . Founded in 2008 , they play in the top division in Turkmenistan football , the Ýokary Liga . It has remained there ever since , winning the Turkmenistan Higher League championship three times in a row ( 2014 , 2015 and 2016 ) . The club also won the 2009 , 2015 and 2016 Turkmenistan Cup and has been a regular in Asian competition in recent seasons . The team plays in the Ashgabat Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Vim_(PG-99)", "text": "When the United States entered World War II at the end of 1941 , the United States Navy found itself deficient in ocean escort-type vessels . A crash building program was instituted ; but , to meet more immediate needs , the government contracted with shipbuilding firms in England and Canada to build Flower-class corvettes . Vim ( PG-99 ) was one of those British-type escorts . She was launched on 1 April 1943 at the Collingwood Shipyard in Collingwood , Ontario . Nine days later , however , she was transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of the lend-lease agreement in return for another Flower-class corvette then under construction in Canada . The British renamed her HMS Statice , and she served the Royal Navy under the name through World War II . On 21 June 1946 , she was returned to the United States Navy . Though carried on the Navy list as PG-99 , the corvette never saw active service with the United States Navy . She was sold on 7 May 1947 . To whom she was sold and to what purpose she was put is unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/British_Phonographic_Industry", "text": "The BPI ( British Recorded Music Industry ) Limited , commonly known as the British Phonographic Industry or BPI , is the British recorded music industry 's trade association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sania_Mirza", "text": "Sania Mirza ( Hindustani pronunciation : [ ˈsaːnɪaː ˈmɪrzaː ] ; born 15 November 1986 ) is an Indian professional tennis player . A former world No . 1 in the doubles discipline , she has won six Grand Slam titles in her career . From 2003 until her retirement from singles in 2013 , she was ranked by the WTA as India 's No . 1 player in both the categories . Throughout her career , Mirza has established herself as by far the most successful Indian women 's tennis player ever and one of the highest-paid and most high-profile athletes in the country . In her singles career , Mirza had notable wins over Svetlana Kuznetsova , Vera Zvonareva , and Marion Bartoli , as well as former world No . 1s Martina Hingis , Dinara Safina , and Victoria Azarenka . She is the highest-ranked female player ever from India , peaking at world No . 27 in mid-2007 . However , a major wrist injury forced her to give up her singles career and focus on the doubles circuit . She has achieved a number of firsts for women 's tennis in her native country , including surpassing $ 1 million in career earnings ( in the end over $ 6.9 million ) , winning a singles WTA title , and winning six major titles ( three each in women 's doubles and in mixed doubles ) , as well as qualifying for ( and eventually winning ) the WTA Finals in 2014 alongside Cara Black , defending the title the following year partnering with Martina Hingis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1995_World_Championships_in_Athletics", "text": "The 5th World Championships in Athletics , under the auspices of the International Association of Athletics Federations , were held at the Ullevi Stadium , Gothenburg , Sweden on 5-13 August 1995 . This edition featured 1804 athletes from 191 nations . This competition saw the women run the 5000 m event at the World Championships for the first time . The race replaced the 3000 m event which had been run at all previous World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chiefs_(rugby_union)", "text": "The Chiefs ( formerly known as the Waikato Chiefs and officially called the Gallagher Chiefs for sponsorship reasons ) is a New Zealander professional rugby union team based in Hamilton , New Zealand . The team competes in the Super Rugby competition , previously known as the Super 12 and Super 14 , and are one of the competition 's five New Zealand teams . Playing in black , red and yellow coloured jerseys , their primary home ground is Waikato Stadium . Until 2004 , the Chiefs were the only New Zealand side never to have qualified for the Super 12 semi-finals . In that year the Chiefs earned their first semi-final berth , and in the end achieved fourth place ( defeated 37-20 in the semi-final by the ACT Brumbies ) . They subsequently reached the 2009 final , but found themselves on the short end of a record 61-17 defeat by the Bulls . The Chiefs were rewarded with a home final after a strong 2012 season . The Chiefs defeated the Sharks 37-6 , winning their first title . In 2013 , the Chiefs became the fourth team to record back-to-back title wins , when they defeated the Brumbies 27-22 at Waikato Stadium ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newtownards", "text": "Newtownards is a town , townland and civil parish in County Down , Northern Ireland . It lies at the most northern tip of Strangford Lough , 10 miles ( 16 km ) east of Belfast , on the Ards Peninsula . It is situated in the civil parish of Newtownards and the historic baronies of Ards Lower and Castlereagh Lower . Newtownards is in the Ards and North Down Borough . It is known colloquially by locals as Ards . The population was 28,050 in the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lanesville,_Indiana", "text": "Lanesville is a town in Franklin Township , Harrison County , Indiana , United States . The population was 564 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_St._Gallen", "text": "The canton of St. Gallen , also canton of St Gall ( German : Kanton St. Gallen Sankt Gallen ( help·info ) ; dialectally /saŋkˈalːə/ , French : canton de Saint-Gall , Italian : Cantone di San Gallo , Romansh : chantun Son Gagl ) , is a canton of Switzerland . The capital is St. Gallen . Located in northeastern Switzerland , the canton has an area of 2,026 km2 ( 782 sq mi ) ( 5% of Switzerland ) and a resident population close to half a million as of 2015 ( 6% of Switzerland ) . It was formed in 1803 as a conflation of the city of St. Gallen , the territories of the Abbey of St. Gall and various former subject territories of the Old Swiss Confederacy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naranjal,_Ecuador", "text": "Naranjal is a city located in southern Guayas Province , Ecuador , near Azuay Province . It is the seat of Naranjal Canton , created in 1960 . As of the census of 2001 , there are 53,482 people residing within canton limits . The city is communicated with Guayaquil and Machala . Coordinates : 2°40′22″S 79°36′54″W / 2.6728°S 79.6150°W / -2.6728 ; -79.6150"}
{"title": "/wiki/Jean-Pierre_Aumont", "text": "Jean-Pierre Aumont ( 5 January 1911 - 30 January 2001 ) was a French actor , and holder of the Legion d'Honneur and the Croix de Guerre for his World War II military service ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luca_Marmorini", "text": "Luca Marmorini ( born June 17 , 1961 ) is the former head of the engine and electronics department at the Ferrari Formula One team . Marmorini started his Formula One career with Ferrari in 1990 , which he joined after completing a mechanical doctorate . He stayed with Ferrari until 1999 , when he joined Toyota as it prepared to enter Formula One . After progressing to the position of technical director in charge of engines , he left Toyota on January 19 , 2009 , only to return to Ferrari on October 6 that same year , replacing Frenchman Gilles Simon as head of the engine and electronics department . He left the Scuderia Ferrari Team on 31 July 2014 and has been linked with Renault ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kasarani_Stadium", "text": "The main arena is used by the Kenya national football team for most of its home games , as well as Kenyan Premier League sides Mathare United and Tusker F.C . Since 2013 the Safari Sevens rugby union tournament has been hosted at the Kasarani Stadium . For sponsorship reasons , since December 2013 the stadium has also been known as Safaricom Stadium Kasarani ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qazaqstan_Temir_Zholy", "text": "Kazakhstan Temir Zholy ( KTZ ; Kazakh : Qazaqstan Temir Joly ( QTJ ) ) , also National Company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy , is the national railway company of Kazakhstan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Georgia_Southern_University", "text": "Georgia Southern University ( GS ) is a public research university in the U.S. state of Georgia . Its flagship campus is in Statesboro , and other locations include the Armstrong Campus in Savannah and the Liberty Campus in Hinesville . Founded in 1906 as a land grant college , Georgia Southern is the fifth largest institution in the University System of Georgia and is the largest center of higher education within the southern half of Georgia . The institution offers over 140 different academic majors in a comprehensive array of baccalaureate , masters , and doctoral programs . The university has a combined enrollment of approximately 27,000 students from all 50 states and approximately 85 nations . Georgia Southern is classified as a Doctoral and Research Institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , plus a comprehensive university by the University System of Georgia . On the Statesboro Campus is the Center for Wildlife Education and the Lamar Q Ball , Jr. Raptor Center , an educational and research facility that is home to Georgia Southern 's bald eagle mascot as well as 85 other birds , 67 reptiles , 70 amphibians , and eight mammals . The university also manages the Effingham Wetlands , some 1,400 acres donated by the Southeastern Trust for Parks and Land ( STPAL ) with the express purpose of creating a vibrant living laboratory . The George-Anne , the university 's flagship publication , is published twice a week during academic semesters . There are also magazines published by students , such as The Reflector , a student interest news magazine of Georgia Southern University and , until 2016 , The Miscellany , a literary arts magazine composed of submissions from the student body and university community . Georgia Southern University 's intercollegiate sports teams , known as the Eagles , compete in the Sun Belt Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2022_FIFA_World_Cup", "text": "The 2022 FIFA World Cup is scheduled to be the 22nd edition of the FIFA World Cup , the quadrennial international men 's association football championship contested by the national teams of the member associations of FIFA . It is scheduled to take place in Qatar in 2022 . This will be the first World Cup ever to be held in the Arab world and the first in a Muslim-majority country . This will be the second World Cup held entirely in Asia after the 2002 tournament in South Korea and Japan . In addition , the tournament will be the last to involve 32 teams , with an increase to 48 teams scheduled for the 2026 tournament in North America . The reigning World Cup champions are France . This will also mark the first World Cup not to be held in May , June , or July ; the tournament is instead scheduled for late November until mid-December . It is to be played in a reduced timeframe of around 28 days , with the final being held on 18 December 2022 , which is also Qatar National Day . Accusations of corruption have been made relating to how Qatar won the right to host the event . A FIFA internal investigation and report cleared Qatar of any wrongdoing , but the chief investigator Michael J. Garcia has since described FIFA 's report on his inquiry as materially incomplete and erroneous . On 27 May 2015 , Swiss federal prosecutors opened an investigation into corruption and money laundering related to the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . On 6 August 2018 , former FIFA president Sepp Blatter claimed that Qatar had used black ops , suggesting that the bid committee had cheated to win the hosting rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shandong_Luneng_Taishan_F.C.", "text": "Shandong Luneng Taishan ( simplified Chinese : 山东鲁能泰山 ; traditional Chinese : 山東魯能泰山 ; pinyin : Shāndōng Lǔnéng Tàishān ) is a professional football club that currently participates in the Chinese Super League under licence from the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) . The team is based in Jinan , Shandong and their home stadium is the Jinan Olympic Sports Center Stadium that has a seating capacity of 56,808 . Their current majority shareholder is Shandong Electric Power Group Corporation , the biggest supplier of electric energy in Shandong province and itself part of the State Grid Corporation of China . Luneng is the name of Luneng Group , now another subsidiary corporation of State Grid Corporation of China . The last part of the club name derives from Mount Tai . The club 's predecessor was called Shandong Provincial team who were founded in April 10 , 1956 while the current professional football team was established in December 2 , 1993 . They were one of the founding members of the first fully professional top tier league in China . Since then they have gone on to win their first ever league title in the 1999 league season . They have continued to win domestic silverware with the 2006 , 2008 , 2010 league titles , making them one of the most successful Chinese football teams . According to Forbes , Shandong are the 5th most valuable football team in China , with a team value of $ 126 million , and an estimated revenue of $ 24 million in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Per_Olsson", "text": "Per Pelle Olsson ( born 1 August 1963 ) is a Swedish football manager in charge of Sandvikens IF . He started out playing for his hometown club Skutskärs IF . During his injury-filled playing career he also represented Gefle IF , Malmö FF , Halmstads BK and the Sweden national under-21 football team . In his managerial career he is influenced by the managers who he previously played for like Roy Hodgson , Stuart Baxter and Benny Lennartsson . Before the start of the 2012 Allsvenskan season he was named the best manager in the league by newspaper Aftonbladet due to his ability to build a low-budget team that is greater than its individual parts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balzar_Canton", "text": "Balthazar Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province . Its capital is the town of Balzar . Its population at the 2001 census was 48,470 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Order_of_Canada", "text": "The Order of Canada ( French : Ordre du Canada ) is a Canadian national order and the second highest honour for merit in the system of orders , decorations , and medals of Canada , after the Order of Merit . To coincide with the centennial of Canadian Confederation , the three-tiered order was established in 1967 as a fellowship that recognizes the outstanding merit or distinguished service of Canadians who make a major difference to Canada through lifelong contributions in every field of endeavour , as well as the efforts by non-Canadians who have made the world better by their actions . Membership is accorded to those who exemplify the order 's Latin motto , desiderantes meliorem patriam , meaning they desire a better country , a phrase taken from Hebrews 11:16 . The three tiers of the order are Companion , Officer , and Member ; specific individuals may be given extraordinary membership and deserving non-Canadians may receive honorary appointment into each grade . The Canadian monarch , Queen Elizabeth II , is Sovereign of the order and the serving governor general , currently Julie Payette , is its Chancellor and Principal Companion and administers the order on behalf of the Sovereign . Appointees to the order are recommended by an advisory board and formally inducted by the governor general or the sovereign . As of January 2020 [ update ] , 7,212 people have been appointed to the Order of Canada , including scientists , musicians , politicians , artists , athletes , business people , film stars , benefactors , and others . Some have resigned or have been removed from the order , while other appointments have been controversial . Appointees are presented with insignia and receive the right to armorial bearings ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ski_jumping_at_the_1984_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Ski jumping at the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of two events held from 12 February to 18 February , taking place at Igman Olympic Jumps ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Concerto:_One_Night_in_Central_Park", "text": "Concerto : One Night in Central Park is a live album by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli . The album was recorded September 15 , 2011 , during a concert at Central Park 's Great Lawn in New York City . Guest performers included Celine Dion , Tony Bennett , Chris Botti , Bryn Terfel , Pretty Yende , and music producer David Foster . PBS announced that it would broadcast the concert nationwide , as Andrea Bocelli Live in Central Park . Immediately upon release , the album entered the Billboard Top 10 and peaked at No . 4 on the Billboard 200 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Poland", "text": "Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Legend_of_Kage", "text": "The Legend of Kage ( 影の伝説 , Kage no Densetsu ) is a 1985 arcade game by Taito which was released for several contemporary video game home systems in the following years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Designated_hitter", "text": "In baseball , the designated hitter rule is the common name for Major League Baseball Rule 5.11 , adopted by the American League in 1973 . The rule allows teams to have one player , known as the designated hitter ( or DH ) , to bat in place of the pitcher . Since 1973 , most collegiate , amateur , and professional leagues have adopted the rule or some variant . MLB 's National League and Nippon Professional Baseball 's Central League are the most prominent professional leagues that do not use a designated hitter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1908_Italian_Football_Championship", "text": "The 1908 Italian Football Championship season was won by Pro Vercelli . In this season , two championships of Prima Categoria were played :"}
{"title": "/wiki/Lucy_Liu", "text": "Lucy Liu ( born December 2 , 1968 ) is an American actress , who is known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series Ally McBeal ( 1998-2002 ) , the assertive assassin O-Ren Ishii in Kill Bill , and Joan Watson in the crime-drama series Elementary ( 2012-2019 ) . Throughout her career , she has received two Screen Actors Guild Awards and has won the Seoul International Drama Award for Best Actress . She has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series , and has received nominations for three People 's Choice Awards and two Saturn Awards . Liu 's film work includes starring in Payback ( 1999 ) , Charlie 's Angels ( 2000 ) , Shanghai Noon ( 2000 ) , Chicago ( 2002 ) , Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle ( 2003 ) , Kill Bill : Volume 1 ( 2003 ) , Lucky Number Slevin ( 2006 ) , The Man with the Iron Fists ( 2012 ) , and Set It Up ( 2018 ) . Liu is also a voice actress and has voiced Master Viper in the Kung Fu Panda franchise ( 2008-2016 ) . She also voiced Silvermist in Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure ( 2009 ) , Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue ( 2010 ) , Pixie Hollow Games ( 2011 ) , Secret of the Wings ( 2012 ) , The Pirate Fairy ( 2014 ) , and Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast ( 2015 ) . Her other voice credits include Mulan II ( 2004 ) , as well as the English and Mandarin-dubbed versions of Magic Wonderland ( 2014 ) and The Tale of the Princess Kaguya ( 2013 ) . In 2008 , she starred in an ABC comedy-drama , Cashmere Mafia , as Mia Mason , which ended after one abbreviated season . The show was one of only a few American television shows to have an Asian American series lead . In 2012 , Liu joined the cast of the TNT series Southland in the recurring role of Jessica Tang , for which she won the Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Drama Guest Actress ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Plácido_Domingo", "text": "José Plácido Domingo Embil KBE [ a ] ( born 21 January 1941 ) is a Spanish opera singer , conductor and arts administrator . He has recorded over a hundred complete operas and is well known for his versatility , regularly performing in Italian , French , German , Spanish , English and Russian in the most prestigious opera houses in the world . Although primarily a lirico-spinto tenor for most of his career , especially popular for his Cavaradossi , Hoffmann , Don José , and Canio , he quickly moved into more dramatic roles , becoming the most acclaimed Otello of his generation . In the early 2010s , he transitioned from the tenor repertory into almost exclusively baritone parts , most notably Simon Boccanegra . He has performed 151 different roles . Domingo has also achieved significant success as a crossover artist , especially in the genres of Latin and popular music . In addition to winning fourteen Grammy and Latin Grammy Awards , several of his records have gone silver , gold , platinum and multi-platinum . His first pop album , Perhaps Love ( 1981 ) , spread his fame beyond the opera world . The title song , performed as a duet with country and folk singer John Denver , has sold almost four million copies and helped lead to numerous television appearances for the tenor . He also starred in many cinematically released and televised opera movies , particularly under the direction of Franco Zeffirelli . In 1990 , he began singing with fellow tenors Luciano Pavarotti and José Carreras as part of The Three Tenors . The first Three Tenors recording became the best-selling classical album of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/37th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 37th Annual Grammy Awards were presented on March 1 , 1995 , at Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Bruce Springsteen was the night 's biggest winner with 4 awards , including Song of the Year while opening the show with his Grammy nominated hit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden_at_the_2006_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Sweden sent 112 athletes to the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin trying to win their first gold medal since the 1994 Olympics in Lillehammer . A total of 99 athletes were selected , and they competed in nine of the fifteen Winter Olympic sports . When the medals were summed up , Sweden had managed seven gold medals , two silver and five bronze , making it Sweden 's best result ever in the Winter Olympics in terms of both medals and gold medals earned , and gave Sweden a 6th place in the medal table ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madrid", "text": "Madrid ( /məˈdrɪd/ , Spanish : [ maˈðɾið ] ) [ n. 1 ] is the capital and most populous city of Spain . The city has almost 3.3 million inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.5 million . It is the second-largest city in the European Union ( EU ) , surpassed only by Berlin , and its monocentric metropolitan area is the second-largest in the EU , smaller only than Paris . The municipality covers 604.3 km2 ( 233.3 sq mi ) . Madrid lies on the River Manzanares in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid ( which comprises the city of Madrid , its conurbation and extended suburbs and villages ) ; this community is bordered by the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha . As the capital city of Spain , seat of government , and residence of the Spanish monarch , Madrid is also the political , economic and cultural centre of the country . The current mayor is José Luis Martínez-Almeida from the People 's Party . The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP in the European Union and its influence in politics , education , entertainment , environment , media , fashion , science , culture , and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world 's major global cities . Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs , Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid . Due to its economic output , high standard of living , and market size , Madrid is considered the major financial centre and the leading economic hub of the Iberian Peninsula and of Southern Europe . It hosts the head offices of the vast majority of major Spanish companies , such as Telefónica , IAG or Repsol . Madrid is also the 10th most liveable city in the world according to Monocle magazine , in its 2017 index ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Farquhar", "text": "George Farquhar ( 1677 - 29 April 1707 ) was an Irish dramatist . He is noted for his contributions to late Restoration comedy , particularly for his plays The Recruiting Officer ( 1706 ) and The Beaux ' Stratagem ( 1707 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IATA_airport_code", "text": "An IATA airport code , also known as an IATA location identifier , IATA station code or simply a location identifier , is a three-letter geocode designating many airports and metropolitan areas around the world , defined by the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) . The characters prominently displayed on baggage tags attached at airport check-in desks are an example of a way these codes are used . The assignment of these codes is governed by IATA Resolution 763 , and it is administered by the IATA 's headquarters in Montreal . The codes are published semi-annually in the IATA Airline Coding Directory . IATA also provides codes for railway stations and for airport handling entities . A list of airports sorted by IATA code is available . A list of railway station codes , shared in agreements between airlines and rail lines such as Amtrak , SNCF French Railways , and Deutsche Bahn , is available . Many railway administrations have their own list of codes for their stations , such as the list of Amtrak station codes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shooting", "text": "Shooting is the act or process of discharging a projectile from a ranged weapon ( such as a gun , slingshot , crossbow , or bow ) . Even the acts of launching/discharging artillery , darts , grenades , rockets and guided missiles can be considered acts of shooting . When using a firearm , the act of shooting is often called firing as it involves initiating a combustion process ( deflagration ) . Shooting can take place in a shooting range or in the field , in shooting sports , hunting or in combat . The person involved in the shooting activity is called a shooter . A skilled , accurate shooter is a marksman or sharpshooter , and a person 's level of shooting proficiency is referred to as their marksmanship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/JetBlue_Park_at_Fenway_South", "text": "JetBlue Park at Fenway South ( or informally JetBlue Park ) is a baseball park in Fort Myers , Florida , part of the Fenway South training and development facility . Opened in March 2012 , it is primarily the spring training home of the Boston Red Sox , replacing earlier separated facilities at City of Palms Park and Boston 's former ( 1993-2011 ) minor league complex , also located in downtown Fort Myers . The naming rights were purchased by JetBlue , an airline with major operations at Boston 's Logan International Airport since 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grammy_Awards_of_1997", "text": "The 39th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 26 , 1997 , at Madison Square Garden , New York City . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Babyface was the night 's biggest winner , with 4 awards . Celine Dion and Toni Braxton won two awards . Celine Dion for Best Pop Album and Album of the Year and Toni Braxton for Best Female R & B Vocal Performance and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance . The show was hosted by Ellen Degeneres who also performed the opening with Shawn Colvin , Bonnie Rait , and Chaka Khan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992_in_film", "text": "The year 1992 in film involved many significant film releases ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jessica_Alba", "text": "Jessica Marie Alba ( /ˈælbə/ ; born April 28 , 1981 ) is an American actress and businesswoman . She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in Camp Nowhere and The Secret World of Alex Mack ( 1994 ) , but rose to prominence at 19 , as the lead actress of the television series Dark Angel ( 2000-2002 ) , for which she received a Golden Globe nomination . Her big screen breakthrough came in Honey ( 2003 ) . She soon established herself as a Hollywood actress , and has starred in numerous box office hits throughout her career , including Fantastic Four ( 2005 ) , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer ( 2007 ) , Good Luck Chuck ( 2007 ) , The Eye ( 2008 ) , Valentine 's Day ( 2010 ) , Little Fockers ( 2010 ) , and Mechanic : Resurrection ( 2016 ) . She is a frequent collaborator of director Robert Rodriguez , having starred in Sin City ( 2005 ) , Machete ( 2010 ) , Spy Kids : All the Time in the World ( 2011 ) , Machete Kills ( 2013 ) , and Sin City : A Dame to Kill For ( 2014 ) . Since 2019 , Alba stars in the Spectrum action crime series L.A. 's Finest . Alba co-founded The Honest Company , a consumer goods company that sells baby , personal and household products . Magazines including Men 's Health , Vanity Fair and FHM have included her on their lists of the world 's most beautiful women ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crinum_asiaticum", "text": "Crinum asiaticum , commonly known as poison bulb , giant crinum lily , grand crinum lily , spider lily , is a plant species widely planted in many warmer regions as an ornamental . It is a bulb-forming perennial producing an umbel of large , showy flowers that are prized by gardeners . All parts of the plant are , however , poisonous if ingested . Some reports indicate exposure to the sap may cause skin irritation . Crinum asiaticum is native to Indian Ocean islands , East Asia , tropical Asia , Australia and Pacific islands . It is regarded as naturalized in Mexico , the West Indies , Florida , Louisiana , numerous Pacific islands , Madagascar and the Chagos Archipelago ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mandela_Challenge_Plate", "text": "The Nelson Mandela Challenge Plate is a rugby union trophy contested between Australia and South Africa . It is named after South Africa 's first post-apartheid president , Nelson Mandela . Initially designed to be held every two years , the trophy was first contested as a one-off match in 2000 , with Australia winning the game 44-23 at Melbourne 's Docklands Stadium . The second , played in Ellis Park , Johannesburg in 2002 , was also South Africa 's home game in the Tri Nations , and was won 33-31 by South Africa . The 2004 event , delayed until 2005 , was played over two legs , and was not part of the Tri Nations . Since South Africa were the holders , Australia needed to win both games to reclaim the trophy . Australia won the first game 30-12 , but lost the return leg at Ellis Park , 33-20 . Between 2006 and 2011 , with the expansion of the Tri Nations series so that each country plays each other three times , the plate was contested over three Tests , akin to the Bledisloe Cup , with the exception of 2007 and 2011 , when teams only played 4 games each , to accommodate for the Rugby World Cups in those years . In 2012 , the Tri Nations was expanded to include Argentina and the competition was renamed The Rugby Championship . The teams now play each other twice , and the challengers are required to beat the holders in both games to win the plate . The trophy is a leather-clad silver plate containing a 24 carat ( 100% ) rim , and a central gold disk showing a Wallaby and a Springbok ( the icons of the two teams ) . It was designed by Flynn Silver , an Australian family company from Kyneton , Victoria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Merthyr_Tydfil_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Merthyr Tydfil was a parliamentary constituency centred on the town of Merthyr Tydfil in Glamorgan . From 1832 to 1868 it returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , and in 1868 this was increased to two members . The two-member constituency was abolished for the 1918 general election . A single-member constituency ( known as Merthyr ) existed from 1918 until 1945 and , by the 1950 general election , it had been renamed Merthyr Tydfil . The constituency was abolished for the 1983 general election , when it was largely replaced by the new Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1978–79_Iraqi_National_League", "text": "The 1978-79 Iraqi National League was the 5th season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . Al-Zawraa won their third league title in four seasons , and also won the 1978-79 Iraq FA Cup to secure the double , cementing their dominance on Iraqi football . For the third season in a row , the champions of the league did not lose a single match ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Winona,_Minnesota", "text": "Winona is a city in and the county seat of Winona County , in the state of Minnesota . Located in picturesque bluff country on the Mississippi River , its most noticeable physical landmark is Sugar Loaf . The city is named after legendary figure Winona , said to have been the first-born daughter of Chief Wapasha ( Wabasha ) III . The total population of the city was 27,592 at the time of the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delisle_(crater)", "text": "Delisle is a small lunar impact crater in the western part of the Mare Imbrium . It was named after French astronomer Joseph-Nicolas Delisle . It lies to the north of the crater Diophantus , and just to the northwest of the ridge designated Mons Delisle . Between Delisle and Diophantus is a sinuous rille named Rima Diophantus , with a diameter of 150 km . To the northeast is another rille designated Rima Delisle , named after this crater . The rim of Delisle is somewhat polygonal in form and it has a low central rise on the floor . There is some slight slumping along the inner wall , but overall the rim is still relatively fresh with little appearance of significant wear . The outer rim is surrounded by a small rampart of hummocky terrain . This formation has also been designated De l'Isle in some sources ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jagannath_Temple,_Puri", "text": "The Shree Jagannath Temple of Puri is an important Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Jagannath , a form of Vishnu , in Puri in the state of Odisha on the eastern coast of India . The temple is an important pilgrimage destination . The present temple was rebuilt from the 10th century onwards , on the site of an earlier temple , and begun by King Anantavarman Chodaganga Deva , first of the Eastern Ganga dynasty . The Puri temple is famous for its annual Ratha yatra , or chariot festival , in which the three principal deities are pulled on huge and elaborately decorated temple cars . These gave their name to the English term Juggernaut . Unlike the stone and metal icons found in most Hindu temples , the image of Jagannath is made of wood and is ceremoniously replaced every twelve or nineteen years by an exact replica . The temple is sacred to all Hindus and especially in those of the Vaishnava traditions . Many great saints , such as Ramananda and Ramanuja , were closely associated with the temple . Ramanuja established the Emar Mutt near the temple and the Govardhan Mutt , which is the seat of one of the four Shankaracharyas . It is also of particular significance to the followers of the Gaudiya Vaishnavism whose founder Chaitanya Mahaprabhu , was attracted to the deity , Jagannath , and lived in Puri for many years . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Magahi_language", "text": "The Magahi language , also known as Magadhi , is a language spoken in Bihar , Jharkhand and West Bengal states of eastern India . Magadhi Prakrit was the ancestor of Magadhi , from which the latter 's name derives . It has a very rich and old tradition of folk songs and stories . It is spoken in seven districts of Bihar ( Gaya , Patna , Jehanabad , Aurangabad , Nalanda , Sheikhpura , Nawada , Lakhisarai , Arwal ) , seven districts of Jharkhand ( Hazaribag , Chatra , Koderma , Jamtara , Bokaro , Dhanbad , Giridih ) and in West Bengal 's Malda district . There are around 20,700,000 speakers of Magahi language including Khortha which is considered dialect of Magahi . Magahi or Magadhi language derived from the ancient Magadhi Prakrit , which was created in the ancient kingdom of Magadha , the core of which was the area south of the Ganges and east of Son River . It is believed to be the language spoken by Gautama Buddha . It was the official language of the Mauryan court , in which the edicts of Ashoka were composed . The name Magahi is directly derived from the name Magadhi Prakrit , and educated speakers of Magahi prefer to call it Magadhi rather than Magahi . Though the number of speakers in Magahi is large , it has not been constitutionally recognised in India . In Bihar Hindi is the language used for educational and official matters . Magadhi was legally absorbed under Hindi in the 1961 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Moose_Jaw_County", "text": "Moose Jaw County was a provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan , Canada . The district was created as Moose Jaw before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905 . The riding was abolished into the districts of Gravelbourg , Bengough , Notukeu-Willow Bunch , and Milestone before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938 . It was the constituency of Premier Charles Avery Dunning . It is now part of the Thunder Creek , Moose Jaw Wakamow , and Wood River constituencies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norway", "text": "Norway ( Norwegian : Norge ( Bokmål ) or Noreg ( Nynorsk ) ; Northern Sami : Norga ; Lule Sami : Vuodna ; Southern Sami : Nöörje ) , officially the Kingdom of Norway , is a Nordic country in Northwestern Europe whose territory comprises the western and northernmost portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula ; the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard are also part of the Kingdom of Norway . [ note 2 ] The sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island is a dependent territory and thus not considered part of the kingdom . Norway also lays claim to the Antarctic territories of Queen Maud Land and Peter I Island . Norway has a total area of 385,207 square kilometres ( 148,729 sq mi ) and a population of 5,312,300 ( as of August 2018 ) . The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden ( 1,619 km or 1,006 mi long ) . Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east , and the Skagerrak strait to the south , with Denmark on the other side . Norway has an extensive coastline , facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea . The maritime influence also dominates Norway 's climate with mild lowland temperatures on the sea coasts , whereas the interior , while colder , is also a lot milder than areas elsewhere in the world on such northerly latitudes . Even during polar night in the north , temperatures above freezing are commonplace on the coastline . The maritime influence brings high rainfall and snowfall to some areas of the country . Harald V of the House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway . Erna Solberg has been prime minister since 2013 when she replaced Jens Stoltenberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Phillies", "text": "The Philadelphia Phillies are an American professional baseball team based in Philadelphia . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member of the National League ( NL ) East division . Since 2004 , the team 's home stadium has been Citizens Bank Park , located in South Philadelphia . The Phillies are the oldest , continuous , one-name , one-city franchise in American professional sports . The Phillies have won two World Series championships ( against the Kansas City Royals in 1980 and the Tampa Bay Rays in 2008 ) and seven National League pennants , the first of which came in 1915 . Since the first modern World Series was played in 1903 , the Phillies played 77 consecutive seasons ( and 97 seasons from the club 's establishment ) before they won their first World Series - longer than any of the other 16 teams that made up the major leagues for the first half of the 20th century . They are one of the more successful franchises since the start of the Divisional Era in Major League Baseball . The Phillies have won 11 division titles , including five consecutive division titles from 2007 to 2011 ; these are ranked sixth among all teams and fourth in the National League . The franchise was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 , replacing the team from Worcester , Massachusetts , in the National League . The team has played at several stadiums in the city , beginning with Recreation Park and continuing at Baker Bowl ; Shibe Park , which was later renamed Connie Mack Stadium in honor of the longtime Philadelphia Athletics manager ; Veterans Stadium , and now Citizens Bank Park . The team 's spring training facilities are located in Clearwater , Florida , where its Class-A minor league affiliate Clearwater Threshers plays at Spectrum Field . Other Class-A affiliates are the Lakewood BlueClaws , who play in Lakewood , New Jersey , and the Williamsport Crosscutters , who play in Williamsport , Pennsylvania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Copenhagen", "text": "Copenhagen [ a ] ( Danish : København [ kʰøpm̩ˈhau̯ˀn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and most populous city of Denmark . As of 1 January 2020 , the city had a population of 794,128 , 632,340 in Copenhagen Municipality , 104,305 in Frederiksberg Municipality , 42,989 in Tårnby Municipality , and 14,494 in Dragør Municipality . It forms the core of the wider urban area of Copenhagen ( population 1,320,629 ) and the Copenhagen metropolitan area ( population 2,557,737 ) . Copenhagen is situated on the eastern coast of the island of Zealand ; another small portion of the city is located on Amager , and it is separated from Malmø , Sweden , by the strait of Øresund . The Øresund Bridge connects the two cities by rail and road . Originally a Viking fishing village established in the 10th century in the vicinity of what is now Gammel Strand , Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark in the early 15th century . Beginning in the 17th century it consolidated its position as a regional centre of power with its institutions , defences and armed forces . During the renaissance the city served as the de facto capital being the seat of government of the Kalmar Union , governing the entire present day Nordic region in a personal union with Sweden and Norway ruled by the Danish monarch serving as the head of state . The city flourished as the cultural and economic center of Scandinavia under the union for well over 120 years , starting in the 15th century up until the beginning of the 16th century when the union was dissolved with Sweden leaving the union through a rebellion . After a plague outbreak and fire in the 18th century , the city underwent a period of redevelopment . This included construction of the prestigious district of Frederiksstaden and founding of such cultural institutions as the Royal Theatre and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts . After further disasters in the early 19th century when Horatio Nelson attacked the Dano-Norwegian fleet and bombarded the city , rebuilding during the Danish Golden Age brought a Neoclassical look to Copenhagen 's architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dueodde_Lighthouse", "text": "The Dueodde Lighthouse ( Danish : Dueodde Fyr ) is located on the Danish island of Bornholm . It was built during the years 1960-62 and commissioned on 15 August 1962 . It is 47 m ( 154 ft ) in height , with a focal height of 48 m ( 157 ft ) . It is the nodal point of the southeast coast line , warning ships to keep away from the extreme southern tip of the island . Dueodde Lighthouse is Denmark 's tallest lighthouse and one of the most important lighthouses of the Baltic Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netherlands", "text": "The Netherlands ( Dutch : Nederland , [ ˈneːdərlɑnt ] ( listen ) ) , informally Holland , is a country in Northwestern Europe with some overseas territories in the Caribbean . In Europe , it consists of 12 provinces that border Germany to the east , Belgium to the south , and the North Sea to the northwest , with maritime borders in the North Sea with those countries and the United Kingdom . Together with the Caribbean Netherlands - Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba - it forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . The official language is Dutch and a secondary official language in the province of Friesland is West Frisian . In the north and east of the country , Low Saxon is also spoken , and in the southeast , Limburgish . In the Caribbean Netherlands English and Papiamento are recognised languages . The five largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague , Utrecht and Eindhoven . Amsterdam is the country 's most populous city and nominal capital , while The Hague holds the seat of the States General , Cabinet and Supreme Court . The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest seaport in Europe , and the busiest in any country outside Asia . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the busiest airport in the Netherlands , and the third busiest in Europe . The country is a founding member of the EU , Eurozone , G10 , NATO , OECD and WTO , as well as a part of the Schengen Area and the trilateral Benelux Union . It hosts several intergovernmental organisations and international courts , many of which are centered in The Hague , which is consequently dubbed 'the world 's legal capital ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlanta_Braves", "text": "The Atlanta Braves are an American professional baseball team based in the Atlanta metropolitan area . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . The team played its home games at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium from 1966 to 1996 , and at Turner Field from 1997 to 2016 . Since 2017 , their home stadium has been Truist Park ( formerly SunTrust Park ) , located 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of downtown Atlanta in Cobb County , Georgia . The Braves play spring training games at CoolToday Park in North Port , Florida . The name Braves , which was first used in 1912 , originates from a term for a Native American warrior . They are nicknamed the Bravos , and often referred to as America 's Team in reference to the team 's games being broadcast on the nationally available TBS from the 1970s until 2007 , giving the team a nationwide fan base . From 1991 to 2005 , the Braves were one of the most successful teams in baseball , winning division titles an unprecedented 14 consecutive times ( omitting the strike-shortened 1994 season in which there were no official division champions ) , and producing one of the greatest pitching rotations in the history of baseball . Most notably , this rotation consisted of pitchers Greg Maddux , John Smoltz , and Tom Glavine . Pitcher Steve Avery also was a significant contributor to the rotation during the period of 1991-1993 . The Braves won the National League West division from 1991 to 1993 , and after divisional realignment , the National League East division from 1995 to 2005 . They returned to the playoffs as the National League Wild Card in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/News", "text": "News is information about current events . This may be provided through many different media : word of mouth , printing , postal systems , broadcasting , electronic communication , or through the testimony of observers and witnesses to events . Common topics for news reports include war , government , politics , education , health , the environment , economy , business , fashion , and entertainment , as well as athletic events , quirky or unusual events . Government proclamations , concerning royal ceremonies , laws , taxes , public health , and criminals , have been dubbed news since ancient times . Humans exhibit a nearly universal desire to learn and share news , which they satisfy by talking to each other and sharing information . Technological and social developments , often driven by government communication and espionage networks , have increased the speed with which news can spread , as well as influenced its content . The genre of news as we know it today is closely associated with the newspaper , which originated in China as a court bulletin and spread , with paper and printing press , to Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hank_Jones", "text": "Henry Jones Jr. ( July 31 , 1918 - May 16 , 2010 ) , best known as Hank Jones , was an American jazz pianist , bandleader , arranger , and composer . Critics and musicians described Jones as eloquent , lyrical , and impeccable . In 1989 , The National Endowment for the Arts honored him with the NEA Jazz Masters Award . He was also honored in 2003 with the American Society of Composers , Authors , and Publishers ( ASCAP ) Jazz Living Legend Award . In 2008 , he was awarded the National Medal of Arts . On April 13 , 2009 , the University of Hartford presented Jones with an honorary Doctorate of Music for his musical accomplishments . Jones recorded more than 60 albums under his own name , and countless others as a sideman , including Cannonball Adderley 's celebrated album Somethin ' Else . On May 19 , 1962 , he played piano as actress Marilyn Monroe sang her famous Happy Birthday , Mr. President song to then U.S. president John F. Kennedy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skeleton_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The skeleton competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Sliding Centre . The events were held between the 18 and 19 February 2010 . This event was expanded to four runs over two days beginning at these Olympic Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abbey_St_Bathans", "text": "Abbey St Bathans is a parish in the Lammermuir district of Berwickshire , in the eastern part of the Scottish Borders . Unique in its topography , it is situated in a long winding steep wooded valley that follows the Whiteadder Water . The parish had a population of 106 at the 2011 Census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Helston", "text": "Helston ( Cornish : Hellys ) is a town and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is situated at the northern end of the Lizard Peninsula approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) east of Penzance and 9 miles ( 14 km ) south-west of Falmouth . Helston is the most southerly town on the island of Great Britain and is around 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) farther south than Penzance . The population in 2011 was 11,700 . The former stannary and cattle market town is best known for the annual Furry Dance ( known locally as the Flora Dance ) , said to originate from the medieval period . However , the Hal-an-Tow is reputed to be of Celtic origin . The associated song and music , The Floral Dance , is known to have been written in 1911 . In 2001 , the town celebrated the 800th anniversary of the granting of its Charter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Joey_Dorsey", "text": "Richard Elmer Joey Dorsey ( born December 16 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball player for Syntainics MBC of the Basketball Bundesliga . He played college basketball for the University of Memphis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jo_Frost", "text": "Joanne Frost ( born 27 June 1970 or 27 June 1971 ) ( sources differ ) is an English television personality , nanny and author . She is best known for the reality television programme Supernanny UK , in which she was the central figure . The show first aired in the United Kingdom in 2004 and she has branched off into several other reality shows in the United Kingdom , United States and the Netherlands . Family S.O.S . with Jo Frost addressed issues such as addiction and abuse . Family Matters is a talk show . She has written six books on child care ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Georgia_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Georgia Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Georgia in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is directed Greenwood Productions under the ownership of Miss Tennessee USA 1989 Kim Greenwood . The pageant is hosted on McDonough , Georgia . Georgia is in the top 5 most successful states at Miss Teen USA in terms of number and value of placements . Despite this , like their sister pageant , Miss Georgia USA , they have never won the competition despite having placed 2nd , 3rd , 4th , and 5th as well as several finalist and semi-finalist spots . They have never won any of the main awards , but did win Style awards in 1999 and 2000 . Four Georgia teens later won the Miss Georgia USA crown , and two others won the Miss Indiana USA and Miss Virginia USA titles , respectively . Kelly Jerles , the first Miss Georgia Teen USA , became the first Teen titleholder to compete at Miss America , representing Georgia in 1987 . Another Georgia teen also competed for Alabama at that pageant . Shayla Jackson of Valdosta was crowned Miss Georgia Teen USA 2020 on November 23 , 2019 at Henry County Performing Arts Center Theatre in McDonough . She will represent Georgia for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iona_Preparatory_School", "text": "Iona Preparatory School ( commonly known as Iona Prep ) is an independent , Roman Catholic , all-male , college preparatory school located in the north end of New Rochelle , New York , in suburban Westchester County . Iona Prep consists of the Upper School for Grades 9 through 12 and the Lower School ( formerly Iona Grammar School ) for Grades kindergarten through eighth grade . The primary and secondary schools are located on separate and nearby campuses less than a mile apart on Stratton Road . Named for the Scottish island of Iona , the school was founded in 1916 by the Congregation of Christian Brothers . Iona is a privately owned independent school without parochial affiliation and is located within the Archdiocese of New York . Iona Prep is the brother school to local Catholic girls ' school The Ursuline School . It shares a history with nearby Iona College , which was founded 24 years after the Prep in 1940 . The Prep and college shared a common campus at 715 North Avenue until the Upper School completed the move in 1968 to its fifth and final home on a 27-acre campus at 255 Wilmot Road . It includes the formerly separate K-8 Iona Grammar School , now the Iona Prep Lower School , which is located on a separate campus of 10 acres . As of 2015 , Iona Prep has an enrollment of 979 students , 771 in the Upper School and 208 in the Lower School . The Iona Prep Upper School maintains a student dress code that includes a dress shirt and tie with a blazer and dress slacks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FLCL", "text": "FLCL ( Japanese : フリクリ , Hepburn : Furi Kuri , pronounced in English as Fooly Cooly ) is an original video animation ( OVA ) anime series written by Yōji Enokido , directed by Kazuya Tsurumaki , and produced by the FLCL Production Committee , which consisted of Gainax , Production I.G , and King Records . FLCL is a story following Naota Nandaba , a twelve-year-old boy whose suburban life is disturbed by the arrival of the alien woman Haruko Haruhara . The six-episode series was released in Japan from April 2000 to March 2001 alongside a manga and novel . It originally aired in the United States on Adult Swim in August 2003 , where it managed to gain a significant cult following and was widely acclaimed , despite its short length . It aired in the U.S. again in the next years and later also on the network 's Toonami block from October 2013 to January 2014 , and then again in April 2018 . The series is also available via iTunes , Adult Swim.com and Funimation 's website . In 2016 , two new seasons totaling 12 episodes were announced as a co-production between Production I.G , Toho , and Adult Swim . The second season , FLCL Progressive , premiered on June 2 , 2018 on Adult Swim 's Toonami block , while the third and final season , FLCL Alternative , premiered on September 8 , 2018 . In Japan , Alternative and Progressive had theatrical screenings with Alternative opening on September 7 , 2018 and Progressive opening on September 28 , 2018 . The first episode of FLCL Alternative unexpectedly premiered on April Fool 's Day 2018 at midnight on Toonami in Japanese with English subtitles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rieti", "text": "Rieti ( Italian : [ ˈrjɛːti ] ; Latin : Reate , Sabino : Riete ) is a city and comune in Lazio , central Italy , with a population of 47,700 . It is the capital of province of Rieti and see of the diocese of Rieti , as well as the modern capital of the Sabina region . The town centre stands on a small hilltop , commanding from the southern edge the wide Rieti valley , at the bottom of the Sabine hills and of monti Reatini , including mount Terminillo . The plain was once a large lake , drained by the ancient Romans , and is now the fertile basin of the Velino River . Only the small Ripasottile and Lungo lakes remain of the larger original ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Center_for_Naval_Analyses", "text": "CNA , formerly known as the CNA Corporation , is a nonprofit research and analysis organization based in Arlington County , Virginia . CNA has around 625 employees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montérégie", "text": "Montérégie ( French pronunciation : ​ [ mɔ̃teʁeʒi ] ) is an administrative region in the southwest part of Quebec . It includes the cities of Boucherville , Brossard , Granby , Longueuil , Salaberry-de-Valleyfield , Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu , Saint-Hyacinthe , Sorel-Tracy , and Vaudreuil-Dorion . The region had a population of 1,507,070 as of the 2016 census and a land area of 11,132.34 square kilometres ( 4,298.22 sq mi ) , giving it a population density of 135.4 inhabitants/km2 . With approximately 18.5% of the province 's population , it is the second most populous region of Quebec after Montreal . The majority of the population lives near the Saint Lawrence River , on the south shore of Montreal . Montérégie is known for its vineyards , orchards , panoramas , delicious products , and the Monteregian mountains . The region is both urban ( second in terms of population in Quebec ) and rural . The regional economy is based on agriculture and the production of goods and services . Tourism also makes up a significant portion of the economy . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Grogan_(UK_politician)", "text": "John Timothy Grogan ( born 24 February 1961 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Selby between 1997 and 2010 and for Keighley between 2017 and 2019 . He is currently chair of the Mongolian-British Chamber of Commerce ( MBCC ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Lost_Symbol", "text": "The Lost Symbol is a 2009 novel written by American writer Dan Brown . It is a thriller set in Washington , D.C. , after the events of The Da Vinci Code , and relies on Freemasonry for both its recurring theme and its major characters . Released on September 15 , 2009 , it is the third Brown novel to involve the character of Harvard University symbologist Robert Langdon , following 2000 's Angels & Demons and 2003 's The Da Vinci Code . It had a first printing of 6.5 million ( 5 million in North America , 1.5 million in the UK ) , the largest in Doubleday history . On its first day the book sold one million in hardcover and e-book versions in the U.S. , the UK and Canada , making it the fastest selling adult novel in history . It was number one on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover fiction for the first six weeks of its release , and remained on the list for 29 weeks . As of January 2013 , there were 30 million copies in print worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellingham_Roller_Betties", "text": "The Bellingham Roller Betties is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Bellingham , Washington . Founded in 2006 , Bellingham is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piñones_State_Forest", "text": "Piñones State Forest , in Spanish : Bosque Estatal de Piñones , and named after the Pinyon pine is an ecological , timberland , forest near one of the longest beaches in Puerto Rico . It is located in the municipality of Loíza ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WBPE_(FM)", "text": "WBPE ( 95.3 FM , 95.3 BOB FM ) is a radio station in Lafayette , Indiana , owned by Star City Broadcasting ( a joint venture between Waypoint Media and Vision Communications ) as part of a cluster with Fox/NBC affiliate WPBI-LD , ABC affiliate WPBY-LD , and sister radio stations WSHY , WYCM and WAZY-FM . The station 's studios are located at 3824 South 18th Street in Lafayette ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2021_NHL_Winter_Classic", "text": "The 2021 NHL Winter Classic is an upcoming outdoor regular season National Hockey League ( NHL ) game , part of the Winter Classic series that is scheduled for January 1 , 2021 . The game will feature the Minnesota Wild hosting a team to be named later at Target Field in Minneapolis , Minnesota . The league announced the game exactly one year earlier on January 1 , 2020 . The league had previously contemplated Target Field as a host for a Winter Classic game , touring the stadium both in 2018 and 2019 , and observing how the area hosted the 2019 NCAA Final Four . This will be the Wild 's second outdoor game after hosting the 2016 NHL Stadium Series against the Chicago Blackhawks at TCF Bank Stadium . The game will be broadcast by NBC ; it is the last Winter Classic in the network 's broadcast contract , which expires at the end of the 2020-21 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susan_Humphreys", "text": "Susan Anne Humphreys ( born October 30 , 1975 in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater . She is the 1997 Canadian national champion and competed at the 1994 Winter Olympics . She now resides in Edmonton , Alberta and has three children . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Noah_Billingsley", "text": "Noah Billingsley ( born 6 August 1997 ) , is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays as a fullback for Minnesota United FC and the New Zealand national football team . Billingsley made New Zealand football history when he scored New Zealand 's first ever goal at a Men 's U-20 World Cup in the teams 5-1 win over Myanmar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Owen", "text": "Michael James Owen ( born 14 December 1979 ) is an English former footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool , Real Madrid , Newcastle United , Manchester United and Stoke City , as well as for the England national team . Since retiring from football in 2013 , he has become a racehorse breeder and owner and regularly features as a sports pundit and commentator . The son of former footballer Terry Owen , Owen was born in Chester and began his senior career at Liverpool in 1996 . He progressed through the Liverpool youth team and scored on his debut in May 1997 . In his first full season in the Premier League , he finished as joint top scorer with 18 goals . He repeated this the following year and was Liverpool 's top goal-scorer from 1997-2004 , gaining his name as a proven goal-scorer despite suffering from a recurring hamstring injury . In 2001 , Liverpool won a cup treble of the UEFA Cup , FA Cup and Football League Cup , and Owen was the recipient of the Ballon d'Or . He went on to score 118 goals in 216 appearances in the Premier League for Liverpool , and 158 goals in 297 total appearances . Regarded as one of the greatest Liverpool players , Owen came 14th in the 100 Players Who Shook The Kop , an official Liverpool fan poll . In 2004 , Owen was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world 's greatest living players . Owen moved to Real Madrid for £8 million in mid-2004 ; he was frequently used as a substitute . He scored 13 goals in La Liga before returning to England the following season where he joined Newcastle United for £16.8 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solana,_Cagayan", "text": "Solana , ( Ibanag : Ili nat Solana ; Ilocano : Ili ti Solana ; Tagalog : Bayan ng Solana ) , officially the Municipality of Solana , is a 1st class municipality in the province of Cagayan , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 82,502 people . The Awidon Mesa Formationa Paleolithic Sites of the municipality , along with the Callao Limestone Formation Paleolithic Sites neighboring Penablanca , are included in the tentative list of the Philippines for future UNESCO World Heritage Site inscription under the name of Paleolithic Archaeological Sites in Cagayan Valley . The Awidon Mesa Formation has at least 68 Paleolithic sites which yielded stone tools and fossils of extinct animals that include stegodons , elephants , rhinoceros , and large tortoise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shahrulnizam_Mustapa", "text": "Shahrulnizam Mustapa ( born 2 April 1981 in Ipoh , Perak ) , also known as Arul , is a retired Malaysian footballer who last played for Felcra . He formerly played for Malaysia national team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dragnet_1967", "text": "Dragnet is an American television series . It ran for three and 1/2 seasons , from January 12 , 1967 to April 16 , 1970 . To differentiate it from the earlier Dragnet series , the year in which each season ended was made part of the on-screen title ; i.e. , the series started as Dragnet 1967 and ended as Dragnet 1970 . The entire series aired Thursdays at 9:30-10:00 pm ( EST ) and was directed by Jack Webb . All four seasons of this series have been released on DVD ; Season 1 ( Dragnet 1967 ) by Universal Studios Home Entertainment , and seasons 2 ( 1968 ) , 3 ( 1969 ) and 4 ( 1970 ) by Shout ! Factory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_Chinese_Super_League", "text": "The 2009 Chinese Super League season was the sixth season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League , the sixteenth season of a professional football league and the 48th top-tier league season in China . Beijing Guoan won their first ever Chinese Super League title . The events during the 2008 season saw Liaoning relegated and Wuhan withdrawn . They were replaced by the promoted teams Jiangsu Sainty and Chongqing Lifan . Zhejiang Greentown which is located in Hangzhou , Zhejiang were renamed to Hangzhou Greentown . Each team is allowed to register a maximum of five foreign players and field four of them in starting line-up this season , one of whom must be from an AFC country . The league title sponsor is Italian tire manufacturer Pirelli . A three-year deal was announced on March 20 , 2009 . Nike have renewed sponsorship deal with Super League before season starts . CCTV , SMG and Sina became league partners and will broadcast live matches on TV and online across the country ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Celebrity_Fit_Club_(U.S._TV_series)", "text": "Celebrity Fit Club is a reality television series which followed eight overweight celebrities as they tried to lose weight . This show is based on the homonymous British version , which aired on the ITV Network from 2002 until 2006 . The American version was executive produced by Richard Hall for Granada , in seasons 2-5 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fairlop_tube_station", "text": "Fairlop is a London Underground station in Fairlop in east London , England , which is on the Central line of the London Underground . It has been in Travelcard Zone 4 since 2 January 2007 . It is on the north side of Forest Road , in Fairlop , just north of Barkingside ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cedric_Simmons", "text": "Cedric Simmons ( born January 3 , 1986 ) is an American-born Bulgarian professional basketball player for SeaHorses Mikawa in Japan . He was born in the United States , but also holds Bulgarian citizenship , and has played for the senior men 's Bulgarian national basketball team . A 6 ft 9 in ( 2.06 m ) -tall power forward-center , Simmons was selected by the New Orleans Hornets , in the first round ( 15th overall pick ) of the 2006 NBA draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2015 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 20-24 . The top eight regular season finishers of the conference 's twelve teams , regardless of division , met in the double-elimination tournament held at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon , Ohio . The Ohio Bobcats won the tournament and earned the conference 's automatic bid to the 2015 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Clueless_episodes", "text": "This is a list of episodes of the 1996-1999 ABC/UPN sitcom Clueless . A total of 62 episodes were produced spanning 3 seasons airing from September 20 , 1996 to May 25 , 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nirmala_Devi_(wrestler)", "text": "Nirmla Devi is a woman wrestler from India who won silver medal in women 's wrestling in the 48 kg freestyle category at the 2010 Commonwealth Games . She was born to Ishwar singh and Kitabo Devi . Nirmala is the eldest of Ishwar Singh 's five children . Poonam , the youngest , is also a wrestler . Nirmala took up wrestling seriously in 2001 and then went on to win the national championship in the same year . She hails from Hisar district in Haryana and works for Haryana Police . She became a Sub -inspector in 2007 after receiving a gold medal at the Commonwealth Championships in Canada . She also won a gold medal in international wrestling in Spain in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kim_Dickens", "text": "Kimberly Jan Dickens ( born June 18 , 1965 ) is an American actress . Her film debut was a supporting role in the 1995 comedy film Palookaville . Dickens had lead roles in the films Truth or Consequences , N.M. ( 1997 ) , Zero Effect , and Mercury Rising ( both 1998 ) . She had several supporting roles in films , such as Hollow Man ( 2000 ) , House of Sand and Fog ( 2003 ) , The Blind Side ( 2009 ) , Gone Girl ( 2014 ) , and Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children ( 2016 ) . On television , Dickens had regular roles in the drama series Deadwood ( 2004-2006 ; 2019 ) , Treme ( 2010-2013 ) , and House of Cards ( 2015-2017 ) . She starred as Madison Clark on the AMC horror drama series Fear the Walking Dead ( 2015-2018 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canoeing_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics", "text": "Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held at the Sydney International Regatta Centre for the sprint events and the Whitewater Stadium in Penrith for the canoe and kayak slalom disciplines . The repechage rounds that ran from the 1960 to the 1996 Games were eliminated in the sprint events while qualifying rounds were added to the slalom events . Additionally , a quota system for each event was enacted , meaning each event had a limited number of competitors that could compete . A total of 16 events were contested , 12 sprint events ( 9 for men and 3 for women ) and 4 slalom events ( 3 for men and 1 for women ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isle_of_Anglesey", "text": "Anglesey ( /ˈæŋɡəlsiː/ ; Welsh : Ynys Môn [ ˈənɨs ˈmoːn ] ) is an island off the north-west coast of Wales . It forms the principal area ( as Isle of Anglesey ) and historic county of that name , which includes Holy Island to the west and some islets and skerries . Anglesey island , at 260 square miles ( 673 km2 ) , is by far the largest island in Wales , seventh largest in the British Isles , largest in the Irish Sea and second most populous after the Isle of Man . The local-government area of Isle of Anglesey County Council measures 276 square miles ( 715 km2 ) , , with a 2011 census population of 69,751 , of whom 13,659 live on Holy Island . The Menai Strait between Anglesey and mainland Wales is spanned by the Menai Suspension Bridge , designed by Thomas Telford in 1826 , and the Britannia Bridge , built in 1850 and replaced in 1980 . The largest town is Holyhead , where the port handles over 2 million passengers a year with Ireland . The next largest is Llangefni , seat of the county council . From 1974 to 1996 Anglesey was run as part of Gwynedd . Most Anglesey inhabitants are Welsh speakers . The name Ynys Môn is used for the UK Parliament and National Assembly constituencies . The island forms the LL postcode area ( LL58-LL78 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCET", "text": "KCET , virtual and UHF digital channel 28 , is a secondary Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station licensed to Los Angeles , California , United States . Owned by the Public Media Group of Southern California , it is sister to Huntington Beach-licensed primary PBS member KOCE-TV ( channel 50 ) . The two stations share studios at The Pointe ( on West Alameda Avenue and Bob Hope Drive , between The Burbank Studios and Walt Disney Studios complexes ) in Burbank ; KCET 's transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson in the San Gabriel Mountains ( north of Sierra Madre ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alessandro_Ballan", "text": "Alessandro Ballan ( born 6 November 1979 in Castelfranco Veneto , Veneto ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer who most recently rode for UCI World Tour team . He is best known for winning the World Road Race Championships , in 2008 . Although he possesses a frame that is usually more associated with climbing , Ballan has established himself as a leading spring classics contender in recent years . His nickname , Bontempino , is a diminutive reference to Guido Bontempi , to whom he bears a resemblance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emeritus_Professor", "text": "Emeritus ( male ) /Emerita ( female ) ( ) , in its current usage , is an adjective used to designate a retired chairperson , professor , pastor , bishop , pope , director , president , prime minister , rabbi , emperor , or other person who has been permitted to retain as an honorary title the rank of the last office held . Like the Romance languages derived from it , Latin contains many words that are gender-specific ; emeritus is used for a male , emerita for a female . In some cases , the term is conferred automatically upon all persons who retire at a given rank , but in others , it remains a mark of distinguished service , awarded only to a few on retirement . It is also used when a person of distinction in a profession retires or hands over the position , enabling their former rank to be retained in their title , e.g. , professor emeritus . The term emeritus does not necessarily signify that a person has relinquished all the duties of their former position , and they may continue to exercise some of them ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rapid_City,_South_Dakota", "text": "Rapid City ( Lakota : Mni Lúzahaŋ Otȟúŋwahe ; Swift Water City ) is the second most populous city in South Dakota in the USA and the county seat of Pennington County . Named after Rapid Creek , where the settlement developed , it is in the western part of the state , located on the eastern slope of the Black Hills mountain range . The population was 67,956 as of the 2010 Census . Known as the Gateway to the Black Hills due to its location and the City of Presidents because of the life-size bronze president statues located downtown , Rapid City is split by a low mountain ridge that divides the western and eastern parts of the city . Ellsworth Air Force Base is located on the outskirts of the city . Camp Rapid , a part of the South Dakota Army National Guard , is located in the western part of the city . Rapid City is home to such popular attractions as Art Alley , Dinosaur Park , the City of Presidents walking tour , Chapel in the Hills , Storybook Island , Main Street Square , and more . The historic Old West town of Deadwood is nearby . In the neighboring Black Hills are the tourist attractions of Mount Rushmore , the Crazy Horse Memorial , Custer State Park , Wind Cave National Park , Jewel Cave National Monument , the museum at the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research , and to the east of the city is Badlands National Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Rudd", "text": "Paul Stephen Rudd ( born April 6 , 1969 ) is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter , and producer . He studied theater at the University of Kansas and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts before making his acting debut in 1992 with NBC 's drama series Sisters . Rudd 's films include Clueless ( 1995 ) , Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) , Wet Hot American Summer ( 2001 ) , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy ( 2004 ) , The 40-Year-Old Virgin ( 2005 ) , Knocked Up ( 2007 ) , This Is 40 ( 2012 ) , Mute ( 2018 ) , and Ideal Home ( 2018 ) . He also has played Ant-Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , appearing in Ant-Man ( 2015 ) , Captain America : Civil War ( 2016 ) , Ant-Man and the Wasp ( 2018 ) , and Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) . In addition to his film career , Rudd has appeared in numerous television shows , including the NBC sitcom Friends as Mike Hannigan , along with guest roles on Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! and Parks and Recreation , and has also hosted Saturday Night Live . He currently stars in a dual role in the Netflix comedy series Living with Yourself , for which he earned a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor - Television Series Musical or Comedy . He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in July 2015 . He was named as part of the Forbes Celebrity 100 in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Jackson", "text": "Sir Peter Robert Jackson ONZ KNZM ( born 31 October 1961 ) is a New Zealand film director , screenwriter , and film producer . He is best known as the director , writer , and producer of the Lord of the Rings trilogy ( 2001-03 ) and the Hobbit trilogy ( 2012-14 ) , both of which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien . Other films include the critically lauded drama Heavenly Creatures ( 1994 ) , the mockumentary film Forgotten Silver ( 1995 ) , the horror comedy The Frighteners ( 1996 ) , the epic monster remake film King Kong ( 2005 ) , the supernatural drama film The Lovely Bones ( 2009 ) , and the World War I documentary film They Shall Not Grow Old ( 2018 ) . He produced District 9 ( 2009 ) , The Adventures of Tintin ( 2011 ) , West of Memphis ( 2012 ) , and Mortal Engines ( 2018 ) . He is the third-highest grossing film director of all-time , his films having made over $ 6.5 billion worldwide . Jackson began his career with the splatstick horror comedy Bad Taste ( 1987 ) and the black comedy Meet the Feebles ( 1989 ) before filming the zombie comedy Braindead ( 1992 ) . He shared a nomination for Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay with his partner Fran Walsh for Heavenly Creatures , which brought him to mainstream prominence in the film industry . Jackson has been awarded three Academy Awards for The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ( 2003 ) , including the award for Best Director . His other awards include a Golden Globe , four Saturn Awards and three BAFTAs among others . His production company is WingNut Films , and his most regular collaborators are co-writers and producers Walsh and Philippa Boyens . Jackson was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2002 . He was later knighted ( as a Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit ) by Anand Satyanand , the Governor-General of New Zealand , at a ceremony in Wellington in April 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trincomalee", "text": "Trincomalee ( English : /ˌtrɪŋkoʊməˈliː/ ; Tamil : திருகோணமலை , romanized : Tirukōṇamalai ; Sinhala : ත්‍රිකුණාමළය , romanized : Trikuṇāmalaya ) also known as Gokanna/Gokarna , is the administrative headquarters of the Trincomalee District and major resort port city of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Located on the east coast of the island overlooking the Trincomalee Harbour , 237 kilometres ( 147 mi ) north-east of Colombo , 182 kilometres ( 113 mi ) south-east of Jaffna and 111 kilometres ( 69 mi ) miles north of Batticaloa , Trincomalee has been one of the main centres of Sri Lankan Tamil language speaking culture on the island for over two millennia . With a population of 99,135 , the city is built on a peninsula of the same name , which divides its inner and outer harbours . People from Trincomalee are known as Trincomalians and the local authority is Trincomalee Urban Council . Trincomalee city is home to the famous Koneswaram temple from where it developed and earned its historic Tamil name Thirukonamalai . The town is home to other historical monuments such as the Bhadrakali Amman Temple , Trincomalee , the Trincomalee Hindu Cultural Hall and , opened in 1897 , the Trincomalee Hindu College . Trincomalee is also the site of the Trincomalee railway station and an ancient ferry service to Jaffna and the south side of the harbour at Muttur . The recorded history of Trincomalee spans more than two and a half thousand years , beginning with civilian settlement associated with the Koneswaram temple in the pre-modern era . One of the oldest cities in Asia , it has served as a major maritime seaport in the international trading history of the island with South East Asia . From its suburban village of Kankuveli , some of Asia 's earliest medical research at the Agathiyar Thapanam , the Siddhar Tamil medical university established by Agastya , helped spread Tamil Tamraparniyan culture across the continent . In the ancient world , it was successively the capital of eastern kingdoms of the Vanni country , developing under the Anuradhapura Kingdom , Pallava Dynasty , Chola Dynasty , Pandyan Dynasty , the Vannimai chieftaincies and the Jaffna kingdom through the Koneswaram shrine 's revenue . Trincomalee 's urbanization continued when made into a fortified port town following the Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna kingdom , changing hands between the Danish in 1620 , the Dutch , the French following a battle of the American Revolutionary War and the British in 1795 , being absorbed into the British Ceylon state in 1815 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Governors_Island", "text": "Governors Island is a 172-acre ( 70 ha ) island in New York Harbor , within the New York City borough of Manhattan . It is located approximately 800 yards ( 732 m ) south of Manhattan Island , and is separated from Brooklyn to the east by the 400-yard-wide ( 370 m ) Buttermilk Channel . The National Park Service administers a small portion of the north of the island as the Governors Island National Monument , including two former military fortifications named Fort Jay and Castle Williams . The Trust for Governors Island operates the remaining 150 acres ( 61 ha ) , including 52 historic buildings , as a public park . About 103 acres ( 42 ha ) of the land area is fill , added in the early 1900s to the south of the original island . The native Lenape originally referred to Governors Island as Paggank ( nut island ) . The name was translated into the Dutch Noten Eylandt , then Anglicized into Nutten Island , before being renamed Governor 's Island by the late 18th century . The island 's use as a military installation dates to 1776 , during the American Revolutionary War , when Continental Army troops raised defensive works on the island . From 1783 to 1966 , the island was a United States Army post , serving mainly as a training ground for troops , though it also served as a strategic defense point during wartime . The island then served as a major United States Coast Guard installation until 1996 . Following its decommissioning as a military base , there were several plans for redeveloping Governors Island ; it was sold to the public for a nominal sum in 2003 , and opened for public use in 2005 . Governors Island has become a popular seasonal destination open to the public between May and September , attracting more than 800,000 visitors per year as of 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mota_Lava", "text": "Mota Lava or Motalava ( coordinates 13°42′S 167°39′E / 13.7°S 167.65°E / -13.7 ; 167.65 ) is the fourth largest island in the Banks Islands of Vanuatu , after Gaua , Vanua Lava and Ureparapara , with an area of 24 km2 ( 9.3 sq mi ) . It is the largest and highest ( 411 m or 1,348 ft ) of the eastern chain of islands . 270 meters ( 886 ft ) off its southern coast , attached by high corals that one can wade through at low tide , is the islet of Ra , with an area of 50 ha ( 120 acres ) . The climate on the island is humid tropical . The average annual rainfall exceeds 4000 mm . Mota-Lava is subject to frequent earthquakes and cyclones . The 2009 census figures give a population of 1640 inhabitants ( Mota Lava + Ra ) , yielding a population density of 67 per km² ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Persebaya_Surabaya", "text": "Persebaya ( abbreviation for Perserikatan Sepakbola Surabaya , literally translated to Football Association of Surabaya ) , is an Indonesian professional football team based in Surabaya , East Java . It plays in Liga 1 ,"}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Andrews", "text": "Thomas Andrews Jr. ( 7 February 1873 - 15 April 1912 ) was a British businessman and shipbuilder . He was managing director and head of the drafting department of the shipbuilding company Harland and Wolff in Belfast , Ireland . As the naval architect in charge of the plans for the ocean liner RMS Titanic , he was travelling on board the vessel during her transatlantic maiden voyage in 1912 . He perished along with more than 1,500 others when the ship sank after hitting an iceberg . If recovered , his body was never identified ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_cities_in_Brazil", "text": "Brazil has a high level of urbanization with 87.8% of the population residing in urban and metropolitan areas . The criteria used by the IBGE ( Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics ) in determining whether households are urban or rural , however , are based on political divisions , not on the built environment . Nowadays , the country has more than 5,570 municipalities . The state capitals are also the largest cities in their respective states , exceptions being Florianópolis ( which is the capital and the second largest city of Santa Catarina state after Joinville ) and Vitória ( which is the capital but only the fourth-largest city of Espírito Santo state , albeit being located in that state 's largest metropolitan area ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Granada,_Colorado", "text": "Granada is a Statutory Town in Prowers County , Colorado , United States . The population was 640 at the 2000 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1968_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The 1968 Winter Olympics , officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les Xes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1968 in Grenoble , France , and opened on 6 February . Thirty-seven countries participated . Frenchman Jean-Claude Killy won three gold medals in all the alpine skiing events . In women 's figure skating , Peggy Fleming won the only United States gold medal . The games have been credited with making the Winter Olympics more popular in the United States , not least of which because of ABC 's extensive coverage of Fleming and Killy , who became overnight sensations among teenage girls . The year 1968 marked the first time the IOC first permitted East and West Germany to enter separately , and the first time the IOC ever ordered drug and gender testing of competitors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/E3_2011", "text": "The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011 ( E3 2011 ) was the 17th Electronic Entertainment Expo held . The event took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles , California . It began on June 7 , 2011 , and ended on June 9 , 2011 , with 46,800 total attendees . E3 2011 was broadcast on the G4 channel . The main highlights of the 2011 show included a demonstration of Sony 's next-generation handheld game console , the PlayStation Vita ; the official introduction of Nintendo 's Wii U home console ; and the unveiling of Microsoft 's long-awaited game , Halo 4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indian_cricket_team_in_England_in_2007", "text": "The India national cricket team toured England from 19 July to 8 September 2007 . The tour included 3 Tests and 7 ODIs . During the Test series , the Pataudi Trophy , a prize commissioned by the MCC to commemorate the 118th anniversary of India 's Test debut , was competed for . This was designed and created by Jocelyn Burton , Holborn , London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sunshine_Millions_Classic", "text": "The Sunshine Millions Classic is an American race for thoroughbred horses held annually in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia , California and at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach , Florida . Part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series , half of the races are run at one track , and half at the other . The Classic is open to horses four-years-old and older willing to race one and one-eighth miles on the dirt . It is a restricted event currently offering a purse of $ 250,000 . The Sunshine Millions series races are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California . The racing series was created by the Thoroughbred Owners of California , the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association , the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders ' and Owners ' Association , Inc. , Santa Anita Park , Gulfstream Park , and Magna Entertainment Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leonard_Raffensperger", "text": "Leonard Raffensperger ( November 6 , 1903 - September 19 , 1974 ) was an American football and basketball player and coach . He served as the head football coach at the University of Iowa for two seasons in 1950 and 1951 , compiling a record of 5-10-3 . Raffensperger played football and basketball at Iowa and then served as a high school football coach for 21 years before joining the Iowa Hawkeyes football staff as an assistant coach in 1948 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_Fiesta", "text": "The Ford Fiesta is a supermini marketed by Ford since 1976 over seven generations . It has been manufactured in the United Kingdom , Germany , Spain , Australia , Brazil , Argentina , Venezuela , Mexico , China , India , Thailand , and South Africa . In 2008 , the sixth generation Fiesta ( Mark VI ) was introduced worldwide , making it the first Fiesta model to be sold in North America since the Fiesta Mark I was discontinued at the end of 1980 . Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976 , making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Highlands_Dam", "text": "North Highlands Dam is a dam on the Chattahoochee River in Georgia , United States , 1 mile south of Lake Oliver . The dam was built in 1899 to provide power for the former Bibb City Mill . The dam was one of the first large dams in the South . North Highland Dam impounds Bibb Pond . The dam is currently owned by Georgia Power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981–82_New_York_Islanders_season", "text": "The 1981-82 New York Islanders season was the tenth season in the franchise 's history . It involved winning the Stanley Cup ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japanese_destroyer_Arashi", "text": "Arashi ( 嵐 , Storm ) was a Kagerō-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy . Arashi played a vital role in World War II by inadvertently guiding US attack planes to the Japanese carrier fleet at the Battle of Midway . Arashi had become separated from the Japanese carrier force while attempting to destroy an American submarine , USS Nautilus . Following her attacks on Nautilus , Arashi steamed at high speed to rejoin the group . All four IJN carriers were sunk by Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers of American aircraft carriers USS Yorktown and USS Enterprise , giving the US a decisive victory and checking Japanese momentum in the Pacific War ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clearwater_Masonic_and_Grand_Army_of_the_Republic_Hall", "text": "The Clearwater Masonic and Grand Army of the Republic Hall is a historic building in Clearwater , Minnesota , United States , constructed in 1888 . It has served as a meeting hall for both a local Grand Army of the Republic ( GAR ) post , and a local Masonic Lodge , with commercial space on the ground floor . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 under the name Clearwater Masonic Lodge-Grand Army of the Republic Hall for having local significance in the themes of architecture and social history . It was nominated for its association with the fraternal organizations of Clearwater and many other rural Wright County communities that , in the words of historian John J. Hackett , provided leadership , direction , and contributions to the county 's political , educational , patriotic , and social life ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cullompton", "text": "Cullompton ( /kəˈlʌm ( p ) tən/ ) is a town and civil parish in the district of Mid Devon and the county of Devon , England . It is 13 miles ( 21 km ) north-east of Exeter and lies on the River Culm . In 2011 the parish as a whole had a population of 8,499 while the built-up area of the town had a population of 7,439 The earliest evidence of occupation is from the Roman period - there was a fort on the hill above the town and occupation in the current town centre . Columtune was mentioned in Alfred the Great 's will which left it to his youngest son Aethelweard ( c.880-922 ) . In the past the town 's economy had a large component of wool and cloth manufacture , then later leather working and paper manufacture . A large proportion of town 's inhabitants are commuters but there is some local manufacturing , including flour and paper mills . It has a monthly farmers ' market held on the second Saturday of every month which is the oldest event of its kind in the South West . It is home to two grade I listed buildings : the fifteenth-century St Andrew 's parish church and the seventeenth-century house known as The Walronds . The centre of the town is the only conservation area in Mid Devon and there are seven grade II* listed buildings and ninety grade II listed buildings in the parish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saidai-ji", "text": "Saidai-ji ( 西大寺 ) or the Great Western Temple is a Buddhist temple that was once one of the powerful Seven Great Temples in the city of Nara , Nara Prefecture , Japan . The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart to Tōdai-ji and it is the main temple of the Shingon Risshu ( 真言律宗 ) sect of Buddhism after the sect 's founder , Eison ( 叡尊 ) , took over administration in 1238 . One building , the Aizen-dō , houses a statue of Aizen Myō-ō , while the main image is of Shakyamuni Buddha , erected by Eison in 1249 . Saidai-ji stands close to Yamato-Saidaiji Station on the Kintetsu Nara Line ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Discworld", "text": "Discworld is a comic fantasy book series written by the English author Terry Pratchett , set on the Discworld , a flat planet balanced on the backs of four elephants which in turn stand on the back of a giant turtle . The series began in 1983 with The Colour of Magic and continued until the final novel The Shepherd 's Crown was published in 2015 , following Pratchett 's death . The books frequently parody or take inspiration from J. R. R. Tolkien , Robert E. Howard , H. P. Lovecraft , Charles Dickens and William Shakespeare , as well as mythology , folklore and fairy tales , often using them for satirical parallels with cultural , political and scientific issues . [ citation needed ] Forty-one Discworld novels have been published . The original British editions of the first 26 novels , up to Thief of Time ( 2001 ) , had cover art by Josh Kirby . The American editions , published by Harper Collins , used their own cover art . Since Kirby 's death in 2001 , the covers have been designed by Paul Kidby . Companion publications include eleven short stories ( some only loosely related to the Discworld ) , four popular science books , and a number of supplementary books and reference guides . The series has been adapted for graphic novels , theatre , computer and board games , and television . Newly released Discworld books regularly topped The Sunday Times best-sellers list , making Pratchett the UK 's best-selling author in the 1990s . Discworld novels have also won awards such as the Prometheus Award and the Carnegie Medal . In the BBC 's Big Read , four Discworld novels were in the top 100 , and a total of fourteen in the top 200 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wile_E._Coyote_and_Road_Runner", "text": "Wile E. Coyote ( also known simply as the Coyote ) and the Road Runner are a duo of cartoon characters from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons . In each episode , the Coyote repeatedly attempts to catch and subsequently eat the Road Runner , a fast-running ground bird , but is never successful . Instead of his animal instincts , the Coyote uses absurdly complex contraptions ( sometimes in the manner of Rube Goldberg ) to try to catch his prey , which backfire comically , with the Coyote often getting injured in slapstick fashion . Many of the items for these contrivances are mail-ordered from a variety of companies that are all named Acme . One running gag running gag involves the Coyote falling from a high cliff . After he goes over the edge , the rest of the scene , shot from a bird's-eye view , shows him falling into a canyon so deep , that his figure is eventually lost to sight . This is followed , a second or two later , by the rising of a dust cloud from the canyon floor as the Coyote hits . Most of the cartoons identify the characters and show a fake Latin species name . The Road Runner is called by such names as Accelerati incredibilus , Velocitus tremenjus , Birdibus zippibus , Speedipus rex and Morselus babyfatious tastius . Species names for Wile E. Coyote include Carnivorous slobbius , Eatius birdius , Overconfidentii vulgaris , Poor schinookiusor Caninus nervousrex . The characters were created by animation director Chuck Jones and writer Michael Maltese in 1948 for Warner Bros. , while the template for their adventures was the work of writer Michael Maltese . The characters star in a long-running series of theatrical cartoon shorts ( the first 16 of which were written by Maltese ) and occasional made-for-television cartoons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Belgium national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Belgium and is controlled by the Belgian Football Association . The team competes in the European Under-19 Football Championship , held every year . Their biggest success was winning the tournament in 1977 , albeit it wore a different name and had a different structure back then ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chicago_(musical)", "text": "Chicago is an American musical with music by John Kander , lyrics by Fred Ebb , and book by Ebb and Bob Fosse . Set in Chicago in the jazz age , the musical is based on a 1926 play of the same name by reporter Maurine Dallas Watkins , about actual criminals and the crimes on which she reported . The story is a satire on corruption in the administration of criminal justice and the concept of the celebrity criminal . The original Broadway production opened in 1975 at the 46th Street Theatre and ran for 936 performances , until 1977 . Bob Fosse choreographed the original production , and his style is strongly identified with the show . It debuted in the West End in 1979 , where it ran for 600 performances . Chicago was revived on Broadway in 1996 , and a year later in the West End . The 1996 Broadway production holds the record as the longest-running musical revival and the longest-running American musical in Broadway history . It is the second longest-running show to ever run on Broadway , behind only The Phantom of the Opera . Chicago surpassed Cats on November 23 , 2014 , when it played its 7,486th performance . The West End revival became the longest-running American musical in West End history . Chicago has been staged in numerous productions around the world , and has toured extensively in the United States and United Kingdom ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oddibe_McDowell", "text": "Oddibe McDowell ( born August 25 , 1962 ) is an American former center fielder in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) who played from 1985 to 1994 for the Texas Rangers , Cleveland Indians , and Atlanta Braves . His first name is pronounced owed a bee or oh-ta-bee . Because it also sounds vaguely like a slurred rendition of oh to be , ESPN personality and announcer Chris Berman dubbed him Oddibe Young Again McDowell ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Germany", "text": "Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fíjate_Bien_(song)", "text": "Fíjate Bien ( English : Focus ) is a song written and performed by Colombian singer-songwriter Juanes . The song is the title track and first radio single from his debut solo studio album , Fíjate Bien . This track won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Song at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2001 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Axel_Jansson", "text": "Carl Axel Jansson ( 24 April 1882 - 22 September 1909 ) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics . In 1908 he won the silver medal in the team free rifle event . In the team military rifle event he finished fifth and in the 300 metre free rifle competition he finished seventh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Albert_Cross", "text": "James Albert Cross , DSO , QC ( December 11 , 1876 - March 1 , 1952 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Saskatchewan . He was a soldier 's representative in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1917 to 1921 , then represented Regina City from 1921 to 1925 and Willow Bunch from 1925 to 1929 in the Saskatchewan assembly as a Liberal . He was born in Caledonia Springs , Ontario and went to Regina , Saskatchewan in 1898 , studying law with James Balfour and Frederick Haultain . Cross was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1905 and was named King 's Counsel in 1916 . He served four years on the Regina Public School board including one year as chairman . Cross served overseas during World War I and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order . He returned to the practice of law in 1919 . Cross served in the provincial cabinet as Attorney-General . He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1925 but was elected for Willow Bunch in a by-election held later that year . From 1939 to 1948 , Cross was chief commissioner for the Air Transport Board ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1._FSV_Mainz_05", "text": "1 . Fußball- und Sportverein Mainz 05 e. V. , usually shortened to 1 . FSV Mainz 05 , Mainz 05 [ ˌmaɪnts nʊlˈfʏnf ] or simply Mainz , is a German sports club , founded in 1905 and based in Mainz , Rhineland-Palatinate . 1 . FSV Mainz 05 have played in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system , for ten consecutive years , starting with the 2009-10 season . The club 's main local rivals are Eintracht Frankfurt and 1 . FC Kaiserslautern . In addition to the football division , 1 . FSV Mainz 05 have handball and table tennis departments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_José_Picasso_Peratta", "text": "Estadio José Picasso Peratta is a multi-use stadium in Ica , Peru . It is currently used by football ( soccer ) teams Octavio Espinoza and Estudiantes de Medicina . The stadium holds 8,000 people , but the owners are planning to expand it to 15,000 . Its name comes from a former mayor of Ica , José Picasso Perata , which together with the Picasso family helped to build and finance the stadium . Coordinates : 14°04′05″S 75°44′20″W / 14.0680°S 75.7390°W / -14.0680 ; -75.7390"}
{"title": "/wiki/Farthing_(British_coin)", "text": "The British farthing ( ​1⁄4d ) coin , from Old English fēorðing , from fēorða , a fourth , was a unit of currency of one quarter of a penny , or ​1⁄960 of a pound sterling . It was minted in bronze , and replaced the earlier copper farthings . It was used during the reign of six monarchs : Victoria , Edward VII , George V , Edward VIII , George VI and Elizabeth II , ceasing to be legal tender from 1 January 1961 . It featured two different designs on its reverse during its 100 years in circulation : from 1860 until 1936 , the image of Britannia ; and from 1937 onwards , the image of a wren . Like all British coinage , it bore the portrait of the monarch on the obverse . Before Decimal Day in 1971 , there were 240 pence ( the plural of penny ) in one pound sterling . There were four farthings in a penny , 12 pence made a shilling , and 20 shillings made a pound . Values less than a pound were usually written in terms of shillings and pence , e.g. , three shillings and six pence ( 3/6 ) , pronounced three and six or three and sixpence . Values of less than a shilling were simply written in pence , e.g. , 8d , pronounced eightpence . A price with a farthing in it would be written like this : ( 19/​11 1⁄4 ) , pronounced nineteen and elevenpence farthing . The purchasing power of a farthing from 1860 to its demise at the beginning of 1961 ranged between 2p to 12p in 2017 GB Pound values ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandra_Hansson", "text": "Sandra Hansson ( born 2 April 1980 ) is a Swedish cross-country skier . In 2008 and 2009 , she won the women 's main Vasaloppet event . She has also been successful in roller skiing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piel_Island", "text": "Piel Island lies half a mile ( 1 km ) off the southern tip of the Furness Peninsula in the administrative county of Cumbria , though historically within Lancashire north of the sands . It is located at 54°3′50″N 3°10′30″W / 54.06389°N 3.17500°W / 54.06389 ; -3.17500Coordinates : 54°3′50″N 3°10′30″W / 54.06389°N 3.17500°W / 54.06389 ; -3.17500 ( OS grid ref . SD233637 ) . It is one of the Islands of Furness . It is the location of the English Heritage-owned Piel Castle . The island is within the administrative boundaries of the mainland town of Barrow-in-Furness and is owned by the people of the town , having been given by the Duke of Buccleuch in the early 20th century . The Borough Council 's administrative duties also include the selection of the King of Piel , who is the landlord of the island 's public house , the Ship Inn . The area of Piel is about 50 acres ( 20 hectares ) . As well as the landlord and his family the island has three other permanent residents who live in the old Pilots Cottages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madison,_Wisconsin", "text": "Madison is the capital of the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the seat of Dane County . As of July 1 , 2018 , Madison 's estimated population of 258,054 made it the second-largest city in Wisconsin by population , after Milwaukee , and the 81st-largest in the United States . The city forms the core of the Madison Metropolitan Area which includes Dane County and neighboring Iowa , Green , and Columbia counties for a population of 654,230 . Located on an isthmus and lands surrounding four lakes-Lake Mendota , Lake Monona , Lake Kegonsa and Lake Waubesa-the city is home to the University of Wisconsin-Madison , the Wisconsin State Capitol , Henry Vilas Zoo , lakes , and an extensive network of parks and bike trails . Madison has historically been a center for progressive political activity , protests , and demonstrations . The presence of the University of Wisconsin-Madison ( the largest employer in the state ) as well as other educational institutions has a significant impact on the economy , culture , and demographics of Madison . Madison is a growing technology economy and the region is home to the headquarters of Epic Systems , American Family Insurance , Exact Sciences , American Girl , Sub-Zero , Lands ' End , a regional office for Google , the University Research Park , as well as many biotech and health systems startups . A 2018 report ranked Madison 14th among the top fifteen cities worldwide for venture capital deals per capita . Madison , which is named for US Founding Father James Madison , is home to eight National Historic Landmarks , including one UNESCO World Heritage Site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iowa_Energy", "text": "The Iowa Wolves are an American professional basketball team based in Des Moines , Iowa . They are owned by and affiliated with the Minnesota Timberwolves as of the 2017-18 season . They play in the Western Conference in the NBA G League , a minor league basketball organization run by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The Wolves play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena . From 2007 to 2017 , the team was known as the Iowa Energy in the NBA Development League ( D-League ) until being purchased and renamed by the Timberwolves . They broke the D-league attendance record on their first ever home game with 8,842 fans . They later set the record again in game two of the 2011 D-League Finals with an attendance of 14,036 fans . They won the 2011 D-League Finals , defeating the Rio Grande Valley Vipers two-games-to-one ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monotone_(software)", "text": "Monotone is an open source software tool for distributed revision control . Monotone tracks revisions to files , groups sets of revisions into changesets , and tracks history across renames . The focus of the project is on integrity over performance . Monotone is designed for distributed operation , and makes heavy use of cryptographic primitives to track file revisions ( via the SHA-1 secure hash ) and to authenticate user actions ( via RSA cryptographic signatures ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Let's_Make_a_Deal", "text": "Let 's Make a Deal ( also known as LMAD ) a television game show that originated in the United States in 1963 and has since been produced in many countries throughout the world . The program was created and produced by Stefan Hatos and Monty Hall , the latter serving as its host for nearly 30 years . The format of Let 's Make a Deal involves selected members of the studio audience , referred to as traders , making deals with the host . In most cases , a trader will be offered something of value and given a choice of whether to keep it or exchange it for a different item . The program 's defining game mechanism is that the other item is hidden from the trader until that choice is made . The trader thus does not know if he or she is getting something of greater value or a prize that is referred to as a zonk , an item purposely chosen to be of little or no value to the trader . Let 's Make a Deal is also known for audience members who dress up in outrageous or crazy costumes in order to increase their chances of being selected as a trader . The most recent edition of Let 's Make a Deal has been airing on CBS since October 5 , 2009 , when it took over the spot on the network 's daytime schedule vacated by the long running soap opera Guiding Light . Wayne Brady is the host of the current series , with Jonathan Mangum as his announcer/assistant . Tiffany Coyne is the current model , joining in 2010 , with musician Cat Gray in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bieler_Tagblatt", "text": "Bieler Tagblatt is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper , published by Gassmann AG in Biel/Bienne , Canton of Bern ."}
{"title": "/wiki/King's_Lynn_and_West_Norfolk", "text": "King 's Lynn and West Norfolk is a local government district and borough in Norfolk , England . Its council is based in the town of King 's Lynn . The population of the Local Authority at the 2011 Census was 147,451 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Watt", "text": "The watt ( symbol : W ) is a unit of power . In the International System of Units ( SI ) it is defined as a derived unit of 1 joule per second , and is used to quantify the rate of energy transfer . In SI base units , the watt is described as k g m 2 s − 3 { \\displaystyle kg\\ , m^ { 2 } s^ { -3 } } , which can be demonstrated to coherent by dimensional analysis . The watt is named after James Watt , an 18th century scottish inventor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowling_Green,_Ohio", "text": "Bowling Green is a city and the county seat of Wood County , Ohio , United States , located 20 miles southwest of Toledo . The population was 30,028 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Toledo Metropolitan Area and a member of the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments . Bowling Green is the home of Bowling Green State University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Mallory", "text": "George Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 18 June 1886 - 8 or 9 June 1924 ) :546-47 was an English mountaineer who took part in the first three British expeditions to Mount Everest , in the early 1920s . During the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition , Mallory and his climbing partner , Andrew Sandy Irvine , disappeared on the north-east ridge during their attempt to make the first ascent of the world 's highest mountain . The pair were last seen when they were about 800 vertical feet ( 245 m ) from the summit . Mallory 's ultimate fate was unknown for 75 years , until his body was discovered on 1 May 1999 by an expedition that had set out to search for the climbers ' remains . Whether Mallory and Irvine had reached the summit before they died remains a subject of speculation and continuing research ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stibbington", "text": "Stibbington is a village in Cambridgeshire , England , located approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Peterborough city centre in the civil parish of Sibson-cum-Stibbington . It is situated in the far north-west corner of Huntingdonshire , which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire , as well as a historic county of England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hannah_Cockroft", "text": "Hannah Lucy Cockroft MBE , DL ( born 30 July 1992 ) is a British wheelchair racer specialising in sprint distances in the T34 classification . She holds the world records for the 100 metres , 200 metres , 400 metres , 800 metres and 1500 metres in her classification and the Paralympic records at 100 metres , 200 metres , 400 metres and 800 metres . Competing for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics , she won two gold medals . She won three further gold medals at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain_national_under-19_football_team", "text": "The Spain national under-19 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation , the governing body for football in Spain . It is the most successful national team in Europe with eight continental titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-60", "text": "STS-60 was the first mission of the US/Russian Shuttle-Mir Program , which carried Sergei K. Krikalev , the first Russian cosmonaut to fly aboard a Space Shuttle . The mission used Space Shuttle Discovery , which lifted off from Launch Pad 39A on 3 February 1994 from Kennedy Space Center , Florida . The mission carried the Wake Shield Facility experiment and a SPACEHAB module into orbit , and carried out a live bi-directional audio and downlink link-up with the cosmonauts aboard the Russian space station Mir ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tour_de_Pologne", "text": "The Tour de Pologne ( Wyścig Dookoła Polski , Tour of Poland ) , official abbreviation TdP , is a road bicycle racing stage race . It consists of seven or eight stages and is usually around 1,200 km in length . The race was first held in 1928 . Until 1952 the race was held sporadically , but since then it has been an annual race . Until early 1993 the race was open to amateur cyclists only and most of its winners came from Poland . The international cycling association , the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) , made TdP part of the UCI ProTour in 2005 , and part of the UCI World Ranking calendar in 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kings_Cliffe,_Northamptonshire", "text": "Kings Cliffe ( variously spelt King 's Cliffe , King 's Cliff , Kings Cliff , Kingscliffe ) is a village and civil parish on Willow Brook , a tributary of the River Nene , about 9 miles ( 14 km ) northeast of Corby in East Northamptonshire . The parish adjoins the county boundary with the City of Peterborough and the village is about 12 miles ( 19 km ) west of the city centre . The village is not far from the boundary with Lincolnshire and about 6 miles ( 10 km ) south of Stamford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2016_Final", "text": "The UEFA Euro 2016 Final was a football match that took place on 10 July 2016 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis , France , to determine the winners of UEFA Euro 2016 . Portugal defeated the hosts and two-time winners France 1-0 after extra time , with a goal from substitute Eder , to claim its first major tournament title . In doing so , they became the tenth nation to win the UEFA European Championship , 12 years after losing their first final at home in 2004 . France became the second host team to lose the final , after Portugal in 2004 , and suffered their first defeat at a major tournament hosted in the country since the 1960 European Nations ' Cup third-place playoff against Czechoslovakia . This was the fifth European Championship final to end in a draw after 90 minutes of play , and the second whose winners were decided by extra time , after the inaugural final in 1960 . As the winners , Portugal gained entry into their first FIFA Confederations Cup , which was played in Russia in 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Living_Chola_Temples", "text": "The Great Living Chola Temples is a UNESCO World Heritage Site designation for a group of Chola dynasty era Hindu temples in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu . Completed between early 11th and the 12th century CE , the monuments include the Brihadisvara Temple at Thanjavur , the Temple of Gangaikonda Cholapuram and the Airavatesvara Temple at Darasuram . The Brihadisvara Temple was recognised in 1987 ; the Temple of Gangaikondacholapuram and the Airavatesvara Temple were added as extensions to the site in 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/FC_Shurtan_Guzar", "text": "FC Shurtan Guzar ( Uzbek : Sho'rtan G'uzor professional futbol klubi or Шўртан Ғузор футбол клуби , Russian : Футбольный клуб Шуртан Гузар ) is an Uzbek football club based in Guzor , Uzbekistan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Catcher", "text": "Catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player . When a batter takes his/her turn to hit , the catcher crouches behind home plate , in front of the ( home ) umpire , and receives the ball from the pitcher . In addition to this primary duty , the catcher is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field the position well . The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket , but in cricket , wicketkeepers are increasingly known for their batting abilities . Positioned behind home plate , the catcher can see the whole field , and is therefore in the best position to direct and lead the other players in a defensive play . The catcher typically calls for pitches using hand signals . The calls are based on the pitcher 's mechanics and strengths , as well as the batter 's tendencies and weaknesses . Foul tips , bouncing balls in the dirt , and contact with runners during plays at the plate are all events to be handled by the catcher , necessitating the use of protective equipment . This includes a mask , chest and throat protectors , shin guards , and a heavily padded catcher 's mitt . Because the position requires a comprehensive understanding of the game 's strategies , the pool of former catchers yields a disproportionate number of managers in both Major League Baseball and Minor League Baseball , including such prominent examples as Connie Mack , Steve O'Neill , Al López , Mike Scioscia , and Joe Torre . The physical and mental demands of being involved on every defensive play can wear catchers down over a long season , and can have a negative effect on their offensive output . Because of the strategic defensive importance of catching , if a catcher has exceptional defensive skills , teams are often willing to overlook their relative offensive weaknesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qadsia_SC", "text": "Qadsia Sporting Club ( Arabic : نادي القادسية الرياضي ) is primarily an association football club . Based in Kuwait City , Qadsia Club is one of the most popular clubs in Kuwait . Al Qadsia was founded in 1953 and it was called Al Jazira before being renamed to Qadsia SC on 20 October 1960 . Qadsia currently plays in the Kuwait Premier League and has won this league 17 times , as the most winning club in the league . Qadsia plays in the Mohammed Al-Hamad Stadium , which is in Hawalli , and is the third largest stadium in Kuwait . Qadsia has the biggest fans base in Kuwait more than any other club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Drew_Carey_Show", "text": "The Drew Carey Show is an American sitcom television series that aired on ABC from September 13 , 1995 to September 8 , 2004 . It was set in Cleveland , Ohio and revolved around the retail office and home life of everyman Drew Carey , a fictionalized version of the actor . The show was created by Carey , who had both stand-up comedy and writing experience , and Bruce Helford , who was once a writer for Roseanne . It was the first television show to have an episode simulcast on the Internet . Produced by Mohawk Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television , it debuted on September 13 , 1995 , and ranked among the Top 30 programs for four seasons before sliding in popularity . Ratings declined sharply during the final two seasons , and the last two episodes aired on September 8 , 2004 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ciudad_Guayana", "text": "Ciudad Guayana ( Spanish pronunciation : [ sjuˈðað ɣwaˈʝana ] ) is a city in Bolívar State , Venezuela . It stretches 40 kilometers along the south bank of the Orinoco river , at the point where it is joined by its main tributary , the Caroní river . The Caroni crosses the city south-north and divides it on its two main halves : the old town of San Félix in the east , and the new town of Puerto Ordaz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈpweɾto oɾˈðas ] ) in the west . The city was officially founded in 1961 by the unification of this two former settlements , but the history of San Félix goes back to its foundation in 1724 . Within the city limits are located the site of Cachamay Falls and Llovizna Falls . There are three bridges across the Caroni and the second crossing over the Orinoco , the Orinoquia Bridge , was inaugurated in the city in 2006 . With approximately one million people , it is Venezuela 's fastest-growing city [ citation needed ] due to its important iron , steel , aluminium and hydroelectric industries . Ciudad Guayana is one of Venezuela 's five most important ports , since most goods produced in the industry-rich Bolívar state are shipped through it , as ocean-going vessels can sail to it from the Atlantic Ocean up the Orinoco river . Due to its planned nature , the city has a drastically different feel from many other South American cities . The towers of the Alta Vista district recall Barranquilla , and many of the residential neighborhoods have architecture and landscaping that are similar to suburbs in the United States in the 1950s , including 'cookie cutter ' homes , sidewalks , and patterned lawns . This is an artifact due to the presence in the 1960s and early 1970s of US Steel , an American company with iron mining operations in the region . US Steel built housing for hundreds of its American expatriate workers and families , who lived in Puerto Ordaz and other communities until the nationalization of the Venezuelan steel industry forced the company and its workers to leave ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cheshire", "text": "Cheshire ( /ˈtʃɛʃər , -ɪər/ CHESH-ər , -⁠eer ; archaically the County Palatine of Chester ) is a county in North West England , bordering Merseyside and Greater Manchester to the north , Derbyshire to the east , Staffordshire and Shropshire to the south , and Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough in Wales to the west . Cheshire 's county town is the City of Chester ( 118,200 ) ; the largest town is Warrington ( 209,700 ) . Other major towns include Crewe ( 71,722 ) , Runcorn ( 61,789 ) , Widnes ( 61,464 ) , Ellesmere Port ( 55,715 ) , Macclesfield ( 52,044 ) , Winsford ( 32,610 ) and Northwich ( 19,924 ) . The county covers 905 square miles ( 2,344 km2 ) and has a population of around 1 million . It is mostly rural , with a number of small towns and villages supporting the agricultural and other industries which produce Cheshire cheese , salt , chemicals and silk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marco_Fritz", "text": "Marco Fritz ( born 3 October 1977 ) is a German football referee who is based in Korb . He referees for SV Breuningsweiler of the Württemberg Football Association . He is a FIFA referee , and is ranked as a UEFA second category referee ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nova_Scotia", "text": "Nova Scotia ( /noʊvə ˈskoʊʃə/ ) is a province in eastern Canada . With a population of 923,598 as of 2016 , it is the most populous of Canada 's three Maritime provinces and the four Atlantic provinces . It is the country 's second most-densely populated province and second-smallest province by area , both after neighbouring Prince Edward Island . Its area of 55,284 square kilometres ( 21,345 sq mi ) includes Cape Breton Island and 3,800 other coastal islands . The peninsula that makes up Nova Scotia 's mainland is connected to the rest of North America by the Isthmus of Chignecto , on which the province 's land border with New Brunswick is located . The province borders the Bay of Fundy to the northwest and the Atlantic Ocean to the south and east , and is separated from Prince Edward Island and the island of Newfoundland by the Northumberland and Cabot straits , respectively . The land that comprises what is now Nova Scotia has been inhabited by the indigenous Miꞌkmaq people for thousands of years . France 's first settlement in North America , Port-Royal , was established in 1605 and intermittently served in various locations as the capital of the French colony of Acadia for over a hundred years . The Fortress of Louisbourg was a key focus point in the struggle between the British and French for control of the area , changing hands numerous times in the until France relinquished its claims with the Treaty of Paris in 1763 . During the American Revolutionary War , thousands of Loyalists settled in Nova Scotia . In 1848 , Nova Scotia became the first British colony to achieve responsible government , and it federated in July 1867 with New Brunswick and the Province of Canada ( now Ontario and Quebec ) to form what is now the country of Canada . Nova Scotia 's capital and largest city is Halifax , which is today home to about 45 per cent of the province 's population , is the thirteenth-largest census metropolitan area in Canada , the largest city in Atlantic Canada , and Canadas second largest coastal city ( after Vancouver ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Network_Ten", "text": "Network 10 ( commonly known as Channel 10 or simply 10 ) is an Australian commercial television network . One of five national free-to-air networks , 10 's owned-and-operated stations can be found in the state capital cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Adelaide and Perth , while affiliates extend the network to regional areas of the country . The network is owned by Ten Network Holdings , which in-turn is owned by ViacomCBS . As of 2019 , Network 10 is the third rated television network and primary channel in Australia , behind the Nine Network , the Seven Network ahead of the ABC and SBS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rio_Branco_Esporte_Clube", "text": "Rio Branco Esporte Clube , usually known simply as Rio Branco or as Rio Branco-SP , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) club based in the city of Americana in the São Paulo state of Brazil . It plays in the Série A2 , the second division , of the Campeonato Paulista ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anatom_Airport", "text": "Anatom Airport ( IATA : AUY , ICAO : NVVA ) , also known as Aneityum Airport , is an airfield serving the island of Aneityum , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu . The airfield is actually located on the smaller Inyeug island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wando_County", "text": "Wando County ( Wando-gun ) is a county in South Jeolla Province , South Korea . It takes its name from the island of Wando , which is the largest island within the county and serves as the county seat . Wando island is perhaps most famous for Cheonghaejin , the former headquarters of Jang Bogo , a 9th-century Korean historical figure whose private fleet and army dominated the sea routes in the Yellow Sea . Wando 's most famous native in modern times is champion golfer K.J . Choi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abilene_Christian_University", "text": "Abilene Christian University ( ACU ) is a private Christian university in Abilene , Texas . It was founded in 1906 as Childers Classical Institute ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Spain", "text": "Spain ( Spanish : España [ esˈpaɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( Spanish : Reino de España ) , [ a ] [ b ] is a country in Southwestern Europe with some pockets of Spanish territory across the Strait of Gibraltar and the Atlantic Ocean . Its continental European territory is situated on the Iberian Peninsula . Its territory also includes two archipelagoes : the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa , and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea . The African enclaves of Ceuta , Melilla , and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera make Spain the only European country to have a physical border with an African country ( Morocco ) . [ h ] Several small islands in the Alboran Sea are also part of Spanish territory . The country 's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . With an area of 505,990 km2 ( 195,360 sq mi ) , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population ( about 47 million ) , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Zaragoza , Málaga and Bilbao . Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek , Celtic and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Sp ( a ) n or Spania . At the end of the Western Roman Empire the Germanic tribal confederations migrated from Central Europe , invaded the Iberian peninsula and established relatively independent realms in its western provinces , including the Suebi , Alans and Vandals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dadra_and_Nagar_Haveli", "text": "Dadra and Nagar Haveli District ( /ˈdɑːdrɑː . ˌnʌɡər həˈvɛli/ ; Portuguese : Dadrá e Nagar-Aveli ) is one of the three districts in union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu , western India . It is composed of two separate geographical entities : Nagar Haveli , wedged between Maharashtra and Gujarat , and , 1 km to the northwest , the smaller enclave of Dadra , which is surrounded by Gujarat . Silvassa is the capital of Dadra and Nagar Haveli . Unlike the surrounding areas , this was ruled by the Portuguese from 1783 until the mid-20th century . The area was captured by India in 1954 and administered as Free Dadra and Nagar Haveli before being annexed to India as a union territory , the Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli in 1961 . The union territory was merged with , Daman and Diu to form new union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu on 26 January 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Rescuers", "text": "The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution . The 23rd Disney animated feature film , the film is about the Rescue Aid Society , an international mouse organization headquartered in New York City and shadowing the United Nations , dedicated to helping abduction victims around the world at large . Two of these mice , jittery janitor Bernard ( Bob Newhart ) and his co-agent , the elegant Miss Bianca ( Eva Gabor ) , set out to rescue Penny ( Michelle Stacy ) , an orphan girl being held prisoner in the Devil 's Bayou by treasure huntress Madame Medusa ( Geraldine Page ) . The film is based on a series of books by Margery Sharp , most notably The Rescuers and Miss Bianca . The Rescuers entered development in 1962 , but was shelved due to Walt Disney 's dislike of the project 's political overtones . During the 1970s , the film was revived as a project for the younger animators , but it was taken over by the senior animation staff following the release of Robin Hood ( 1973 ) . The Rescuers was released on June 22 , 1977 , to positive critical reception and became a box office success . The film was also successful throughout the world , including France and West Germany . Due to the film 's success , a sequel titled The Rescuers Down Under was released in 1990 , which made this film the first Disney animated film to have a sequel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delaware_Park_Racetrack", "text": "Delaware Park ( also known as DelPark ) is an American thoroughbred horse racing track , casino , and golf course in Stanton , Delaware . It is located just outside the city of Wilmington , and about 30 miles from Philadelphia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Curtiss_AT-9", "text": "The Curtiss-Wright AT-9 Jeep was a twin-engined advanced trainer aircraft used by the United States during World War II to bridge the gap between single-engined trainers and twin-engined combat aircraft . The AT-9 had a low-wing cantilever monoplane configuration , retractable landing gear and was powered by two Lycoming R-680-9 radial engines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Dallas_Cowboys_season", "text": "The 1963 Dallas Cowboys season was their fourth in the league . The Cowboys became the only professional football team in Dallas , when the Texans of the AFL announced their move to Kansas City . The team failed to improve on their previous output of 5-8-1 , winning only four games . The Cowboys did not qualify for the playoffs for the fourth consecutive season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norsup", "text": "Norsup is an island and village in the province of Malampa on Malakula Island in Vanuatu . It is located near Malampa Province capital Lakatoro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Örebro", "text": "Örebro ( /ˌɜːrəˈbruː/ UR-ə-BROO , Swedish : [ œrɛˈbruː ] ( listen ) ) is a city with 124,027 inhabitants , the seat of Örebro Municipality and the capital of Örebro County in Sweden . It is the sixth largest city in Sweden and one of the largest inland hubs of the country . It is located near the lake of Hjälmaren , although a few kilometres inland along the small river Svartån . Örebro is home to Örebro University , a major university hospital , a medieval castle , the water park Gustavsvik as well as several large shopping malls and the Oset-Rynningeviken nature reserve at the lakefront ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1977–78_NHL_season", "text": "The 1977-78 NHL season was the 61st season of the National Hockey League . The Montreal Canadiens won their third Stanley Cup in a row , defeating the Boston Bruins four games to two in the Stanley Cup Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Petoskey,_Michigan", "text": "Petoskey is a city and coastal resort community in the U.S. state of Michigan . The population was estimated at approximately close to 5,670 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Emmet County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pune", "text": "Pune ( Marathi pronunciation : [ puɳe ] ; English : /ˈpuːnə/ ; also called Poona , the official name until 1978 ) is the second largest city in the Indian state of Maharashtra , after Mumbai . It is the ninth most populous city in the country with an estimated population of 6.4 million . Along with its extended city limits Pimpri Chinchwad and the three cantonment towns of Pune , Khadki and Dehu Road , Pune forms the urban core of the eponymous Pune Metropolitan Region ( PMR ) . According to the 2011 census , the urban area has a combined population of 5.05 million while the population of the metropolitan region is estimated at 7.27 million . Situated 560 metres ( 1,837 feet ) above sea level on the Deccan plateau on the right bank of the Mutha river , Pune is also the administrative headquarters of its namesake district . In the 18th century , the city was the seat of the Peshwas , the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire and so was one of the most important political centres on the Indian subcontinent . Pune is ranked the number one city in India in the ease of living ranking index . The city is considered to be the cultural capital of Maharashtra . It is also known as the Oxford of the East due to the presence of several well-known educational institutions . The city has emerged as a major educational hub in recent decades , with nearly half of the total international students in the country studying in Pune . Research institutes of information technology , education , management and training attract students and professionals from India and overseas . Several colleges in Pune have student exchange programmes with colleges in Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Archie_Mayo", "text": "Archibald L. Archie Mayo ( January 29 , 1891 - December 4 , 1968 ) was a film director , screenwriter and actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Focke-Wulf_Fw_58", "text": "The Focke-Wulf Fw 58 Weihe ( Harrier ) was a German aircraft , built to fill a request by the Luftwaffe for a multi-role aircraft , to be used as an advanced trainer for pilots , gunners and radio operators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic_Sword_(video_game)", "text": "Magic Sword ( Japanese : マジックソード ) , fully titled as Magic Sword : Heroic Fantasy , is a side-scrolling fantasy arcade game released by Capcom in 1990 . The game casts the player as a hero who must fight his way through a mystical tower in order to save the world . The player can use a sword , axe or magic , and can also rescue and recruit potential allies of various character classes , each of which has his or her own special abilities . Three years earlier , Capcom had released the similar Black Tiger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Nobel_laureates", "text": "The Nobel Prizes ( Swedish : Nobelpriset , Norwegian : Nobelprisen ) are prizes awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , the Swedish Academy , the Karolinska Institutet , and the Norwegian Nobel Committee to individuals and organizations who make outstanding contributions in the fields of chemistry , physics , literature , peace , and physiology or medicine . They were established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel , which dictates that the awards should be administered by the Nobel Foundation . The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences was established in 1968 by the Sveriges Riksbank , the central bank of Sweden , for contributions to the field of economics . Each recipient , or laureate , receives a gold medal , a diploma , and a sum of money , which is decided annually by the Nobel Foundation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ogi,_Saga", "text": "Ogi ( 小城市 , Ogi-shi ) is a city located in the central part of Saga Prefecture on the island of Kyushu , Japan . As of February 28 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 45,638 and a population density of 480 persons per km² . The total area is 95.85 km² . The modern city of Ogi was established on March 3 , 2005 , from the merger of the former town of Ogi , absorbing the towns of Ashikari , Mikatsuki and Ushizu ( all from Ogi District ) . Ogi District was dissolved as a result of this merger . It has gradually come to be known as the city with the highest consumption of yōkan in Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ligonier,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Ligonier is a borough in Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania , United States . The population was 1,573 at the 2010 census . Ligonier was settled in the 1760s . The borough is well known for nearby Idlewild Park , one of the oldest amusement parks in the country ; and nearby Seven Springs Mountain Resort . Another tourist attraction is Fort Ligonier Days , a parade and craft market that takes place every fall over the course of three days , and the Ligonier Country Market in the summer months . Ligonier is part of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area . Ligonier is the site of a reconstruction of Fort Ligonier , an example of a frontier fort of the French and Indian War . Ligonier is also known for its downtown square , the Diamond , which has a bandstand in the middle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_Chinese_Super_League", "text": "The 2017 Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League ( Chinese : 2017中国平安中国足球协会超级联赛 ) was the 14th season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League . The league title sponsor is Ping An Insurance . Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao won their seventh consecutive title of the league . This season witnessed a huge change in the regulation to the players . Only three foreign players can play at one game and at least two domestic players who are under the age of 23 ( born on or after 1 January 1994 ) must be in the 18-man list , including at least one must be in the starting list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Optical_power", "text": "Optical power ( also referred to as dioptric power , refractive power , focusing power , or convergence power ) is the degree to which a lens , mirror , or other optical system converges or diverges light . It is equal to the reciprocal of the focal length of the device : P = 1/f . High optical power corresponds to short focal length . The SI unit for optical power is the inverse metre ( m−1 ) , which is commonly called the dioptre . Converging lenses have positive optical power , while diverging lenses have negative power . When a lens is immersed in a refractive medium , its optical power and focal length change . For two or more thin lenses close together , the optical power of the combined lenses is approximately equal to the sum of the optical powers of each lens : P = P1 + P2 . Similarly , the optical power of a single lens is roughly equal to the sum of the powers of each surface . These approximations are commonly used in optometry . An eye that has too much or too little refractive power to focus light onto the retina has a refractive error . A myopic eye has too much power so light is focused in front of the retina . Conversely , a hyperopic eye has too little power so when the eye is relaxed , light is focused behind the retina ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Carolina's_8th_congressional_district", "text": "North Carolina 's eighth congressional district comprises a large portion of the southern Piedmont area of North Carolina from Concord to Spring Lake , including China Grove , Albemarle , Troy , Pinehurst and Raeford . The district includes all of Cabarrus , Montgomery , Moore , Hoke and Stanly counties , as well as portions of Rowan and Cumberland counties . The district is currently represented by Richard Hudson , a member of the Republican Party . He won the seat in 2012 after defeating two-term Democratic incumbent Larry Kissell ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Much_Ado_About_Nothing_(2012_film)", "text": "Much Ado About Nothing is a 2012 black and white American romantic comedy film adapted for the screen , produced , and directed by Joss Whedon , from William Shakespeare 's play of the same name . The film stars Amy Acker , Alexis Denisof , Nathan Fillion , Clark Gregg , Reed Diamond , Fran Kranz , Sean Maher , and Jillian Morgese . To create the film , director Whedon established the production studio Bellwether Pictures . The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and had its North American theatrical release on June 21 , 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vallis_Schröteri", "text": "Schroter 's Valley , frequently known by the Latinized name Vallis Schröteri , is a sinuous valley or rille on the surface of the near side of the Moon . It is located on a rise of continental ground , sometimes called the Aristarchus plateau , that is surrounded by the Oceanus Procellarum to the south and west and the Mare Imbrium to the northwest . At the southern edge of this rise are the craters Aristarchus and Herodotus . This is the largest sinuous rille on the Moon . It begins at a 6 km diameter crater located 25 km to the north of Herodotus . ( The start of the rille has been termed the Cobra 's Head by some observers , due to its resemblance to a snake . ) From the crater it follows a meandering path , first to the north , then setting a course toward the northwest , before finally bending back to the south until it reaches a 1 km high precipice at the edge of the Oceanus Procellarum . The rille has a maximum width of about 10 km , then gradually narrows to less than a kilometer near its terminus . The origins of this rille are believed to be volcanic . The interior floor has been resurfaced and is very level . However , there is a slender rille located on the floor , which can be photographed from Earth with a good telescope and good seeing . The rille has been the subject of numerous transient lunar phenomena observations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dangerous_Moonlight", "text": "Dangerous Moonlight ( US : Suicide Squadron ) is a 1941 British film , directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Anton Walbrook . Among the costumes , the gowns were designed by Cecil Beaton . The film is best known for its score written by Richard Addinsell , orchestrated by Roy Douglas , which includes the Warsaw Concerto ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_BNP_Paribas_Open", "text": "The 2014 BNP Paribas Open ( also known as the 2014 Indian Wells Masters ) was a professional tennis tournament that was played at Indian Wells , California , in March 2014 . It was the 41st edition of the men 's event ( 26th for the women ) , known as the BNP Paribas Open , and was classified as an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2014 ATP World Tour and a Premier Mandatory event on the 2014 WTA Tour . Both the men 's and the women 's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells , United States , from March 3 through March 16 , 2014 , on outdoor hard courts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jodhpur", "text": "Jodhpur ( /ˈdʒɒdpʊər/ ; pronounced [ ˈd͡ʒoːd̪ʱpʊr ] pronunciation ( help·info ) ) is the second-largest city in the Indian state of Rajasthan and officially the second metropolitan city of the state . It was formerly the seat of a princely state of the same name . Jodhpur was historically the capital of the Kingdom of Marwar , which is now part of Rajasthan . Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination , featuring many palaces , forts and temples , set in the stark landscape of the Thar Desert . It is popularly known as Blue city and Sun city among people of Rajasthan and all over India . The city is also said to be the cultural capital of Rajasthan state . The old city circles the fort and is bounded by a wall with several gates . However , the city has expanded greatly outside the wall over the past several decades . Jodhpur lies near the geographic center of the Rajasthan state , which makes it a convenient base for travel in a region much frequented by tourists . The city is also home to several educational institutions , the most prominent being AIIMS Jodhpur , IIT Jodhpur , SNMC Jodhpur , DSRRAU Jodhpur , NLU Jodhpur , NIFT Jodhpur . Many research institutes like Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) , Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) , Central Arid Zone Research Institute ( CAZRI ) , Arid Forest Research Institute ( AAFRI ) , Desert Medicine Research Centre ( DMRC ) are also located in the city ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Savvas_Pantelidis", "text": "Savvas Pantelidis ( Greek : Σάββας Παντελίδης , born 7 April 1965 ) is a Greek professional football manager and former player who is the head coach of Super League 1 club Atromitos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swimming_(sport)", "text": "Swimming is an individual or team racing sport that requires the use of one 's entire body to move through water . The sport takes place in pools or open water ( e.g. , in a sea or lake ) . Competitive swimming is one of the most popular Olympic sports , with varied distance events in butterfly , backstroke , breaststroke , freestyle , and individual medley . In addition to these individual events , four swimmers can take part in either a freestyle or medley relay . A medley relay consists of four swimmers who will each swim a different stroke , ordered as backstroke , breaststroke , butterfly and freestyle . Swimming each stroke requires a set of specific techniques ; in competition , there are distinct regulations concerning the acceptable form for each individual stroke . There are also regulations on what types of swimsuits , caps , jewelry and injury tape that are allowed at competitions . Although it is possible for competitive swimmers to incur several injuries from the sport , such as tendinitis in the shoulders or knees , there are also multiple health benefits associated with the sport ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_Issarak_Front", "text": "The United Issarak Front ( in Khmer : សមាគមខ្មែរឥស្សរៈ , Samakhum Khmer Issarak , lit . 'Khmer Issarak Front ' ) was a Cambodian anti-colonial movement 1950-1954. , organized by the left-wing members of the Khmer Issarak movement . The UIF coordinated the efforts of the movement as of 1950 , and waged war against the French Union forces . At the time of the Geneva Peace Conference in 1954 , it is estimated that UIF controlled about half of the Cambodian territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stade_National_de_la_Côte_d’Ivoire", "text": "The Stade Olympique d'Epimbé , nicknamed Arc de Triomphe , will be a multi-purpose stadium , which can host football , rugby and athletics , in Ebimpé and Anyama , in northern Abidjan , Ivory Coast . It will be the national stadium of the Ivory Coast national football team . The stadium will have a capacity of 60,000 and will be built by the Beijing Institute of Architectural Design . While the stadium itself will cover 20 hectares , a vast Olympic village is planned around it , spanning across 287 hectares . The ground was broken for the stadium on December 22 , 2016 by Prime Minister Daniel Kablan Duncan , with the presence of a China Ambassy in Ivory Coast representative . It 's expected to be built within 34 months and opened in 2019 . With a capacity of more than 60,000 seats , Chinese engineers promise that the stadium is going to be one the biggest and most modern stadiums in Africa . As on November 2019 , the stadium is near its completion . It 's expected to be delivered to the Government of Ivory Coast on February 2020 at later . The stadium is expected to host the opening ceremony and final of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nikaia_Olympic_Weightlifting_Hall", "text": "The Nikaia Olympic Weightlifting Hall is an indoor arena in Nikaia , in Athens . It hosted the weightlifting events at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece . The venue was officially opened on August 14 , 2004 , the day after the beginning of the Games . The building had a capacity of 5,100 , though only 3,500 seats are publicly available for the games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_cities_in_Vanuatu", "text": "Below is a partial list of populated places in Vanuatu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lumberland,_New_York", "text": "Lumberland is a town in Sullivan County , New York , United States . The population was 2,468 at the 2010 census . The Town of Lumberland is a rural community in the southwest part of the county ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cass_Park_Historic_District", "text": "The Cass Park Historic District is a historic district in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , consisting of 25 buildings along the streets of Temple , Ledyard , and 2nd , surrounding Cass Park . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 and designated a city of Detroit historic district in 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tifton,_Georgia", "text": "Tifton is a city in Tift County , Georgia , United States . The population was 16,869 at the 2010 census . The city is the county seat of Tift County . The area 's public schools are administered by the Tift County School District . Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College has its main campus in Tifton . Southern Regional Technical College and the University of Georgia also have Tifton campuses . Sites in the area include the Coastal Plain Research Arboretum , Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College , and the Georgia Museum of Agriculture & Historic Village . The Tifton Residential Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bowdon,_Greater_Manchester", "text": "Bowdon is a village and electoral ward in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford , Greater Manchester , England . Bowdon , Hale and Hale Barns together are regarded as the wealthiest areas in Greater Manchester , and similarly wealthy to Cheshire Golden Triangle towns Wilmslow , Alderley Edge and Prestbury . These towns and the area between them contain some of the most expensive properties in England outside London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Union_Church_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Union Church Presbyterian Church is a historic church on MS 550 in Union Church , Mississippi . It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register in 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cuzco", "text": "Cusco ( Spanish : Cuzco , Cusco [ ˈkusko ] ; Quechua : Qusqu , Qosqo [ ˈqʊsqʊ ] , [ ˈqɔsqɔ ] ) , often spelled Cuzco , is a city in southeastern Peru , near the Urubamba Valley of the Andes mountain range . It is the capital of the Cusco Region and of the Cusco Province . The city is the seventh most populous in Peru and , in 2017 it had a population of 428,450 . Located on the eastern end of the Knot of Cuzco , its elevation is around 3,400 m ( 11,200 ft ) . The city was the historic capital of the Inca Empire from the 13th century until the 16th-century Spanish conquest . In 1983 , Cusco was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO with the title City of Cuzco . It has become a major tourist destination , hosting nearly 2 million visitors a year . The Constitution of Peru designates it as the Historical Capital of Peru ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kultura_(TV_channel)", "text": "Russia-K ( Russian : Россия Культура , romanized : Rossiya Kul'tura ) is a Russian television network , broadcasting culture and arts-oriented shows . It belongs to the state-controlled VGTRK group . It was initially called RTR-2 , then renamed Kultura ( Culture ) on 1 January 1998 and finally on 1 January 2010 it was rebranded as Russia-K. From 78 Octоber 2004 to 3 September 2017 on the channel there was a block of European news channel Euronews . Between 2007 and 2010 in the daytime , a children 's channel called Bibigon was broadcast . The channel produces and rebroadcasts many of its own programs in the various fields of culture and science . The channel specializes in programs on Russian and world history , science , literature , music , fine and decorative arts , and architecture . Among the channel 's programs are cultural news channel programs , meetings with interesting people , documentary series , lectures by leading domestic and foreign scholars , programs , and discussions on various spheres of social life . The channel features talented people , such as artists , writers , artists , scientists , politicians . and military figures . The programs include classical music concerts , operas , ballets , and musical competitions . Sergey Shumakov has been the editor-in-chief since 2009 . The TV channel does not broadcast advertisements , but it promotes cultural events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BMX", "text": "BMX , an abbreviation for bicycle motocross or bike motocross , is a cycle sport performed on BMX bikes , either in competitive BMX racing or freestyle BMX , or else in general on- or off-road recreation . BMX began when young cyclists appropriated motocross tracks for fun , racing and stunts , eventually evolving specialized BMX bikes and competitions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Victoria_Napolitano", "text": "Victoria Napolitano ( born Victoria Lynne Spellman on August 16 , 1988 ) is an American Republican politician who is currently serving as a Councilwoman of Moorestown , New Jersey . She began her term on the Moorestown Township Council on January 7 , 2013 . She made history in 2015 by becoming Moorestown 's youngest Mayor ever at the age of 26 , and is the youngest female to ever hold the office of Mayor statewide . In 2016 , she served as the township 's Deputy Mayor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johor_FA", "text": "Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club II ( /jəˈhɔːr/ ; Malay : Kelab Bolasepak Johor Darul Ta'zim II ) or simply JDT II is a Malaysian football club based in Johor Bahru , Johor . The club currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League , the second division professional football league in Malaysia . Johor Darul Ta'zim II is a reserve team for Johor Darul Ta'zim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Music_Lesson", "text": "The Music Lesson , Woman Seated at a Virginal or A Lady at the Virginals with a Gentleman by Johannes Vermeer is a painting of a young female pupil receiving a music lesson from a man . The man 's mouth is slightly agape giving the impression that he is singing along with the music that the young girl is playing . This suggests that there is a relationship between the two figures and the idea of love and music being bridged together . This was a common theme among Netherlandish art in this time period . Vermeer uses linear perspective and his invention of the camera pictura to create the illusion of space and depth within the setting of the painted room . Vermeer consistently used the same objects within his paintings such as the draped rug , the white water jug , various instruments , tiled floor and windows that convey light and shadows . This is one of few paintings produced by Vermeer which were kept in his home until his death in 1675 when his family was forced to sell them . It became a part of the Royal Collection , and it is currently on display in the Picture Gallery at Buckingham Palace in London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BBC_Three", "text": "BBC Three was a British free-to-air television channel operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation . Launched on 9 February 2003 as a replacement for BBC Choice , the service 's remit was to provide innovative programming to a target audience of viewers between 16 and 34 years old , leveraging technology as well as new talent . Unlike its commercial rivals , 90% of BBC Three 's output originated from the United Kingdom . 70% was original , covering all genres , including animation , comedy , current affairs , and drama . BBC Three had a unique 60 Seconds format for its news bulletins , adopted so that operation of the channel could be completely automated , without the complication of dealing with variable-length live news broadcasts . The former controller of the station , Zai Bennett , left to join Sky Atlantic in July 2014 , at which point BBC Three commissioner Sam Bickley became acting controller . Until March 2016 , the network broadcast on Freeview , digital cable , IPTV and Satellite television platforms , and was on-air from 7 pm to around 4 am each night to share terrestrial television bandwidth with CBBC . In March 2014 , as a result of a planned £100 million budget cut across the BBC , it was proposed that BBC Three be discontinued as an 'open ' television service , and be converted to an over-the-top Internet television service with a smaller programming budget and a focus on short-form productions . Despite significant public opposition , the proposal was provisionally approved by the BBC Trust in June 2015 , with a new consultation open until 30 September of that year . The TV channel ceased operations on 16 February 2016 , replaced by an online-only version ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toonami", "text": "Toonami ( /tuːˈnɑːmi/ too-NAH-mee ) is a television programming block that primarily consists of Japanese anime and American action animation . It was created by Sean Akins and Jason DeMarco and produced by Williams Street , a division of Warner Bros. Entertainment . The name is a portmanteau of the words cartoon and tsunami . It currently broadcasts every Saturday night from 11:30 p.m. to 4 a.m . ET . Toonami initially ran as an afternoon and evening block on Cartoon Network , primarily aimed at boys aged 9-14 from 1997 to 2008 . In its original run , the block was known for showcasing action anime that became widely popular with American audiences . It was also recognized for its distinctive space-themed backdrop , anime music videos , drum and bass-flavored soundtrack , and host ( a robot named T.O.M. , short for Toonami Operations Module ) . On May 26 , 2012 , Toonami was relaunched as a block on Adult Swim . The current incarnation is a rebrand of Adult Swim 's Saturday night action block ( itself inherited from Toonami 's Midnight Run block ) , which primarily airs mature Japanese animation , though the block has also aired reruns of action shows seen on Cartoon Network ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ein_Stück_Himmel", "text": "Ein Stück Himmel is a German television series based on Janina David 's autobiography A Square of Sky : A Jewish Childhood in Wartime Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1998_in_video_gaming", "text": "1998 saw many sequels and prequels in video games and several new titles such as Half-Life , Metal Gear Solid , F-Zero X , The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , Gex : Enter the Gecko , Xenogears , Banjo-Kazooie , Spyro the Dragon and MediEvil . The year has been retrospectively considered one of the best in video gaming due to the release of several critically acclaimed , commercially successful and influential titles across all platforms and genres ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forum_Fiza_Mall", "text": "Forum Fiza Mall is the fourth largest mall in Karnataka , located on Pandeshwar road in Mangalore , 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) away from the Mangalore Central railway station . Popularly known as Forum Mall , it was opened to the public in May , 2014 . It provides shopping , dining , entertainment and leisure activities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.C._Milan", "text": "Associazione Calcio Milan ( Italian pronunciation : [ assotʃatˈtsjoːne ˈkaltʃo ˈmiːlan ] ) , commonly referred to as A.C. Milan or simply Milan , is a professional football club in Milan , Italy , founded in 1899 . The club has spent its entire history , with the exception of the 1980-81 and 1982-83 seasons , in the top flight of Italian football , known as Serie A since 1929-30 . A.C. Milan 's 18 FIFA and UEFA trophies is the fourth highest out of any club ( joint with Boca Juniors ) , and the most out of any Italian club . Milan has won a joint record three Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup , seven European Cup/Champions League titles ( Italian record ) , the UEFA Super Cup a joint record five times and the Cup Winners ' Cup twice . With 18 league titles , Milan is also the joint-second most successful club in Serie A , along with local rivals Internazionale and behind Juventus ( 35 league titles ) . They have also won the Coppa Italia five times , and the Supercoppa Italiana seven . Milan 's home games are played at San Siro , also known as the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza . The stadium , which is shared with city rivals Internazionale , is the largest in Italian football , with a total capacity of 80,018 . Inter are considered their biggest rivals , and matches between the two teams are called Derby della Madonnina , which is one of the most followed derbies in football . The club is one of the wealthiest in Italian and world football . It was a founding member of the now-defunct G-14 group of Europe 's leading football clubs as well as its replacement , the European Club Association ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2018–19_Serie_C", "text": "The 2018-19 Serie C was the fifth season of the unified Serie C division , the third tier of the Italian football league system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bertram_Ashburnham,_5th_Earl_of_Ashburnham", "text": "Bertram Ashburnham , 5th Earl of Ashburnham ( 28 October 1840 - 15 January 1913 ) was a British peer . He was the English agent for the Spanish Carlist cause , and a supporter of Irish Home Rule . He sold off the Ashburnham collection of manuscripts which the 4th Earl had collected ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Washington_Wizards", "text": "The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington , D.C . The Wizards compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Southeast Division . The team plays its home games at the Capital One Arena , in the Chinatown neighborhood of Washington , D.C . The franchise was established in 1961 as the Chicago Packers based in Chicago , Illinois , and were renamed to Chicago Zephyrs the following season . In 1963 , they relocated to Baltimore , Maryland , and became the Baltimore Bullets , taking the name from a previous team of the same name . In 1973 , the team changed its name to the Capital Bullets to reflect their move to the Washington metropolitan area , and then to Washington Bullets in the following season . In 1997 , they rebranded themselves as the Wizards . The Wizards have appeared in four NBA Finals , and won in 1978 . They have had a total of 28 playoff appearances , won four conference titles ( 1971 , 1975 , 1978 , 1979 ) , and seven division titles ( 1971 , 1972 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1979 , 2017 ) . Their best season came in 1975 with a record of 60-22 . Wes Unseld is the only player in franchise history to become the MVP ( 1969 ) , and win the Finals MVP award ( 1978 ) . Four players ( Walt Bellamy , Terry Dischinger , Earl Monroe and Wes Unseld ) have won the Rookie of the Year award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Nemelka", "text": "Richard S. Dick Nemelka ( born October 1 , 1943 ) is a retired American professional basketball player for the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lower_Shabelle", "text": "Lower Shabelle ( Somali : Shabeellaha Hoose , Arabic : شبيلي السفلى , Italian : Basso Scebeli ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in southern Somalia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Briskeby_Arena", "text": "Briskeby Arena , previously known as Briskeby gressbane , is an all-seater football stadium located at Briskebyen in Hamar , Norway . It is home to the Norwegian First Division side Hamarkameratene ( Ham-Kam ) and is owned by Hamar Municipality . The venue has artificial turf , three stands and a capacity for 8,068 spectators . It was used for the 1938 Norwegian Football Cup Final - which saw the venue 's record 14,500 spectators - and has also hosted five Norway national under-21 football team matches between 1984 and 2011 . Construction started in 1934 and the venue opened on 28 June 1936 as the first home venue for Briskebyen FL . The club merged with Hamar AIL in 1946 to form Ham-Kam . The new club has played since 1970 played 22 seasons in the top tier , having been relegated eight times , most recently in 2008 . Ham-Kam 's record home attendance is 11,500 , dating from a 1976 match against Lillestrøm . In 1984 , the club house was rebuilt with luxury boxes and a new 2,400-seat East Stand was built . The investments lead the club into financial distress , and in 1993 the municipality had to purchase the venue to save the club . Planning of a new or upgraded venue started in 2001 , construction started in 2007 and the first stage was completed the following year . It cost 111 million Norwegian krone ( NOK ) , having suffered large cost overruns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TSN_Radio", "text": "TSN Radio is a semi-national sports radio brand and part-time network in Canada carried on AM radio stations owned by Bell Media Radio . The TSN Radio brand , and some of the stations ' content , is shared with Bell Media 's television sports channel , The Sports Network . With the American sports media company ESPN being a minority shareholder in TSN , most of the stations also air some ESPN Radio programming , usually on weekends and/or overnight . TSN Radio currently operates stations in Toronto ( CHUM 1050 ) , Montreal ( CKGM 690 ) , Ottawa ( CFGO 1200 ) , Hamilton ( CKOC 1150 ) , Winnipeg ( CFRW 1290 ) , Edmonton ( CFRN 1260 ) , and Vancouver ( CKST 1040 ) . However , each station produces the vast majority of its programming locally , apart from some live event broadcasts as well as U.S.-produced syndicated programming . Unlike sports radio networks in the United States , there is no all-day 'network ' feed , and very few Canadian-produced programs are simulcast nationally ( though some local programs are simulcast on TSN 's TV channels ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Middlesbrough_F.C.", "text": "Middlesbrough Football Club ( /ˈmɪdəlzbrə/ ( listen ) MID-əlz-brə ) is a professional association football club based in Middlesbrough , North Yorkshire , England . They are currently competing in the EFL Championship , the second tier of English football . Formed in 1876 , they have played at the Riverside Stadium since 1995 , their third ground since turning professional in 1889 . The club played at the Linthorpe Road ground from 1882 to 1903 and at Ayresome Park for 92 years , from 1903 to 1995 . Middlesbrough were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992 and became one of the first clubs to be relegated from it following the 1992-93 season . The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before it was saved by a consortium led by then board member and later chairman Steve Gibson . The club 's main rivals are Sunderland , Newcastle United and Leeds United . The club 's achievements include winning the League Cup in 2004 , their first and to date only major trophy , and they also reached the 2006 UEFA Cup Final , losing to Spanish club Sevilla . Their highest league finish to date was third place in the top flight in the 1913-14 season and the club have only spent two seasons outside the top two divisions of English football . The League Cup win and the UEFA Cup run was part of an 11-year consecutive stay in the Premier League , before a relegation in 2009 . Although the club returned in 2016 , instant relegation followed . The club 's traditional kit is red with white detailing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Marshall_(UK_broadcaster)", "text": "Peter Marshall ( born 11 April 1945 in Derry , Northern Ireland ) is a British broadcaster . He was educated at St. Columb 's College in Derry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Babe_Didrikson_Zaharias", "text": "Mildred Ella Babe Didrikson Zaharias ( /zəˈhɑːriəs/ ; June 26 , 1911 - September 27 , 1956 ) was an American athlete who excelled in golf , basketball , baseball and track and field . She won two gold medals in track and field at the 1932 Summer Olympics , before turning to professional golf and winning 10 LPGA major championships . She is widely regarded as one of the greatest athletes of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blackout_(Britney_Spears_album)", "text": "Blackout is the fifth studio album by American singer Britney Spears . It was released on October 30 , 2007 , by Jive Records . It was originally scheduled to be released on November 13 in the United States , but was rush-released after being leaked online . The album was recorded between 2006 and 2007 , during which time Spears ' personal struggles and erratic behavior were highly publicized and overshadowed her professional projects . Spears collaborated with producers including Danja , Bloodshy & Avant , Sean Garrett , and The Neptunes . Blackout is a primarily dance-pop and electropop record with Euro disco and dubstep influences ; lyrical themes revolve around love , fame , media scrutiny , sex , and clubbing . The project features a more foreboding and atmospheric tone compared to Spears ' previous albums . Blackout received generally positive reviews from music critics , some of whom described it as Spears ' most progressive and consistent album . It debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 290,000 copies after a last-minute rule change , and became Spears ' first studio album not to debut at number one in the United States . However , it was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for exceeding one million shipments . The album charted within the top ten of several national charts internationally and has topped the albums chart in Canada , Ireland , and the pan-European Top 100 Albums and has attained several certifications worldwide , including gold certification in seven countries , platinum in four countries , and multi-platinum in Russia . The singles Gim me More , Piece of Me , and Break the Ice respectively peaked at numbers three , 18 , and 43 on the US Billboard Hot 100 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rozonda_Thomas", "text": "Rozonda Ocielian Thomas ( born February 27 , 1971 ) , known professionally as Chilli , is an American singer-songwriter , dancer , actress , television personality and model who rose to fame in the early 1990s as a member of group TLC , one of the best-selling girl groups of the 20th century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kilbirnie_Ladeside_F.C.", "text": "Kilbirnie Ladeside Football Club are a Scottish football club , from Kilbirnie , North Ayrshire . Based at Valefield Park , they are members of the Scottish Junior Football Association and currently play in the West Super League Premier Division . Their main rivals are Beith Juniors . The club nickname , The Blasties , derives from a Robert Burns poem , The Inventory , written in 1786 . My furr-ahin 's a wordy beast , As e'er in tug or tow was traced . The fourth 's a Highland Donald hastle , A damn 'd red-wud Kilburnie blastie !"}
{"title": "/wiki/Bugaba_District", "text": "Bugaba District ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈbuɣaβa ] ) is a district ( distrito ) of Chiriquí Province in Panama . The population according to the 2000 census was 68,570 . The district covers a total area of 884 km² . The capital lies at the city of La Concepción ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Denver_Pioneers", "text": "The Denver Pioneers are the sports teams of the University of Denver ( DU ) . They play in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I. Denver is a member of The Summit League for men 's and women 's basketball , swimming and diving , men 's and women 's soccer , tennis and golf for both men and women , plus women 's volleyball . Other DU teams play in various conferences in the sports that are not sponsored by The Summit . The men 's ice hockey team is a charter member of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference ( NCHC ) , which formed in 2011 with play beginning in 2013 . The lacrosse teams for men and women are members of the Big East Conference ; the men began Big East play in the 2013-14 school year ( 2014 season ) , while the women left the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation ( MPSF ) after the 2016 lacrosse season . Men 's and women 's skiing compete in the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association , while the women 's gymnastics team became an affiliate of the Big 12 Conference starting with the 2015-16 season . The University has been fielding athletic teams since 1867 . DU 's athletic teams are known as the Pioneers . In the early years of competition from the 1860s to the early 1920s , Denver had no official nickname , but sports writers of the day referred to Denver teams as the Ministers or Fighting Parsons in homage to the Methodist heritage of the school . Denver officially became the Pioneers in 1925 , after the result of a student nickname contest , and that nickname has been in place ever since . With over 200 All Americans , 33 NCAA Championships , and 65 Olympians in its history , there is a long tradition of excellence in Pioneer sports . Today , DU operates a full NCAA Division I athletic program with a unique and successful mix of sports in and around the $ 85 million Daniel Ritchie Center for Sports and Wellness , which was completed in 2000 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laguna_(province)", "text": "Laguna , officially the Province of Laguna ( Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Laguna ; Spanish : Provincia de Laguna ) , is a province in the Philippines , located in the Calabarzon region in Luzon . Its capital is Santa Cruz and the province is situated southeast of Metro Manila , south of the province of Rizal , west of Quezon , north of Batangas and east of Cavite . Laguna hugs the southern shores of Laguna de Bay , the largest lake in the country . As of the 2015 census , the province 's total population is 3,035,081 . It is also currently the seventh richest province in the country . Laguna is notable as the birthplace of Jose Rizal , the country 's national hero . It is also famous for attractions like Pagsanjan Falls , the University of the Philippines Los Baños and the University of the Philippines Open University in Los Baños , the hot spring resorts of Calamba on the slopes of Mount Makiling , Pila historic town plaza , Taytay Falls in Majayjay , the wood carvings and papier-mâché created by the people of Paeté , the annual Sampaguita Festival in San Pedro , the turumba of Pakil , the tsinelas footwears from Liliw , the Pandan Festival of Luisiana , the Seven Lakes of San Pablo , and the Nagcarlan Underground Cemetery in Nagcarlan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HMS_Mandrake_(K287)", "text": "USS Haste ( PG-92 ) , was one of a group of Canadian corvettes turned over to the United States Navy and manned by the Coast Guard . She was laid down as CN-310 by Morton Engineering & Dry Dock Co. , Quebec , Canada , and launched on 22 August 1942 as HMS Mandrake . She was taken over by the US Navy , renamed Haste and commissioned on 6 April 1943 , Lieutenant W. A. Dobbs , USCG commanding . Haste took up regular escort duties following shakedown , making ten voyages to Newfoundland or the Caribbean before November 1944 . Small patrol ships such as Haste did much to lessen the effect of U-boat patrols on allied commerce during this critical period of the war . During the period November 1944 - May 1945 the corvette served on patrol duty for 10-day periods out of New York . After making two more escort voyages to Newfoundland and return , the ship departed New York 2 July for Charleston , South Carolina , where she arrived 3 days later . Haste decommissioned 3 October 1945 and was returned to the Maritime Commission ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1921–22_FAI_Cup", "text": "The FAI Cup 1921-22 was the first ever edition of Ireland 's premier cup competition , The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup . The tournament began on 14 January 1922 and concluded on 8 April with the final replay held at Dalymount Park , Dublin . An official attendance [ A ] of 10,000 people watched St James 's Gate complete the League and Cup Double by defeating Shamrock Rovers in a fixture marred by violence . The winning goal was scored by John Jack Kelly ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kangar", "text": "Kangar is the state capital of Perlis , Malaysia . It has a population of 48,898 and an area of 2,619.4 ha . It is located in the northernmost point of Peninsular Malaysia and is situated by the Perlis River . The centre of Kangar is Sena Province . The town is the smallest state capital in Malaysia and its inhabitants are mostly farmers and civil servants . The name Kangar was derived from a type of tree ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pitcher", "text": "In baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher 's mound toward the catcher to begin each play , with the goal of retiring a batter , who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk . In the numbering system used to record defensive plays , the pitcher is assigned the number 1 . The pitcher is often considered the most important player on the defensive side of the game , and as such is situated at the right end of the defensive spectrum . There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer . Traditionally , the pitcher also bats . Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading to further leagues throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter , a cause of some controversy . The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues that have not adopted the designated hitter position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Southland_Conference", "text": "The Southland Conference , abbreviated to SLC , is a collegiate athletic conference which operates in the South Central United States ( specifically Texas , Louisiana , and Arkansas ) . It participates in the NCAA 's Division I for all sports ; for football , it participates in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . The Southland sponsors 18 sports , 10 for women and eight for men , and is governed by a presidential Board of Directors and an Advisory Council of athletic and academic administrators . Tom Burnett was named the Southland 's sixth commissioner on Dec. 23 , 2002 . From 1996 to 2002 , for football only , the Southland Conference was known as the Southland Football League . The conference 's offices are located in the Dallas suburb of Frisco , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Frazier", "text": "Tim Frazier ( born November 1 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The point guard played high school basketball for Strake Jesuit College Preparatory and competed at the collegiate level with Penn State . He earned various accolades with Penn State , including first-team All-Big Ten and All-Big Ten Defensive team honors , both as a junior in 2012 . Frazier suffered an injury in his fourth year with the team , forcing him to redshirt the season . In his final season , he was named a Senior CLASS Award finalist and to the Bob Cousy Award watch list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_islands_of_Vanuatu", "text": "This is a list of islands of Vanuatu by province , largely from north to south , subdivided by archipelago when appropriate . Vanuatu is usually said to contain 83 islands ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elsa_y_Elmar", "text": "Elsa y Elmar is the name of the musical project of Elsa Carvajal , a singer-songwriter from Colombia . Describing her songs as spiritual pop , in 2014 she won the Grand Prize in the Latin category of the John Lennon Songwriting Contest for her song Me Viene Bien , and in 2016 she played in front of 40,000 people as the opening act for Coldplay at their concert at the Estadio El Campín in Bogotá ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chola", "text": "The Chola dynasty was a Tamil dynasty of southern India , one of the longest-ruling dynasties in the world 's history . The earliest datable references to the Chola are in inscriptions from the 3rd century BCE left by Ashoka , of the Maurya Empire ( Ashoka Major Rock Edict No.13 ) . As one of the Three Crowned Kings of Tamilakam , along with the Chera and Pandya , the dynasty continued to govern over varying territory until the 13th century CE . Despite these ancient origins , the period when it is appropriate to speak of a Chola Empire only begins with the medieval Cholas in the mid-9th century CE . The heartland of the Cholas was the fertile valley of the Kaveri River , but they ruled a significantly larger area at the height of their power from the later half of the 9th century till the beginning of the 13th century . The whole country south of the Tungabhadra was united and held as one state for a period of three centuries and more between 907 and 1215 AD . Under Rajaraja Chola I and his successors Rajendra Chola I , Rajadhiraja Chola , Virarajendra Chola , and Kulothunga Chola I , the dynasty became a military , economic and cultural power in South Asia and South-East Asia . The power of the new empire was proclaimed to the eastern world by the expedition to the Ganges which Rajendra Chola I undertook and by naval raids on cities of the city-state of Srivijaya , as well as by the repeated embassies to China . The Chola fleet represented the zenith of ancient Indian sea power . During the period 1010-1153 , the Chola territories stretched from the islands of the Maldives in the south to as far north as the banks of the Godavari River in Andhra Pradesh . Rajaraja Chola conquered peninsular South India , annexed parts of which is now Sri Lanka and occupied the islands of the Maldives . Rajendra Chola sent a victorious expedition to North India that touched the river Ganges and defeated the Pala ruler of Pataliputra , Mahipala ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ici_Radio-Canada_Première", "text": "Ici Radio-Canada Première ( formerly Première Chaîne ) is a Canadian French-language radio network , the news and information service of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( known as Société Radio-Canada in French ) , the public broadcaster of Canada . It is the French counterpart of CBC Radio One , the CBC 's similar English-language radio network . The service is available across Canada , although not as widely as CBC Radio One . Only the provinces of Quebec and Ontario are served by more than one Première originating station . In all other provinces , the whole province is served by a single station with multiple transmitters . The network does , however , reach 90 percent of all Canadian francophones . Each originating station outside Montreal airs a national schedule , taken from flagship station CBF-FM , complete with opted-out local/regional shows at peak times , depending on each market . News bulletins are aired live , irrespective of location . The network may broadcast on either the AM or FM bands , depending on the market . A national version is available across North America on Sirius XM Canada channel 170 . Première was available in Europe , North Africa and the Middle East live via the Hot Bird satellite . The satellite service closed in June 2012 as part of the budget measures affecting Radio Canada International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1824_Indiana's_1st_congressional_district_special_election", "text": "On September 8 , 1824 , William Prince ( DR-Jackson ) , of Indiana 's 1st district died . A special election was held to fill the vacancy left in Indiana 's congressional representation by his death"}
{"title": "/wiki/Kevin_Buchanan", "text": "Kevin Buchanan ( born Kevin Lord Riley ) is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live . The character is the first child born to original lead protagonists Victoria Lord and Joe Riley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Karst", "text": "Michael Karst ( born 28 January 1952 in Mannheim ) is a retired 3000 m steeplechaser from West Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Albert_Kahn_House", "text": "The Albert Kahn House is located at 208 Mack Avenue in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , within the Brush Park district . It is currently the headquarters of the Detroit Urban League . The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Grabbers", "text": "Grabbers is a 2012 British-Irish monster film directed by Jon Wright and written by Kevin Lehane . The film stars Richard Coyle , Ruth Bradley , Bronagh Gallagher and Russell Tovey among an ensemble cast of Irish actors ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Athletics", "text": "The Oakland Athletics , a current Major League Baseball franchise , originated in Philadelphia . This article details the history of the Philadelphia Athletics , from 1901 to 1954 , when they moved to Kansas City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Healthcare", "text": "Health care , health-care , or healthcare is the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention , diagnosis , treatment , recovery , or cure of disease , illness , injury , and other physical and mental impairments in people . Health care is delivered by health professionals in allied health fields . Physicians and physician associates are a part of these health professionals . Dentistry , pharmacy , midwifery , nursing , medicine , optometry , audiology , psychology , occupational therapy , physical therapy , athletic training and other health professions are all part of health care . It includes work done in providing primary care , secondary care , and tertiary care , as well as in public health . Access to health care may vary across countries , communities , and individuals , influenced by social and economic conditions as well as health policies . Providing health care services means the timely use of personal health services to achieve the best possible health outcomes . Factors to consider in terms of healthcare access include financial limitations ( such as insurance coverage ) , geographic barriers ( such as additional transportation costs , possibility to take paid time off of work to use such services ) , and personal limitations ( lack of ability to communicate with healthcare providers , poor health literacy , low income ) . Limitations to health care services affects negatively the use of medical services , efficacy of treatments , and overall outcome ( well-being , mortality rates ) . Health care systems are organizations established to meet the health needs of targeted populations . According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , a well-functioning health care system requires a financing mechanism , a well-trained and adequately paid workforce , reliable information on which to base decisions and policies , and well maintained health facilities to deliver quality medicines and technologies . An efficient health care system can contribute to a significant part of a country 's economy , development and industrialization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Sefton_Moorhouse", "text": "William Sefton Moorhouse ( c.1825 - 15 September 1881 ) was a British-born New Zealand politician . He was the second Superintendent of Canterbury Province ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amancio_Ortega", "text": "Amancio Ortega Gaona ( Spanish pronunciation : [ aˈmanθjo oɾˈteɣa ɣaˈona ] ; born 28 March 1936 ) is a Spanish billionaire businessman . He is the founder and former chairman of Inditex fashion group , best known for its chain of Zara clothing and accessories shops . As of December 2019 , Ortega had a net worth of $ 68.3 billion , making him the second-wealthiest person in Europe after Bernard Arnault , and the sixth-wealthiest in the world . For a brief period of time in 2015 , he was the richest man in the world , bypassing Bill Gates when his net worth peaked to $ 80 billion as Zara 's parent company , Inditexs , stock peaked . He is the head of the Ortega family and the second wealthiest retailer in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Davies_Ormond", "text": "John Davies Ormond ( 1831 - 6 October 1917 ) was a New Zealand politician whose positions included Superintendent of Hawke 's Bay Province , Minister of Public Works and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tupynambás_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Tupynambás Futebol Clube , commonly known as Tupynambás , is a Brazilian football club based in Juiz de Fora , Minas Gerais state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Voigts", "text": "Werner Robert Voigts ( March 29 , 1916 - December 7 , 2000 ) was an American football and basketball player and coach . He served as the head football coach at Northwestern University from 1947 to 1954 , compiling a record of 33-39-1 . Voigts led the 1948 Northwestern Wildcats team to the Rose Bowl , the first in school history , where they defeated California , 20-14 . Voigts was a native of Evanston , Illinois , where Northwestern 's main campus is located . He attended Northwestern and played on the school 's football team between 1936 and 1938 . In his sophomore year , the Wildcats won the Big Ten Conference , and Voigts was named an All-American tackle . After college , Voigts served as an assistant football coach and head basketball coach at Illinois Wesleyan University before moving briefly to Yale University , where he was a football line coach . He entered the U.S. Navy during World War II in 1942 and was stationed outside of Chicago where he met Paul Brown , the head coach of the base 's football team . When Brown became head coach of the Cleveland Browns after the war , he hired Voigts as a tackle coach . After a year with the Browns , Voigts became head coach at Northwestern . Voigts resigned as Northwestern 's head coach in 1955 , citing growing criticism of his coaching after a string of losing seasons . He left football but stayed in Evanston , where he ran a real estate business for 30 years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Gibson_(academic)", "text": "Emeritus Professor R. Dennis Gibson , AO is a British-born Australian academic and mathematician He was the Chancellor of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology ( RMIT University ) in Melbourne , Australia , from 2003-2010 . He is a member of the Council of Bond University on the Gold Coast , Australia , and a Visiting Professor at the University of Greenwich in London , England . He served as the Vice-Chancellor of the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane , Australia , for 21 years , before he retired in 2003 and was appointed the Chancellor of RMIT ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xichang_Satellite_Launch_Center", "text": "The Xichang Satellite Launch Center ( XSLC ) , also known as the Xichang Space Center , is a People 's Republic of China space vehicle launch facility ( spaceport ) approximately 64 kilometres ( 40 miles ) northwest of Xichang , Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan . The facility became operational in 1984 and is primarily used to launch powerful thrust rockets and geostationary communications and weather satellites . It is notable as the site of Sino-European space cooperation , with the launch of the first of two Double Star scientific satellites in December 2003 . Chinese officials have indicated interest in conducting additional international satellite launches from XSLC . In 1996 , a fatal accident occurred when the rocket carrying the Intelsat 708 satellite failed on launch from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center . Also , a 2007 test of an anti-satellite missile occurred from the center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ängsö_Castle", "text": "Ängsö Castle ( older spelling Engsö Castle ) is a castle in Sweden , located near Västerås ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madame_X_(1966_film)", "text": "Madame X is a 1966 American drama film directed by David Lowell Rich and starring Lana Turner . It is based on the 1908 play Madame X by French playwright Alexandre Bisson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Appa_(2016_film)", "text": "Appa ( English : Father ) is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language independent drama film written and directed by Samuthirakani and is produced by Sasikumar who also plays a guest appearance . The film is a spin-off to the 2012 film Saattai and features Samuthirakani and Thambi Ramaiah reprising their roles from the previous film , while Namo Narayanan , Vignesh and Nasath play supporting roles . Featuring music composed by Ilaiyaraaja , the film began production in late 2015 and continued till March 2016 . The film was released on 1 July 2016 . The film was remade in Malayalam as Aakashamittayi ( 2017 ) with Jayaram playing the main lead ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lieutenant_Governor_of_Illinois", "text": "The Lieutenant Governor of Illinois is the second highest executive of the State of Illinois . In Illinois , the lieutenant governor and governor run on a joint ticket , and are directly elected by popular vote . Candidates for lieutenant governor ran separately in the primary from candidates for governor until 2014 , when the system was changed to allow the gubernatorial nominee of a party to select the nominee for lieutenant governor . When the Governor of Illinois becomes unable to discharge the duties of that office , the lieutenant governor becomes acting governor . If the Governor dies , resigns or is removed from office , the lieutenant governor becomes governor . Under the Illinois Constitution , the Attorney General is next in line of succession to the Governor 's office after the lieutenant governor , but does not succeed to the Lieutenant Governor 's office . From the impeachment of Rod Blagojevich in 2009 until the inauguration of Sheila Simon in 2011 , Attorney General Lisa Madigan would have become Governor if Pat Quinn had vacated the office . Historically , the lieutenant governor has been from either the Democratic Party or Republican Party . The current lieutenant governor is Democrat Juliana Stratton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Israel", "text": "Israel , formally known as the State of Israel ( Hebrew : מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל ) , is a country in Western Asia , located on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea . It has land borders with Lebanon to the north , Syria to the northeast , Jordan on the east , the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west , respectively , and Egypt to the southwest . The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area . Israel 's economic and technological center is Tel Aviv , while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem , although the state 's sovereignty over Jerusalem has only partial recognition . [ fn 4 ] Israel has evidence of the earliest migration of hominids out of Africa . Canaanite tribes are archaeologically attested since the Middle Bronze Age , while the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah emerged during the Iron Age . The Neo-Assyrian Empire destroyed Israel around 720 BCE . Judah was later conquered by the Babylonian , Persian and Hellenistic empires and had existed as Jewish autonomous provinces . The successful Maccabean Revolt led to an independent Hasmonean kingdom by 110 BCE , which in 63 BCE however became a client state of the Roman Republic that subsequently installed the Herodian dynasty in 37 BCE , and in 6 CE created the Roman province of Judea . Judea lasted as a Roman province until the failed Jewish revolts resulted in widespread destruction , the expulsion of the Jewish population and the renaming of the region from Iudaea to Syria Palaestina . Jewish presence in the region has persisted to a certain extent over the centuries . In the 7th century CE , the Levant was taken from the Byzantine Empire by the Arabs and remained in Muslim control until the First Crusade of 1099 , followed by the Ayyubid conquest of 1187 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andar_Conmigo", "text": "Andar Conmigo ( English : Walk with me , Literally : Walk with me ) is the first single from the Mexican singer Julieta Venegas third studio album Sí . The song was nominated for Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kalinga_architecture", "text": "The Kaḷinga architectural style is a style of Hindu architecture which flourished in the ancient Kalinga previously known as Utkal and part of the kingdom of Magadha or present eastern Indian state of Odisha . The style consists of three distinct types of temples : Rekha Deula , Pidha Deula and Khakhara Deula . The former two are associated with Vishnu , Surya and Shiva temples while the third is mainly with Chamunda and Durga temples . The Rekha Deula and Khakhara Deula houses the sanctum sanctorum while the Pidha Deula constitutes outer dancing and offering halls . In Kalinga , the ancient land of Sakta cult , divine iconography existed since the mythological era . Present day research implies that idols ( deities ) were placed under auspicious Trees in the ancient days . And maybe today a Temple in general carries various minute details and the overall shape of some heritage tree . The various aspects of a typical Kalinga Temple include Architectural stipulations , Iconography , historical connotations and honoring the traditions , customs and associated legends ."}
{"title": "/wiki/College_of_Charleston", "text": "The College of Charleston ( also known as CofC , The College , or Charleston ) is a public liberal arts college in Charleston , South Carolina . Founded in 1770 and chartered in 1785 , it is the oldest college in South Carolina , the 13th oldest institution of higher learning in the United States , and the oldest municipal college in the country . The founders of the college include three future signers of the Declaration of Independence ( Edward Rutledge , Arthur Middleton , and Thomas Heyward ) and three future signers of the United States Constitution ( John Rutledge , Charles Pinckney , and Charles Cotesworth Pinckney ) . Founded to encourage and institute youth in the several branches of liberal education , it is one of the oldest universities in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1981_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1981 Big Sky Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was the sixth edition of the tournament , and was held March 6-7 at the Kibbie Dome at the University of Idaho in Moscow , Idaho . Top-seeded Idaho defeated Montana in the championship game , 70-64 , to clinch their first Big Sky men 's basketball tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1945_NFL_season", "text": "The 1945 NFL season was the 26th regular season of the National Football League . The Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Cardinals resumed their traditional operations . The Brooklyn Tigers and the Boston Yanks merged for this one season . The combined team , known simply as The Yanks , played four games at Boston 's Fenway Park and one game at New York 's Yankee Stadium . After Brooklyn Tigers owner Dan Topping announced his intentions to join the new All-America Football Conference , his NFL team was immediately revoked after the season and all of its players were assigned to the Boston Yanks . The season ended when the Cleveland Rams defeated the Washington Redskins in the NFL Championship Game in Cleveland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PKNS_F.C.", "text": "Football Association of Selangor II ( Malay : Persatuan Bolasepak Selangor II ) , also named Selangor II , is the reserve team of Selangor , and based in Shah Alam , in the state of Selangor . Founded in 1967 as part of the sports and recreation club for the Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ( Malay : Kelab Sukan dan Rekreasi Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor ) ( KSR PKNS ) . The club was combined with Football Association of Selangor at end of 2019 as one club and was rebranded as a football club to be known as Selangor II . The team formerly known PKNS FC was then converted into a reserve team as part of the feeder club regulations and will begin the 2020 season as a reserve team of Selangor FA and will play in Premier League , holding home games at Selayang Stadium , with a 16,000-seat capacity . Unlike in England , reserve teams in Malaysia play in the same football pyramid as their first team rather than a separate league . However , reserve teams can not play in the same division as their first team . Therefore , the team is ineligible for promotion to Malaysia Super League , the division in which their parent side competes . Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the cup competitions . The team is officially known as Selangor II on the club 's official promotion and website , but Malaysian Football League , the governing body of Malaysia football League football system rules prohibit reserve teams from having different names than their parent team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boston_Bruins", "text": "The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The team has been in existence since 1924 , and is the league 's third-oldest team overall and the oldest in the United States . It is also an Original Six franchise , along with the Chicago Blackhawks , Detroit Red Wings , Montreal Canadiens , New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs . The Bruins have won six Stanley Cup championships , tied for fourth most of all-time with the Blackhawks and tied second-most of any American NHL team also with the Blackhawks ( behind the Red Wings , who have 11 ) . The first facility to host the Bruins was the Boston Arena ( today 's Matthews Arena ) - the world 's oldest ( built 1909-10 ) indoor ice hockey facility still in use for the sport at any level of competition - and following the Bruins ' departure from the Boston Arena , the team played its home games at the Boston Garden for 67 seasons , beginning in 1928 and concluding in 1995 , when they moved to the TD Garden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zürcher_Oberländer", "text": "Zürcher Oberländer , commonly shortened to ZOL , is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper , published in Wetzikon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wind_in_the_Willows", "text": "The Wind in the Willows is a children 's novel by Scottish novelist Kenneth Grahame , first published in 1908 . Alternatingly slow-moving and fast-paced , it focuses on four anthropomorphised animals : Mole , Rat ( a European water vole ) , Toad , and Badger . They live in a pastoral version of Edwardian England . The novel is notable for its mixture of mysticism , adventure , morality , and camaraderie , and celebrated for its evocation of the nature of the Thames Valley . In 1908 , Grahame retired from his position as secretary of the Bank of England . He moved back to Berkshire , where he had lived as a child , and spent his time by the River Thames , doing much as the animal characters in his book do - to quote , simply messing about in boats - and expanding the bedtime stories he had earlier told his son Alastair into a manuscript for the book . The novel was in its 31st printing when playwright A . A. Milne adapted part of it for the stage as Toad of Toad Hall in 1929 . In 1949 , the first film adaptation was produced by Walt Disney as one of two segments in the package film The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad . In 2003 , The Wind in the Willows was listed at # 16 in the BBC 's survey The Big Read . More than a century after its original publication , it was adapted again for the stage , as a 2016 musical by Julian Fellowes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bellarmine_University", "text": "Bellarmine University ( BU ; /ˈbɛlərmɪn/ BEL-ər-min ) is a private Catholic university in Louisville , Kentucky . The liberal arts institution opened on October 3 , 1950 , as Bellarmine College , established by Archbishop John A. Floersh of the Archdiocese of Louisville and named after the Cardinal Saint Robert Bellarmine . In 2000 the Board of Trustees changed the name to Bellarmine University . The university is organized into seven colleges and schools and confers bachelor 's and master 's degrees in more than 50 academic majors , along with five doctoral degrees ; it is classified under the Carnegie system as a larger Master 's university . The university has an enrollment of over 3,900 students on its main 135-acre ( 0.55 km2 ) academic and residential campus in Louisville 's Belknap neighborhood . At its 2011 commencement , the school graduated 482 undergraduate and graduate students , contributing to a total of 780 graduates for the school year , up from 700 the previous year . Bellarmine offers a large number of extracurricular activities to its students , including athletics , honor societies , clubs and student organizations . Its athletic teams are known as the Knights . Bellarmine is a member of NCAA Division II and competes in the Great Lakes Valley Conference , except in men 's lacrosse , which competes at the Division I level in the Southern Conference . Bellarmine 's men 's basketball team won the 2011 NCAA Men 's Division II Basketball Tournament , the first athletic national championship in school history . Alumni and former students have gone on to prominent careers in government , business , science , medicine , education , sports , and entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berkeley_College_(Yale_University)", "text": "Berkeley College is a residential college at Yale University , opened in 1934 . The eighth of Yale 's 14 residential colleges , it was named in honor of Reverend George Berkeley ( 1685-1753 ) , dean of Derry and later bishop of Cloyne , in recognition of the assistance in land and books that he gave to Yale in the 18th century . Built on the site of a group of buildings known from the 1890s until 1933 as the Berkeley Oval , the college was renovated in 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missouri", "text": "Missouri is a state in the Midwestern United States . With over six million residents , it is the 18th-most populous state of the Union . The largest urban areas are St. Louis , Kansas City , Springfield and Columbia ; the capital is Jefferson City . The state is the 21st-most extensive in area . Missouri is bordered by eight states ( tied for the most with Tennessee ) : Iowa to the north , Illinois , Kentucky and Tennessee ( via the Mississippi River ) to the east , Arkansas to the south and Oklahoma , Kansas and Nebraska to the west . In the south are the Ozarks , a forested highland , providing timber , minerals and recreation . The Missouri River , after which the state is named , flows through the center of the state into the Mississippi River , which makes up Missouri 's eastern border . Humans have inhabited the land now known as Missouri for at least 12,000 years . The Mississippian culture built cities and mounds , before declining in the 14th century . When European explorers arrived in the 17th century , they encountered the Osage and Missouria nations . The French established Louisiana , a part of New France , founding Ste . Genevieve in 1735 and St. Louis in 1764 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Les_Olsson", "text": "Carl Lester Olsson ( August 18 , 1909 - July 2 , 1972 ) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Boston/Washington Redskins . He attended Mercer University . After his playing career , Olsson was the football head coach for 25 years at Akron Manchester High School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hi_Viz_(album)", "text": "Hi Viz ( typeset as HI VIZ ) is the fourth studio album by Australian electronic duo The Presets . The album was released in Australia by Modular Recordings on 1 June 2018 . Upon release , the band said We 're always trying to do something different , at least within what we feel is The Presets . We were really just trying to get back to fun . The whole message of the record is inclusiveness , and it 's a party , with an open invitation . In April 2018 , The Presets announced a national tour commencing in June 2018 . At the ARIA Music Awards of 2018 , the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Cover Art ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerez_de_la_Frontera", "text": "Jerez de la Frontera ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xeˈɾeθ ðe la fɾonˈteɾa ] ) , or simply Jerez ( pronounced [ xeˈɾeθ ] ) , is a Spanish city and municipality in the province of Cádiz in the autonomous community of Andalusia , in southwestern Spain , located midway between the Atlantic Ocean and the Cádiz Mountains . As of 2015 [ update ] , the city , the largest in the province , had a population of 212,876 . It is the fifth largest in Andalusia , and has become the transportation and communications hub of the province , surpassing even Cádiz , the provincial capital , in economic activity . Jerez de la Frontera is also , in terms of land area , the largest municipality in the province , and its sprawling outlying areas are a fertile zone for agriculture . There are also many cattle ranches and horse-breeding operations , as well as a world-renowned wine industry ( Xerez ) . Currently , Jerez , with 212,876 inhabitants , is the 25th largest city in Spain , the 5th in Andalusia and 1st in the Province of Cádiz . It belongs to the Municipal Association of the Bay of Cádiz ( Mancomunidad de Municipios Bahía de Cádiz ) , the 3rd largest Andalusian metropolitan area and the 12th in Spain , with over 650,000 inhabitants . Its municipality covers an area of 1,188.14 km2 ( 458.74 sq mi ) and includes the Los Alcornocales Natural Park and the Sierra de Gibalbín , also known as Montes de Propio de Jerez . The city is located 12 km ( 7.46 mi ) from the Atlantic Ocean , in Campiña de Jerez , a region suitable for cultivating the vineyards that produce famous sherry . Some famous places in to the city are Alcazar of Jerez , Church of San Miguel , Charterhouse of Jerez , the Cathedral of San Salvador . Since 1987 the Grand Prix motorcycle racing has been held at the Circuito de Jerez in early May . On this weekend , the city welcomes tens of thousands of bikers from around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estadio_Monumental_\"U\"", "text": "The Estadio Monumental ( Monumental Stadium ) is a football stadium in the district of Ate in Lima , Peru . It is the home of Club Universitario de Deportes , and it was opened in 2000 to replace the Estadio Teodoro Lolo Fernandez . Designed by Progreso International and Gremco S.A. , Uruguayan architect Walter Lavalleja Sarriés led the construction of the stadium . It is Perus largest stadium and also the largest in South America . It has a spectator-capacity of 85,000 : 65,000 seated in the four stands , 20,000 in luxury box suites known as palcos , and 600 VIP . The stadium was built in accordance with FIFAs manual of technical specifications for World Cup finals . The stadium has hosted some of the Peru national football team 's international matches including FIFA World Cup Qualifiers . It also hosted the final stages of the 2008 Copa Perú . However , the Monumental was absent from the organization of the 2004 Copa América because of conflicts between the club and the organizers . In addition , between its opening in 2000 until 2007 , only one edition of the Peruvian Clásico was played due to security concerns ; however , in late 2008 , the derby returned to the stadium . On November 5th , 2019 , the Estadio Monumental was selected by CONMEBOL to host the 2019 Copa Libertadores Final , after the outbreak of 2019 Chilean protests raised security concerns about the development of the match in Santiago , city initially chosen as host ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sallynoggin", "text": "Sallynoggin ( Irish : An Naigín ) is an area of Dublin in Ireland , in Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown county and the Dáil constituency of Dún Laoghaire . The area consists mainly of former local authority housing built between the late 1940s and the mid-1950s by Dún Laoghaire Borough Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry_Fonda", "text": "Henry Jaynes Fonda ( May 16 , 1905 - August 12 , 1982 ) was an American film and stage actor who had a career that spanned five decades in Hollywood . Fonda cultivated a strong , appealing screen image in several films now considered to be classics , earning one Academy Award for Best Actor on two nominations . Fonda made his mark early as a Broadway actor and made his Hollywood film debut in 1935 . His film career began to gain momentum with roles such as Bette Davis 's fiancee in her Academy Award-winning performance in Jezebel ( 1938 ) , brother Frank in Jesse James ( 1939 ) , and the future President in Young Mr. Lincoln ( 1939 ) , directed by John Ford . His early career peaked with his Academy Award-nominated performance as Tom Joad in The Grapes of Wrath , about an Oklahoma family who moved to California during the Dust Bowl 1930s . This film is widely considered to be among the greatest American films . In 1941 he starred opposite Barbara Stanwyck in the screwball comedy classic The Lady Eve . Book-ending his service in WWII were his starring roles in two highly regarded westerns : The Ox-Bow Incident ( 1943 ) and My Darling Clementine ( 1946 ) , the latter directed by John Ford , and he also starred in Ford 's western Fort Apache ( 1948 ) . After a seven-year break from films , during which Fonda focused on stage productions , he returned with the WWII war-boat ensemble Mister Roberts ( 1955 ) . In 1957 he starred as Juror No.8 , the hold-out juror , in 12 Angry Men , a critical success and now regarded as a seminal film . Fonda , who was also co-producer , won the BAFTA for Best Foreign Actor . Later in his career , Fonda moved into darker roles , such as the villain in the epic Once Upon a Time in the West ( 1968 ) , underrated and a box office disappointment at its time of release , but now regarded as one of the best westerns of all-time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turn-based_tactics", "text": "Turn-based tactics ( TBT ) , or tactical turn-based ( TTB ) , is a computer and video game genre of strategy video games that through stop-action simulates the considerations and circumstances of operational warfare and military tactics in generally small-scale confrontations as opposed to more strategic considerations of turn-based strategy ( TBS ) games . Turn-based tactical gameplay is characterized by the expectation of players to complete their tasks using only the combat forces provided to them , and usually by the provision of a realistic ( or at least believable ) representation of military tactics and operations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Hauss", "text": "David Hauss ( born 1 February 1984 in Paris ) is a French professional triathlete and bronze medalist at the European Championships 2010 . Thanks to his 7th position at the World Championship Series triathlon in London ( 7 August 2011 ) , together with Laurent Vidal , he qualified for the Olympic Games 2012 , where he finished in 4th place , eighteen seconds behind bronze medalist Jonathan Brownlee . David Hauss is number 6 in the World Championship Series ranking 2011 and thus the best French elite triathlete . At the French Championship ( Olympic Distance ) in Villiers-sur-Loir ( 24 September 2011 ) he placed 10th . Like Emmie Charayron , Charlotte Morel , Laurent Vidal and other top triathletes , Hauss belongs to the Military Triathlon Team Equipe de France militaire de triathlon . Hauss also takes part in the prestigious French Club Championship Series Lyonnaise des Eaux . Like many of the French top triathletes , e.g . Emmie Charayron , he represents Lagardère Paris Racing . At the opening triathlon in Nice ( 24 April 2011 ) he placed 6th in the individual ranking and was the second best of his club behind Steffen Justus . At Dunkirk and Paris , Hauss was not present . In 2015 , he is part of ECS Triathlon club . David Hauss lives in Les Avirons , La Réunion , and in Saint-Raphaël , Var ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Battle_of_Fort_Ridgely", "text": "The Battle of Fort Ridgely was an early battle in the Dakota War of 1862 . Built between 1853-1855 in the southern part of what was then the territory of Minnesota , Fort Ridgely was the only military post between the Sioux Reservations and the settlers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Boat_That_Rocked", "text": "The Boat That Rocked ( titled Pirate Radio in North America ) is a 2009 British comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis with pirate radio in the United Kingdom during the 1960s as its setting . The film has an ensemble cast consisting of Philip Seymour Hoffman , Bill Nighy , Rhys Ifans , Nick Frost and Kenneth Branagh . Set in 1966 , it tells the story of the fictional pirate radio station Radio Rock and its crew of eclectic disc jockeys , who broadcast rock and pop music to the United Kingdom from a ship anchored in the North Sea while the British government endeavors to shut them down . It was produced by Working Title Films for Universal Pictures and was filmed on the Isle of Portland and at Shepperton Studios . After the world premiere in London 's Leicester Square on 29 March 2009 , the film was released theatrically in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 1 April 2009 . It was a commercial failure at the British box office making only US $ 10.1 million in its first three months , just a fifth of its US $ 50 million production cost . It received mixed reviews concerning its muddled storyline and 2¼-hour length . For its North American release , the film had its running time cut by 20 minutes and was retitled Pirate Radio . Opening on 13 November 2009 , it was still commercially unsuccessful in the US earning only $ 8 million . When the worldwide theatrical run was finished in January 2010 , the film had grossed US $ 36.3 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sandra_Frei", "text": "Sandra Frei ( born 6 August 1984 ) is a snowboarder who represented Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the snowboard cross event , where she placed 11th . She also competed at the World Snowboard Championships in 2007 and 2009 . Frei retired in July 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malcolm_Roberts_(singer)", "text": "Malcolm James Roberts ( 31 March 1944 - 7 February 2003 ) was an English traditional pop music singer , who enjoyed three hit singles from 1967 to 1969 in the UK Singles Chart , as well as an actor and musical theatre star ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karl_Clark_(chemist)", "text": "Karl Adolf Clark ( 20 October 1888 , Georgetown , Ontario - 7 December 1966 , Victoria , British Columbia ) was a chemist and oil sand researcher . He is best known for perfecting a process that uses hot water and reagents to separate bitumen from oil sands . Clark earned Bachelor 's and master 's degrees from McMaster University before obtaining a Doctorate in Chemistry from the University of Illinois . He began work at the Geological Survey of Canada in 1915 , where he became interested in oil sands . In 1920 he moved to Edmonton and joined the University of Alberta and a forerunner of the Alberta Research Council , where be began experimenting with separating bitumen from the Athabasca oil sands , a large oil sand deposit in northeastern Alberta . Dr. Clark built a prototype separation plant in the basement of the university 's power plant , followed by a larger plant on the outskirts of Edmonton , and in 1929 the Alberta Research Council patented the process that he had developed . Later testing was done on the outskirts of Fort McMurray near Waterways , and farther north at Bitumount . Dr. Clark retired from the Department of Mining Engineering at the University of Alberta in 1954 but continued to provided advice to the developing oil sands industry . In 1958 he signed a formal retainer with the Great Canadian Oil Sands consortium , which eventually became a major asset for Suncor . He continued to do research at the Alberta Research Council until 1963 . He died of cancer on December 7 , 1966 , in Victoria , British Columbia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nigerian_Civil_Aviation_Authority", "text": "The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority ( NCAA ) is the civil aviation authority of Nigeria . It has its corporate office on the grounds of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja , FCT Nigeria and headquarters in Aviation House on the grounds of Murtala Muhammed Airport in Ikeja , Lagos State.Nigeria The current Director General of NCAA is Captain Muhktar Usman ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hawthorn_Football_Club", "text": "The Hawthorn Football Club , nicknamed the Hawks , is a professional Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . The club , founded in 1902 , is the youngest of the Victorian-based teams in the AFL and has won thirteen VFL/AFL premierships . It is the only club to have won premierships in each decade of the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , 2000s and 2010s . The team play in brown and gold vertically striped guernsey . The club 's Latin motto is spectemur agendo , the English translation being Let us be judged by our acts . The Hawks ' origins are in the inner-eastern Melbourne suburb of Hawthorn and also at Glenferrie Oval , the club 's former administrative and training base and social club . Matches , however , have not been played there since 1973 . In 2006 , Hawthorn 's training and administration facilities were relocated to Waverly Park which is located 27.8 km from the CBD and in the middle of the club 's major supporter base in Melbourne 's outer-eastern region . The mascot of the club is a hawk . Since 2007 Hawthorn have played four games a year at their second ground of York Park in Launceston , Tasmania , with the remaining games played at the Melbourne Cricket Ground , the club 's current playing home ground . Hawthorn 's current Victorian Football League ( VFL ) affiliate team is the Box Hill Hawks Football Club ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bohemian_F.C.", "text": "Bohemian Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Bóithéamaigh ) , more commonly referred to as Bohemians or Bohs , is a semi-professional football club from Dublin , Ireland . Bohemians compete in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland , and are the oldest League of Ireland club in continuous existence . Bohs are the third most successful club in League of Ireland football history , having won the League of Ireland title 11 times , the FAI Cup 7 times , the League of Ireland Shield 6 times and the League of Ireland Cup 3 times . Prior to the establishment of the Football Association of Ireland and League of Ireland , Bohemians competed in the Irish Football League and Irish Cup , which were at the time all-Ireland competitions . During that period they won the Irish Cup once and finished runners up 5 times . They share the record for most wins in European competition with archrivals Shamrock Rovers and hold the record for Leinster Senior Cup wins with 32 cups claimed . Bohemians were founded on 6 September 1890 in the Phoenix Park Gate Lodge beside the North Circular Road entrance and played its first games in the Park 's Polo Grounds . They were one of the founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921 , after their withdrawal from the Irish Football League . They established themselves as a major force within the first 15 years of the League of Ireland , winning 5 league titles , 2 FAI Cups and 4 Shields , but struggled for decades after that , largely due to their strict amateur status , going 34 seasons without winning a major trophy . Bohemians dropped their amateur ethos in 1969 and proceeded to win 2 League titles , 2 FAI Cups and 2 League cups during the 1970s . They suffered a further decline throughout the 1980s and most of the 1990s before claiming League and Cup doubles in 2001 and 2008 , alongside the 2003 and most recently 2009 title wins . Bohemians play their home matches at Dalymount park in the Northside neighbourhood of Phibsborough ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dumfriesshire", "text": "Dumfriesshire or the County of Dumfries ( Siorrachd Dhùn Phris in Gaelic ) is a historic county , registration county and lieutenancy area of Scotland . It borders Kirkcudbrightshire to the west , Ayrshire to the north-west , Lanarkshire , Peeblesshire and Selkirkshire to the north , and Roxburghshire to the east . To the south is the coast of the Solway Firth , and the English county of Cumberland . Dumfries has three subdivisions : Annandale , Eskdale and Nithsdale . For purposes of modern local government , it is combined with Galloway to form the council area of Dumfries and Galloway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baz_(software)", "text": "GNU Bazaar ( formerly Bazaar-NG , command line tool bzr ) is a distributed and client-server revision control system sponsored by Canonical . Bazaar can be used by a single developer working on multiple branches of local content , or by teams collaborating across a network . Bazaar is written in the Python programming language , with packages for major Linux distributions , Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows . Bazaar is free software and part of the GNU Project ."}
{"title": "/wiki/All_Is_Forgiven_(album)", "text": "All Is Forgiven is the second studio album by Australian rock band Tex , Don and Charlie . It was released in September 2005 and peaked at number 58 on the Australian charts . The album was promoted with a short film , written and directed by Karen Borger , which included a special edit to be used as the music video for the group 's single , Whenever it Snows . Band member Owen said The record company came up with the idea , instead of making just a video , they thought we could make this so they can show it in other places rather than the rock video format . The short film won Best Film , Wollombi Film Festival ( NSW Australia ) , screened at St Kilda Film Festival ( Victoria , Australia ) and was selected for 'Best of the Fest ' traveling film festival ( across Australia ) . It screened at Woodford Folk Festival , Queensland on New Year 's Eve and at the Australian Film Weekend in Toronto , Ontario Canada w. feature film 'The Proposition ' . The film has been screened repeatedly on RAGE - ABC TV , Australia . [ citation needed ] In 1995 , The album was shortlisted for the Australian Music Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Drunken_Lullabies", "text": "Drunken Lullabies is a 2002 album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly . It reached # 157 on the Billboard charts . It has since been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . The title track Drunken Lullabies was featured on the soundtrack of Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 4 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blast_1386AM", "text": "Blast1386 is the student radio station for Reading College . They broadcast locally from their Kings Road Campus over 1386AM and to the world , online , on a full-time basis . The station , that first started broadcasting in April 2002 , now has its own dedicated App on Android and Apple platforms . in 2002 Reading College started Blast 1386 . When it started Blast 1386 took a sustaining station over night but as the station grew and had more content there was no need for this and Blast 1386 began broadcasting 24 hours a day 7 days a week from their studios in the heart of Reading College . Blast 1386 has a sister station Blast Radio from the days when 'TVU ' Reading College Campus was part of University of West London ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Annie_Lennox", "text": "Ann Lennox OBE ( born 25 December 1954 ) is a Scottish singer-songwriter , political activist and philanthropist . After achieving moderate success in the late 1970s as part of the new wave band The Tourists , she and fellow musician Dave Stewart went on to achieve international success in the 1980s as Eurythmics . Appearing in the 1983 music video for Sweet Dreams ( Are Made of This ) with orange cropped hair and wearing a man 's business suit , the BBC states , all eyes were on Annie Lennox , the singer whose powerful androgynous look defied the male gaze . Subsequent hits with Eurythmics include There Must Be an Angel ( Playing with My Heart ) and Here Comes the Rain Again . Lennox embarked on a solo career in 1992 with her debut album , Diva , which produced several hit singles including Why and Walking on Broken Glass . The same year , she performed Love Song for a Vampire for Bram Stoker 's Dracula . Her 1995 studio album , Medusa , includes No More I Love You 's and A Whiter Shade of Pale . To date , she has released six solo studio albums and a compilation album , The Annie Lennox Collection ( 2009 ) . With eight Brit Awards , which includes being named Best British Female Artist a record six times , Lennox has been named the Brits Champion of Champions . She has also collected four Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award . In 2002 , Lennox received a Billboard Century Award ; the highest accolade from Billboard magazine . In 2004 , she received both the Golden Globe and the Academy Award for Best Original Song for Into the West , written for the soundtrack to the feature film The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Märtha_Adlerstråhle", "text": "Anna Märtha Vilhelmina Adlerstråhle ( 16 June 1868 - 4 January 1956 ) was a Swedish tennis player . Aged 40 she won a bronze medal in the indoor singles competition at the 1908 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amy_Winehouse", "text": "Amy Jade Winehouse ( 14 September 1983 - 23 July 2011 ) was an English singer and songwriter . She was known for her deep , expressive contralto vocals and her eclectic mix of musical genres , including soul ( sometimes labelled as blue-eyed soul and neo soul ) , rhythm and blues , and jazz . Winehouse 's debut album , Frank ( 2003 ) , was a critical success in the UK and was nominated for the Mercury Prize . Her follow-up album , Back to Black ( 2006 ) , led to five 2008 Grammy Awards , tying the then record for the most wins by a female artist in a single night , and made her the first British woman to win five Grammys , including three of the General Field Big Four Grammy Awards : Best New Artist , Record of the Year and Song of the Year . Winehouse won three Ivor Novello Awards from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers , and Authors : in 2004 , Best Contemporary Song for Stronger Than Me ; in 2007 , Best Contemporary Song again , this time for Rehab ; and in 2008 , Best Song Musically and Lyrically for Love Is a Losing Game . She also won the 2007 Brit Award for Best British Female Artist , having been nominated for Best British Album , with Back to Black . Winehouse was plagued by drug and alcohol addiction . She died of alcohol poisoning on 23 July 2011 at the age of 27 . After her death , her album Back to Black became , for a time , the UK 's best-selling album of the 21st century . It is also listed as one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indiana_Hoosiers_men's_basketball", "text": "The Indiana Hoosiers men 's basketball team represents Indiana University Bloomington in NCAA Division I college basketball and competes in the Big Ten Conference . The Hoosiers play on Branch McCracken Court at Simon Skjodt Assembly Hall in Bloomington , Indiana on the Indiana University Bloomington campus . Indiana has won five NCAA Championships in men 's basketball ( 1940 , 1953 , 1976 , 1981 , 1987 ) - the first two under coach Branch McCracken and the latter three under Bob Knight . Indiana 's 1976 squad remains the last undefeated NCAA men 's basketball champion . The Hoosiers are tied for sixth in NCAA Tournament appearances ( 39 ) , seventh in NCAA Tournament victories ( 66 ) , tied for eighth in Final Four appearances ( 8 ) , and 11th in overall victories . The Hoosiers have won 22 Big Ten Conference Championships and have the best winning percentage in conference games at nearly 60 percent . No team has had more All-Big Ten selections than the Hoosiers with 53 . The Hoosiers also rank seventh in all-time AP poll appearances ( 560 ) and sixth in the number of weeks spent ranked No . 1 ( 54 ) . Every four-year men 's basketball letterman since 1973 has earned a trip to the NCAA basketball tournament . Additionally , every four-year player since 1950 has played on a nationally ranked squad at Indiana . The Hoosiers are among the most storied programs in the history of college basketball ."}
{"title": "/wiki/College_of_Charleston", "text": "The College of Charleston ( also known as CofC , The College , or Charleston ) is a public liberal arts college in Charleston , South Carolina . Founded in 1770 and chartered in 1785 , it is the oldest college in South Carolina , the 13th oldest institution of higher learning in the United States , and the oldest municipal college in the country . The founders of the college include three future signers of the Declaration of Independence ( Edward Rutledge , Arthur Middleton , and Thomas Heyward ) and three future signers of the United States Constitution ( John Rutledge , Charles Pinckney , and Charles Cotesworth Pinckney ) . Founded to encourage and institute youth in the several branches of liberal education , it is one of the oldest universities in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elk_Rapids,_Michigan", "text": "Elk Rapids is a village in Antrim County in the state of Michigan . The population was 1,642 at the 2010 census . The village is located within Elk Rapids Township , about 15 miles ( 24 km ) north of Traverse City . It is physically split by the Elk River , which runs between nearby Elk Lake and Grand Traverse Bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruno_\"Ugly\"_Mannheim", "text": "Bruno Ugly Mannheim is a villain who appears in DC Comics as one of Superman 's enemies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sprint_Cup_Series", "text": "The NASCAR Cup Series is the top racing series of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing ( NASCAR ) . The series began in 1949 as the Strictly Stock Division , and from 1950 to 1970 it was known as the Grand National Division . In 1971 , when the series began leasing its naming rights to the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company , it was referred to as the NASCAR Winston Cup Series ( 1971-2003 ) . A similar deal was made with Nextel in 2003 , and it became the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series ( 2004-2007 ) . Sprint acquired Nextel in 2005 , and in 2008 the series was renamed the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series ( 2008-2016 ) . In December 2016 , it was announced that Monster Energy would become the new title sponsor and the series was renamed the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series ( 2017-2019 ) . In 2019 , NASCAR rejected Monster 's offer to extend the current naming rights deal beyond the end of the season . NASCAR subsequently announced its move to a new tiered sponsorship model beginning with the 2020 season similar to other US based professional sports leagues , where it was simply known as the NASCAR Cup Series . The four Premier Partners are Busch Beer , Coca-Cola , GEICO , and Xfinity . The championship is determined by a points system , with points being awarded according to finish placement and number of laps led . The season is divided into two segments . After the first 26 races , 16 drivers , selected primarily on the basis of wins during the first 26 races , are seeded based on their total number of wins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chilliwack—Fraser_Canyon", "text": "Chilliwack - Fraser Canyon was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia , Canada , that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 to 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sheffield_Eagles", "text": "The Sheffield Eagles are a professional rugby league club that play in the Betfred Championship . The club play their home games at the Olympic Legacy Park ( OLP ) on the former site of Don Valley Stadium , their former ground . The original club was formed in 1984 and formerly competed in the Super League . The new , current club was formed in 2000 following a merger of the old club with Huddersfield Giants . The old club 's biggest achievement was winning the Challenge Cup in 1998 . The Eagles are the current holders of the 1895 Cup , after they beat Widnes Vikings at Wembley Stadium on 24 August ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wayne_Lai", "text": "Wayne Lai Yiu-cheung ( Chinese : 黎耀祥 ; born 4 May 1964 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Panama", "text": "The University of Panama ( Spanish : Universidad de Panamá ) was founded on October 7 , 1935 , with a student body of 175 in the fields of Education , Commerce , Natural Sciences , Pharmacy , Pre-Engineering and Law . As of 2008 [ update ] , it maintains a student body of 74,059 distributed in 228 buildings around the country . The University of Panama was founded under the administration of the President of the Republic , Dr. Harmodio Arias Madrid . Its founder and first President was the distinguished citizen Dr. Octavio Méndez Pereira . The University of Panama is a state institution of superior , independent education , inspired by the highest civic , moral , and ethical values ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Pennsylvania_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Pennsylvania Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Pennsylvania in the Miss Teen USA pageant . This pageant is independently conducted and produced by Sanders & Associates , Inc. , dba- Pageant Associates based in Buckhannon , West Virginia . Pennsylvania has been reasonably successful at Miss Teen USA . Their best decade was the 1990s , when they ranked fifth-equal in terms of number and value of placements . All but three of this state 's placements came in the 1990s , with only one placement in the 1980s and two in the 2000s . The placement in 2000 was their best , however , when Jillian Parry captured the Miss Teen USA crown . Three Pennsylvania teens have crossed over to win the Miss Pennsylvania USA title and compete at Miss USA . Kiara Lin of Cranberry Township was crowned Miss Pennsylvania Teen USA 2020 on November 3 , 2019 at Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center in Johnstown . She will represent Pennsylvania for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympia_(musician)", "text": "Olivia Jayne Bartley ( born 1982 , Wollongong ) , who also performs as Olympia , is an Australian art-pop singer-songwriter-guitarist . She released her debut studio album Self Talk in April 2016 which received an ARIA Award nomination at the ARIA Music Awards of 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Background_radiation", "text": "Background radiation is a measure of the level of ionizing radiation present in the environment at a particular location which is not due to deliberate introduction of radiation sources . Background radiation originates from a variety of sources , both natural and artificial . These include both cosmic radiation and environmental radioactivity from naturally occurring radioactive materials ( such as radon and radium ) , as well as man-made medical X-rays , fallout from nuclear weapons testing and nuclear accidents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Janne_Mian", "text": "Jahngir Jan Janne Mian ( born 6 September 1965 ) is a Swedish football manager who is the head coach of IK Frej in Division 1 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Minor_League_Baseball", "text": "Minor League Baseball ( MiLB ) is a hierarchy of professional baseball leagues in the Americas that compete at levels below Major League Baseball ( MLB ) and provide opportunities for player development and a way to prepare for the major leagues . All of the minor leagues are operated as independent businesses . Most are members of the umbrella organization formally known as National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues ( NAPBL ) , which operates under the Commissioner of Baseball within the scope of organized baseball . Several leagues , known as independent baseball leagues , do not have any official links to Major League Baseball . Except for the Mexican League , teams in the organized minor leagues are generally independently owned and operated but are directly affiliated with one major league team through a standardized Player Development Contract ( PDC ) . These leagues also go by the nicknames the farm system , farm club , or farm team ( s ) because of a joke passed around by major league players in the 1930s when St. Louis Cardinals general manager Branch Rickey formalized the system , and teams in small towns were growing players down on the farm like corn . Major League Baseball and Minor League Baseball teams may enter into a PDC for a two- or four-year term . At the expiration of a PDC term , teams may renew their affiliation , or sign new PDCs with different clubs , though many relationships are renewed and endure for extended time periods . For example , the Omaha Storm Chasers ( formerly the Omaha Royals and Omaha Golden Spikes ) have been the Triple-A affiliate of the Kansas City Royals since the Royals joined the American League in 1969 , but the Columbus Clippers changed affiliations , after being associated with the New York Yankees from 1979 , to the Washington Nationals in 2007 , and have been affiliated with the Cleveland Indians since 2009 . A few minor league teams are directly owned by their major league parent club , such as the Springfield Cardinals , owned by the St. Louis Cardinals , and all of the Atlanta Braves ' affiliates except the Florida Fire Frogs . Minor League teams that are owned directly by the major league club do not have PDCs with the parent club and are typically not part of the reaffiliation shuffles that occur after each even-numbered season . Today , there are 14 MLB-affiliated minor leagues with a total of 160 revenue-generating teams , located in large , medium , and small cities and suburbs across the United States and Canada , and there are three MLB-affiliated rookie leagues with a total of 80 teams , located in Arizona , Florida , and the Dominican Republic , though these teams do not generate revenue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Columbus_North_High_School", "text": "Columbus North High School ( CNHS ) is one of the public high schools located in Columbus , Indiana . It is part of the Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation ( BCSC ) . Columbus North High School was previously known as Columbus High School . It was renamed Columbus North High School in 1973 upon the founding of Columbus East High School ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dockyard_Derby_Dames", "text": "The Dockyard Derby Dames ( DyDD ) is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Tacoma , Washington . Founded in 2005 , the league currently consists of three teams , and a mixed team which competes against teams from other leagues , and is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bolloré", "text": "Bolloré is a French transportation company headquartered in Puteaux , on the western outskirts of Paris , France . The company , a paper - energy - plantations - logistics conglomerate , employs 28,000 people around the world . In 2004 , the group ranked amongst the top 200 European companies . Whilst the company is listed on the Euronext exchange in Paris , the Bolloré family retains majority control of the company through a complex and indirect holding structure . The company is led by Vincent Bolloré ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Phoenix,_Arizona", "text": "Phoenix is the capital and most populous city in Arizona , with 1,660,272 people ( as of 2018 [ update ] ) . It is also the fifth most populous city in the United States , and the only state capital with a population of more than one million residents . Phoenix is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area , also known as the Valley of the Sun , which in turn is part of the Salt River Valley . The metropolitan area is the 11th largest by population in the United States , with approximately 4.73 million people as of 2017 [ update ] . Phoenix is the seat of Maricopa County and the largest city in the state at 517.9 square miles ( 1,341 km2 ) , more than twice the size of Tucson and one of the largest cities in the United States . Phoenix was settled in 1867 as an agricultural community near the confluence of the Salt and Gila Rivers and was incorporated as a city in 1881 . It became the capital of Arizona Territory in 1889 . It is in the northeastern reaches of the Sonoran Desert and has a hot desert climate . Despite this , its canal system led to a thriving farming community with the original settler 's crops remaining important parts of the Phoenix economy for decades , such as alfalfa , cotton , citrus , and hay . Cotton , cattle , citrus , climate , and copper were known locally as the Five C 's anchoring Phoenix 's economy . These remained the driving forces of the city until after World War II , when high-tech companies began to move into the valley and air conditioning made Phoenix 's hot summers more bearable . The city averaged a four percent annual population growth rate over a 40-year period from the mid-1960s to the mid-2000s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Coos_Bay,_Oregon", "text": "Coos Bay ( Coos language : Atsixiis ) is a city located in Coos County , Oregon , United States , where the Coos River enters Coos Bay on the Pacific Ocean . The city borders the city of North Bend , and together they are often referred to as one entity called either Coos Bay-North Bend or Oregon 's Bay Area . Coos Bay 's population as of the 2010 census was 15,967 residents , making it the most populous city on the Oregon Coast . Oregon 's Bay Area is the most populous urban area on the Oregon Coast with a 2019 population estimate of 32,107 ( Coos Bay 16,700 ; North Bend 9,925 ; Charleston 795 )"}
{"title": "/wiki/Canton_of_Basel-Stadt", "text": "The canton of Basel-Stadt ( German : Kanton Basel-Stadt ( help·info ) , English : canton of Basel-City , French : canton de Bâle-Ville , Italian : Cantone di Basilea Città , Romansh : chantun Basilea-Citad ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland , and the smallest of the cantons by area . The city of Basel and the municipalities of Bettingen and Riehen form its territory ."}
{"title": "/wiki/32nd_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 32nd Academy Awards ceremony , presented by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , was held on April 4 , 1960 , and took place at the RKO Pantages Theatre to honor the best films of 1959 . The epic drama Ben-Hur won 11 Oscars , breaking the record of nine set the year before by Gigi . Ben-Hur remained the most honored motion picture in Academy Award history until Titanic equaled the feat in 1997 , followed by The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King in 2003 . Ben-Hur was the third film to win both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor , a feat not repeated until Mystic River in 2004 . Director William Wyler became the third ( and most recent ) person to win more than two Best Director awards ( following Frank Capra and John Ford ) , as well as the only person to direct three Best Picture winners ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1983", "text": "Miss World 1983 , the 33rd edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 17 November 1983 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , UK . The winner was Sarah-Jane Hutt from United Kingdom . She was crowned by Miss World 1982 , Mariasela Álvarez of Dominican Republic . First runner-up was Rocío Isabel Luna representing Colombia and second runner-up was Cátia Pedrosa from Brazil . Miss World 1983 marked the first Miss World event that included an intelligence test for contestants . The intelligence test was created by psychologists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jesper_Jørgensen", "text": "Jesper Jørgensen ( Danish pronunciation : [ jɛspɐ ˈjɶɐ̯ˀn̩sn̩ ] ; born 9 May 1984 in Varde ) is a Danish former footballer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edmonton_Oilers", "text": "The Edmonton Oilers are a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference . The Oilers were officially founded in 1971 by W. D. Wild Bill Hunter and Dr. Chuck Allard . The team played its first season in 1972 , as one of the twelve founding franchises of the major professional World Hockey Association ( WHA ) . They were originally intended to be one of two WHA Alberta teams , along with the Calgary Broncos . However , when the Broncos relocated to Cleveland , Ohio , before the WHA 's first season began , the Oilers were renamed the Alberta Oilers . They returned to their current name in the following year , and subsequently joined the NHL in 1979 as one of four franchises absorbed through the NHL merger with the WHA . After joining the NHL , the Oilers went on to win the Stanley Cup on five occasions : 1983-84 , 1984-85 , 1986-87 , 1987-88 and 1989-90 . Along with the Pittsburgh Penguins , they are tied for the most championships won by any team since the NHL-WHA merger and also the most won by any team that joined the league in or after 1967 . Among all NHL teams , only the Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times since the League 's 1967 expansion . For their success in the 1980s , the Oilers team of this era has been honoured with dynasty status by the Hockey Hall of Fame . However , the Oilers began to struggle greatly shortly after the 2004-05 NHL lockout , having missed the playoffs every year since 2006 , with the exception of 2016-17 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kerman,_California", "text": "Kerman ( formerly Collis ) is a city at the intersection of State Route 180 and State Route 145 in Fresno County , California , USA . The population was 13,544 at the 2010 census . Kerman is located 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of Fresno , at an elevation of 220 feet ( 67 m ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Royal,_Quebec", "text": "Mount Royal ( officially , Town of Mount Royal , abbreviated TMR ) is an affluent on-island suburban town located on the northwest side of the eponymous Mount Royal , northwest of Downtown Montreal , on the Island of Montreal in southwestern Quebec , Canada . It is completely surrounded by Montreal . The population was 20,276 as of the Canada 2016 Census . In 2008 , most of the Town of Mount Royal was designated a National Historic Site of Canada , as a [ remarkable ] synthesis of urban renewal movements of the early 20th century , reflecting the influence of the City Beautiful , Garden City and Garden Suburb movements . The town celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malekula", "text": "Malakula Island , also spelled Malekula , is the second-largest island in the nation of Vanuatu , in the Pacific Ocean region of Melanesia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bohemian_Rhapsody_(film)", "text": "Bohemian Rhapsody is a 2018 biographical drama film about Freddie Mercury , the lead singer of the British rock band Queen . It was directed by Bryan Singer from a screenplay by Anthony McCarten , and produced by Graham King and Queen manager Jim Beach . It stars Rami Malek as Mercury , with Lucy Boynton , Gwilym Lee , Ben Hardy , Joe Mazzello , Aidan Gillen , Tom Hollander , Allen Leech , and Mike Myers in supporting roles . Queen members Brian May and Roger Taylor served as consultants . A British-American venture , the film was produced by 20th Century Fox , Regency Enterprises , GK Films , and Queen Films , with Fox serving as distributor . The film follows the singer 's life from the formation of the band up to their 1985 Live Aid performance at the original Wembley Stadium . Bohemian Rhapsody was announced in 2010 , with Sacha Baron Cohen set to play Mercury . After he left the project in 2013 following creative differences with producers , the project languished for several years before Malek was cast in November 2016 . Bryan Singer was the director through most of principal photography , which began in London in September 2017 , but was fired in December 2017 , for absence and clashing with the cast and crew . Dexter Fletcher , who was originally set to direct the film early in development , was hired to complete the film , although Singer retained sole director credit as per Directors Guild of America guidelines . Fletcher received an executive producer credit and filming concluded in January 2018 . The film was released in the United Kingdom on 24 October 2018 and in the United States on 2 November 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hustle_(TV_series)", "text": "Hustle is a British television crime drama series starring Adrian Lester , Robert Glenister and Robert Vaughn . Created by Tony Jordan , it was produced by Kudos Film and Television , and broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom . The show premiered on 24 February 2004 , and ran for eight series , with its final episode aired on 17 February 2012 . The show 's premise is on a group of con artists who specialise in long cons - extended forms of deceptive frauds that require greater commitment , but offer higher rewards than simple confidence tricks . The show 's most notable qualities are plots that involve behind-the-scenes action that the viewers are unaware of until near the end of an episode , along with fantasy scenes and occasional breaches of the fourth wall by the main actors . The show received favourable reviews from critics , and averaged around 6 million viewers within each series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/BioWare", "text": "BioWare is a Canadian video game developer based in Edmonton , Alberta . It was founded in 1995 by newly graduated medical doctors Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk , alongside Trent Oster , Brent Oster , Marcel Zeschuk and Augustine Yip . As of 2007 , the company is owned by American publisher Electronic Arts . BioWare specializes in role-playing video games , and achieved recognition for developing highly praised and successful licensed franchises : Baldur 's Gate , Neverwinter Nights , and Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic . They proceeded to make several other successful games based on original intellectual property : Jade Empire , the Mass Effect series , and the Dragon Age series . In 2011 , BioWare launched their first massively multiplayer online role-playing game , Star Wars : The Old Republic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Virgin_MiamiCentral", "text": "Virgin MiamiCentral , formerly MiamiCentral , is a mixed-use railroad station development in the Government Center district of Downtown , Miami , Florida . Currently , the station serves an inter-city rail service named Virgin Trains USA ( formerly known as Brightline ) and connects to the adjacent Government Center station serving Metrorail , Metromover , and bus lines . In the next few years , the station will serve Tri-Rail commuter rail . The 9-acre ( 3.6 ha ) complex also includes 3 million square feet ( 280,000 m2 ) of residential , office , commercial , and retail development . The station was built by All Aboard Florida , a subsidiary of Florida East Coast Industries ( FECI ) overseeing Virgin Trains USA . Virgin MiamiCentral was designed by Skidmore , Owings & Merrill in association with Zyscovich Architects . Its name was changed from MiamiCentral to Virgin MiamiCentral on April 4 , 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Banking", "text": "A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit . Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets . Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country , banks are highly regulated in most countries . Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities . In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity , banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards , known as the Basel Accords . Banking in its modern sense evolved in the fourteenth century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world . In the history of banking , a number of banking dynasties - notably , the Medicis , the Fuggers , the Welsers , the Berenbergs , and the Rothschilds - have played a central role over many centuries . The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena , while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Butterwick,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Butterwick is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Boston , Lincolnshire , England , It is situated approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) east from the market town of Boston . Butterwick is one of eighteen civil parishes which , together with Boston , form the Borough of Boston local government arrangement , in place since a reorganisation of 1 April 1974 , which resulted from the Local Government Act 1972 . The parish forms part of the Coastal electoral ward . Hitherto , the parish had formed part of Boston Rural District in the Parts of Holland . Holland was one of the three divisions ( formally known as parts ) of the traditional county of Lincolnshire . Since the 1888 Local Government Act Holland had been , in most respects , a county in itself . On the nearby coast , Freiston Shore , is a wildlife reserve covering approximately 1,400 acres ( 570 ha ) of brackish lagoon , and a natural and reconstituted salt marsh . [ citation needed ] The name comes from the Old English butere and wic meaning a meeting place , or a butter specialised farm . Butterwick Grade I listed Anglican church is dedicated to St Andrew . It contains Early English style arcades and font . In 1916 Cox reported that an ancient sycamore , planted in 1653 , stood in the churchyard . Ordnance survey maps from the 1920s show an agricultural tramway network running west from the village in a u-shape to Butterwick Grange ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wolfenbüttel", "text": "Wolfenbüttel ( German pronunciation : [ ˌvɔlfn̩ˈbʏtl̩ ] ) is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , the administrative capital of Wolfenbüttel District . It is best known as the location of the internationally renowned Herzog August Library and for having the largest concentration of timber-framed buildings in Germany . It is an episcopal see of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Brunswick . It is also home to the Jägermeister distillery and houses a campus of the Ostfalia University of Applied Sciences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tropical_cyclone", "text": "A tropical cyclone is a rapidly rotating storm system characterized by a low-pressure center , a closed low-level atmospheric circulation , strong winds , and a spiral arrangement of thunderstorms that produce heavy rain or squalls . Depending on its location and strength , a tropical cyclone is referred to by different names , including hurricane ( /ˈhʌrɪkən , -keɪn/ ) , typhoon ( /taɪˈfuːn/ ) , tropical storm , cyclonic storm , tropical depression , and simply cyclone . A hurricane is a tropical cyclone that occurs in the Atlantic Ocean and northeastern Pacific Ocean , and a typhoon occurs in the northwestern Pacific Ocean ; in the south Pacific or Indian Ocean , comparable storms are referred to simply as tropical cyclones or severe cyclonic storms . Tropical refers to the geographical origin of these systems , which form almost exclusively over tropical seas . Cyclone refers to their winds moving in a circle , whirling round their central clear eye , with their winds blowing counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere . The opposite direction of circulation is due to the Coriolis effect . Tropical cyclones typically form over large bodies of relatively warm water . They derive their energy through the evaporation of water from the ocean surface , which ultimately recondenses into clouds and rain when moist air rises and cools to saturation . This energy source differs from that of mid-latitude cyclonic storms , such as nor'easters and European windstorms , which are fueled primarily by horizontal temperature contrasts . Tropical cyclones are typically between 100 and 2,000 km ( 62 and 1,243 mi ) in diameter . The strong rotating winds of a tropical cyclone are a result of the conservation of angular momentum imparted by the Earth 's rotation as air flows inwards toward the axis of rotation . As a result , they rarely form within 5° of the equator ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Damián_666", "text": "Leonardo Carrera Gómez ( born June 9 , 1961 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler best known under the name Damián 666 . He has worked for World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling ( FMW ) , Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , World Wrestling Association ( WWA ) and various promotions on the Mexican independent circuit , including Perros del Mal Producciones ( PdM ) . Carrera also worked under the ring name Galaxy in WCW , a masked Luchador . Carrera often teams with Halloween , leading to the formation of the team Mexico 's Most Wanted , which has worked extensively in North America for such promotions as Xtreme Pro Wrestling ( XPW ) and Revolution Pro Wrestling ( RPW ) . Carrera 's son currently wrestles for on the international independent circuit as Bestia 666 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmy_Carter", "text": "James Earl Carter Jr. ( born October 1 , 1924 ) is an American politician , philanthropist , and former farmer who served as the 39th president of the United States from 1977 to 1981 . A member of the Democratic Party , he previously served as a Georgia State Senator from 1963 to 1967 and as the 76th governor of Georgia from 1971 to 1975 . Since leaving the presidency , Carter has remained active in the private sector ; in 2002 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in co-founding the Carter Center . Raised in Plains , Georgia , Carter graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1946 with a Bachelor of Science degree and joined the United States Navy , where he served on submarines . After the death of his father in 1953 , Carter left his naval career and returned home to Georgia to take up the reins of his family 's peanut-growing business . Carter inherited comparatively little due to his father 's forgiveness of debts and the division of the estate among the children . Nevertheless , his ambition to expand and grow the Carters ' peanut business was fulfilled . During this period , Carter was motivated to oppose the political climate of racial segregation and support the growing civil rights movement . He became an activist within the Democratic Party . From 1963 to 1967 , Carter served in the Georgia State Senate , and in 1970 , he was elected as Governor of Georgia , defeating former Governor Carl Sanders in the Democratic primary on an anti-segregation platform advocating affirmative action for ethnic minorities . Carter remained as governor until 1975 . Despite being a dark-horse candidate who was little known outside of Georgia at the start of the campaign , Carter won the 1976 Democratic presidential nomination ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ladbrokes_Coral", "text": "Ladbrokes Coral is a British betting and gambling company . It is based in London . It previously owned the Hilton hotel brand outside the United States , and was known as Hilton Group plc from 1999 to 2006 . In November 2016 , Ladbrokes acquired Gala Coral Group , and changed its name to Ladbrokes Coral . The company was acquired by GVC Holdings in March 2018 . The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange , and was a member of the FTSE 250 Index , until its acquisition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adam_Carriker", "text": "Adam Eugene Carriker ( born May 6 , 1984 ) is a former American football defensive end . He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft . He played college football at the University of Nebraska . He also played for the Washington Redskins ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melanie_C", "text": "Melanie Jayne Chisholm ( born 12 January 1974 ) , professionally known as Melanie C or Mel C , is an English singer , songwriter , entrepreneur , actress and television personality . She is one of the five members of the Spice Girls , in which she was nicknamed Sporty Spice . Since 1996 , Chisholm has sold more than 105 million records , including 85 million copies with the group , and 20 million solo albums , singles and collaborations , and has earned over 325 worldwide certifications ( included numerous diamonds ) , including 40 silver , gold and platinum certifications as a solo artist . Having co-written 11 UK Number 1s , more than any other female artist in chart history , she remains the only female performer to top the charts as a solo artist , as part of a duo , quartet and quintet . With 12 UK Number 1 singles , including the charity single as part of The Justice Collective , she is the second female artist - and the first British female artist - with most singles at number 1 in the United Kingdom , and with a total of 14 songs that have received the number 1 in Britain ( including the double A-sides ) , Chisholm is the female artist with most songs at number 1 in the UK ranking history . [ verification needed ] Her work has earned her several awards and nominations , including a Guinness Book mention , three World Music Awards , five Brit Awards from 10 nominations , three American Music Awards , four Billboard Music Awards from six nomination , eight Billboard special awards , three MTV Europe Music Awards from seven nominations , one MTV Video Music Awards from two nomination , ten ASCAP awards , one Juno Award from two nominations , and four nominations nomination at the Echo Awards . Chisholm began her solo career in late 1998 by singing with Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams on the worldwide hit When You 're Gone . Her solo debut album Northern Star was released in 1999 , reaching number 1 in Sweden and number 4 on the UK Albums Chart . It was certified internationally with seven platinum and three gold certifications , including triple-Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry , selling over 4 million copies worldwide , and becoming the best selling solo album of any Spice Girls member . It produced four top 5s and a top 20 single , two of which reached the number 1 spot in the UK . The album was certified multi-platinum worldwide . Chisholm 's second album , Reason , was released in March 2003 and sold more than 500,000 copies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bruno_Bartoletti", "text": "Bruno Bartoletti ( Sesto Fiorentino , 10 June 1926 - Florence , 9 June 2013 ) was an Italian operatic conductor . His active international career lasted from 1953 to 2007 , and he specialized in the Italian repertory and contemporary works . He was particularly noted for his 51-year association with Lyric Opera of Chicago , as co-artistic director , artistic director , principal conductor , and artistic director emeritus . He also served as Artistic Director of both the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma ( 1965-1973 ) and the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino ( 1985-1991 ) , and as principal conductor of the Danish Royal Opera ( 1957-1960 ) , in addition to frequent work as a guest conductor at various major opera houses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Wyoming_Teen_USA", "text": "The Miss Wyoming Teen USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Wyoming in the Miss Teen USA pageant . Wyoming 's highest placement was at Miss Teen USA 1985 when Emily Ernst placed first runner-up to Kelly Hu of Hawaii . Five Miss Wyoming Teen USA winners have gone on to win the Miss Wyoming USA title and compete at Miss USA . Baylee Drewry of Greybull was crowned Miss Wyoming Teen USA 2020 on September 14 , 2019 at John F. Welsh Auditorium on Natrona County High School in Casper . She will represent Wyoming for the title of Miss Teen USA 2020 on the spring of 2020 . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Snow_Queen", "text": "The Snow Queen ( Danish : Snedronningen ) is an original fairy tale by Danish author Hans Christian Andersen . It was first published 21 December 1844 in New Fairy Tales . First Volume . Second Collection . 1845 . ( Danish : Nye Eventyr . Første Bind . Anden Samling . 1845 . ) The story centres on the struggle between good and evil as experienced by Gerda and her friend , Kai . The story is one of Andersen 's longest and most highly acclaimed stories . It is regularly included in selected tales and collections of his work and is frequently reprinted in illustrated storybook editions for children ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elizabeth,_New_Jersey", "text": "Elizabeth is both the largest city and the county seat of Union County , in New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a total population of 124,969 , retaining its ranking as New Jersey 's fourth most populous city , behind Paterson . The population increased by 4,401 ( 3.7% ) from the 120,568 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 10,566 ( +9.6% ) from the 110,002 counted in the 1990 Census . For 2018 , the Census Bureau 's Population Estimates Program calculated a population of 128,885 , an increase of 3.1% from the 2010 enumeration , ranking the city the 215th-most-populous in the nation . In 2008 , Elizabeth was named one of America 's 50 Greenest Cities by Popular Science magazine , the only city in New Jersey selected ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gulf_Coast_League_Nationals", "text": "The Gulf Coast League Nationals , often called the GCL Nationals , are a rookie-level Minor League Baseball team of the Gulf Coast League and an affiliate of the Washington Nationals . The team plays its home games in West Palm Beach , Florida , at FITTEAM Ballpark of the Palm Beaches . The Nationals previously played at Space Coast Stadium from their inaugural 2005 season through the end of the 2016 season . The team is composed mainly of players who are in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Commission_on_Civil_Rights", "text": "The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is a bipartisan , independent commission of the United States federal government , created in 1957 , that is charged with the responsibility for investigating , reporting on , and making recommendations concerning civil rights issues in the United States . Pursuant to 42 U.S.C . 1975d , all statutory authority for the commission terminated on September 30 , 1996 , and Congress has not passed new legislation , but has continued to pass appropriations ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colon_(anatomy)", "text": "The large intestine , also known as the large bowel , is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates . Water is absorbed here and the remaining waste material is stored as feces before being removed by defecation . The colon is the largest portion of the large intestine , so many mentions of the large intestine and colon overlap in meaning whenever precision is not the focus . Most sources define the large intestine as the combination of the cecum , colon , rectum , and anal canal . Some other sources exclude the anal canal . In humans , the large intestine begins in the right iliac region of the pelvis , just at or below the waist , where it is joined to the end of the small intestine at the cecum , via the ileocecal valve . It then continues as the colon ascending the abdomen , across the width of the abdominal cavity as the transverse colon , and then descending to the rectum and its endpoint at the anal canal . Overall , in humans , the large intestine is about 1.5 metres ( 5 ft ) long , which is about one-fifth of the whole length of the gastrointestinal tract ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Aspel", "text": "Michael Terence Aspel OBE ( born 12 January 1933 ) is an English television presenter on programmes such as Crackerjack , Aspel & Company , Give Us A Clue , This is Your Life , Strange but True ? and Antiques Roadshow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/James_Wallis_(New_Zealand_politician)", "text": "James Wallis ( 1825 - 25 May 1912 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Auckland , New Zealand . Wallis was born in Aberdeenshire in 1825 . He received his education at the University of Aberdeen , from where he graduated with a Master of Arts in 1844 . He was a minister of the Presbyterian Church , and ministered in Scotland at Dundee and Aberdeen , and in British Guiana in Essequibo and Demerara . He went back for further study to become a medical missionary , and in 1863 was admitted as a member to the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh . He travelled to New Zealand in 1865 via Africa and Australia . In 1868 , Wallis married Elizabeth Poole ; she was the daughter of a physician from Edinburgh . Wallis represented the Auckland West electorate from 1877 to 1881 , when he was defeated . He contested the 1890 election in the City of Auckland electorate . Of seven candidates , he came second to last . Wallis was a strong supporter of women 's suffrage . His wife died many years before him ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Djurgårdens_IF_Hockey", "text": "Djurgårdens IF Ishockeyförening - commonly known as Djurgårdens IF , Djurgården Hockey , Djurgården ( IPA : [ ˈjʉ̂ːrˌɡoːɖɛn ] ) - is a professional ice hockey team based in Stockholm , Sweden , affiliated with the Djurgårdens IF umbrella organization . Djurgården is currently playing in the Swedish premier ice hockey league , the Swedish Hockey League . Djurgården is the most successful Swedish hockey team of all time , as 16-time Swedish champions , 12-time runners-up , and leaders of the marathon table for the top flight of Swedish hockey . The ice hockey department was first established in 1922 and has since been playing in the Swedish league system , with the exception of four years in the 1930s when the hockey department was temporarily dissolved . Djurgården primarily play their home games at Hovet , an older arena built in the 1950s with a capacity of 8,094 , but high-profile matches such as derbies against AIK and playoff games may be played in the Ericsson Globe with its larger capacity of 13,850 . Djurgården have retired nine players ' jerseys in their history , and have retired the number 2 twice , since both Roland Stoltz and Charles Berglund had worn the number before retiring jerseys became well-established in Sweden . The most common nicknames for the team are Järnkaminerna ( The Iron Stoves ) , Stockholms stolthet ( The Pride of Stockholm ) and Mesta mästarna ( The Winners of Most Championships ) . Djurgården also has a supporters ' club called Järnkaminerna , which it shares with the football department ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nintendo_Entertainment_System", "text": "The Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) is an 8-bit third-generation home video game console produced , released , and marketed by Nintendo . It is a remodelled export version of the company 's Family Computer [ a ] ( FC ) platform in Japan , commonly known as the Famicom [ b ] , which was launched on July 15 , 1983 . The NES was launched in a test market of New York City on October 18 , 1985 , followed by Los Angeles as a second test market in February 1986 , followed by Chicago and San Francisco , then other top 12 American markets , followed by a full launch across North America and some countries in Europe in September 1986 , followed by Australia and other countries in Europe in 1987 . Brazil saw only unlicensed clones until the official local release in 1993 . The console 's South Korean release was packaged as the Hyundai Comboy [ c ] and distributed by Hyundai Electronics ( now SK Hynix ) . As one of the best-selling gaming consoles of its time , the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983 . With the NES , Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers , authorizing them to produce and distribute games for Nintendo 's platform . It had been preceded by Nintendo 's first home video game console , the Color TV-Game , and was succeeded by the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/W._C._Fields", "text": "William Claude Dukenfield ( January 29 , 1880 - December 25 , 1946 ) , better known as W. C. Fields , was an American comedian , actor , juggler , and writer . Fields ' comic persona was a misanthropic and hard-drinking egotist , who remained a sympathetic character despite his supposed contempt for children and dogs . His career in show business began in vaudeville , where he attained international success as a silent juggler . He gradually incorporated comedy into his act and was a featured comedian in the Ziegfeld Follies for several years . He became a star in the Broadway musical comedy Poppy ( 1923 ) , in which he played a colorful small-time con man . His subsequent stage and film roles were often similar scoundrels or henpecked everyman characters . Among his recognizable trademarks were his raspy drawl and grandiloquent vocabulary . The characterization he portrayed in films and on radio was so strong it was generally identified with Fields himself . It was maintained by the publicity departments at Fields ' studios ( Paramount and Universal ) and was further established by Robert Lewis Taylor 's biography , W. C. Fields , His Follies and Fortunes ( 1949 ) . Beginning in 1973 , with the publication of Fields ' letters , photos , and personal notes in grandson Ronald Fields ' book W. C. Fields by Himself , it was shown that Fields was married ( and subsequently estranged from his wife ) , and financially supported their son and loved his grandchildren ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missouri_Tigers_baseball", "text": "The Missouri Tigers baseball team represents the University of Missouri in NCAA Division I college baseball . The Missouri Tigers had an overall record of 2053-1339-17 entering the 2012 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adlersky_City_District", "text": "Adlersky City District ( Russian : А́длерский райо́н ) is the southernmost of four city districts of the city of Sochi in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , lying along the Black Sea coast near the southern Russian border with Georgia . The city district borders Maykopsky District of Adygea in the north , Mostovsky District of Krasnodar Krai in the east , Abkhazia in the south , and Khostinsky City District in the northwest . In the southwest , it is bordered by the Black Sea . Population : 76,534 ( 2010 Census ) ; 69,120 ( 2002 Census ) ; 68,827 ( 1989 Census ) . Adlersky District was chosen to host the 2014 Winter Olympics . The historical center of the district is Adler Microdistrict ( А́длер ) - formerly classified as a town , but today a microdistrict of Adlersky City District - located at the mouth of the Mzymta River ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jagdeep_Sidhu", "text": "Jagdeep Sidhu is an Indian film director , writer , screenwriter and dialogue writer associated with Punjabi and Hindi cinema . He has been nominated for seven awards for categories Best Screenplay , Dialogue , and Direction PTC Punjabi Film Awards , winning one Best Debut Director for the film Qismat ( 2019 ) and has been nominated for five Filmfare Awards Punjabi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Egbert_Ten_Eyck", "text": "Egbert Ten Eyck ( April 18 , 1779 in Schodack , Rensselaer County , New York - April 11 , 1844 in Watertown , Jefferson County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2014_UEFA_European_Under-19_Championship", "text": "The 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was the 13th edition of the UEFA European Under-19 Championship since its reclassification from an under-18 event in 2002 , and the 63rd since the tournament was created in 1948 . Hungary was chosen to host the final tournament , which was staged from 19 to 31 July 2014 in four cities - Budapest , Felcsút , Győr and Pápa . It was the second time ( first in the under-19 era ) that the country held this tournament , having previously hosted it in 1990 . Players born after 1 January 1995 were eligible to participate in this competition . Qualification matches began in September 2013 and concluded in June 2014 , with seven teams joining the hosts in the final tournament . Among them were the defending champions , Serbia , who defeated France 1-0 in the previous final to secure their first-ever title in UEFA competitions . The best three teams from each group at the final tournament qualified for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup in New Zealand . Germany defeated Portugal 1-0 in the final to capture their third title ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York's_28th_congressional_district", "text": "The 28th district of New York is an obsolete congressional district for the United States House of Representatives . Before becoming obsolete in 2013 , the district was based in Rochester , Buffalo , and Niagara Falls , and included parts of Erie , Monroe , Niagara and Orleans Counties . Its easternmost point was in Fairport at the home of its final representative , Democrat Louise Slaughter . Due to its gerrymandered shape it was sometimes known as the earmuffs . After congressional district lines were redrawn to accommodate the loss of the seat due to reapportionment as a result of the 2010 Census , the earmuffs were dismantled , with the western portion of the present 28th district becoming part of the new 27th district , and the eastern portion of the 28th comprising the majority of the new 25th district , which is contained entirely in Monroe County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shimla", "text": "Shimla ( English : /ˈʃɪmlə/ ; Hindi : [ ˈʃɪmlaː ] ( listen ) ) , also known as Simla , is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh . In 1864 , Shimla was declared as the summer capital of British India , succeeding Murree , northeast of Rawalpindi . After independence , the city became the capital of Punjab and was later made the capital of Himachal Pradesh . It is the principal commercial , cultural and educational centre of the state . Small hamlets were recorded prior to 1815 when British forces took control of the area . The climatic conditions attracted the British to establish the city in the dense forests of Himalayas . As the summer capital , Shimla hosted many important political meetings including the Simla Accord of 1914 and the Simla Conference of 1945 . After independence , The state of Himachal Pradesh came into being in 1948 as a result of integration of 28 princely states . Even after independence , the city remained an important political centre , hosting the Simla Agreement of 1972 . After reorganisation of state of Himachal Pradesh , the existing Mahasu district was named Shimla . Shimla is home to a number of buildings that are styled in the Tudorbethan and neo-Gothic architectures dating from the colonial era , as well as multiple temples and churches . The colonial architecture and churches , the temples and the natural environment of the city attracts tourists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gustaf_Adolf_Jonsson", "text": "Gustaf Adolf Jonsson ( 26 June 1879 - 30 April 1949 ) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed at the 1908 , the 1912 and the 1920 Summer Olympics . In 1908 he won the silver medal in the team free rifle event . In the team military rifle event he finished fifth and in the 300 metre free rifle competition he finished 15th . Four years later he won the gold medal as member of the Swedish free rifle . In the 300 metre free rifle , three positions event he finished eleventh and in the 300 metre military rifle , three positions competition he finished 16th . In 1920 he won the bronze medal as part of the Swedish 600 metre military rifle , prone team . In the 300 and 600 metre team military rifle , prone event he finished sixth . He also participated in the 300 metre military rifle , prone competition and in the 600 metre military rifle , prone event but his exact place is unknown ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_T._Walton", "text": "John Thomas Walton ( October 8 , 1946 - June 27 , 2005 ) was an American war veteran and a son of Walmart founder Sam Walton . He was also the chairman of True North Partners , a venture capital firm . Walton cofounded the Children 's Scholarship Fund , providing tuition scholarships for disadvantaged youth ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_West", "text": "Peter Anthony West ( 12 August 1920 - 2 September 2003 ) was a BBC presenter and sports commentator best known for his work on the corporation 's cricket , tennis and rugby coverage as well as occasionally commentating on hockey . Throughout his television career he remained freelance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1888_Major_League_Baseball_season", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1888 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sahir_Ludhianvi", "text": "Abdul Hayee ( 8 March 1921 - 25 October 1980 ) , popularly known by his takhallus ( pen name ) Sahir Ludhianvi , was an Indian poet and film songs lyricist who wrote in the Hindi and Urdu languages . His work influenced Indian cinema , in particular Bollywood film . Sahir won a Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist for Taj Mahal ( 1963 ) . He won a second Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist for his work on Kabhie Kabhie ( 1976 ) . He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1971 . On 8 March 2013 , the ninety-second anniversary of Sahir 's birth , a commemorative stamp was issued in his honour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chetwynd,_British_Columbia", "text": "Chetwynd /ˈtʃɛtwɪnd/ is a district municipality located on the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in northeastern British Columbia , Canada . Situated on an ancient floodplain , it is the first town eastbound travellers encounter after emerging from the Rockies along Highway 97 and acts as the gateway to the Peace River Country . The town developed during the construction of infrastructure through the Rocky Mountains in the 1950s , and was used as a transshipment point during the construction of hydroelectric dams in the 1960s and 1970s and the new town of Tumbler Ridge in the early 1980s . Home to approximately 2,600 residents , the population has increased little if at all since the 1980s but is significantly younger than the provincial average . Once known as Little Prairie , the community adopted its current name in honour of provincial politician Ralph L.T . Chetwynd , just prior to its incorporation in 1962 . The 64-square-kilometre ( 25 sq mi ) municipality consists of the town , a community forest , and four exclave properties . Chetwynd has dozens of chainsaw carvings displayed throughout town as public art . It is home to a Northern Lights College campus . Nearby , there are four provincial parks , two lakes , and several recreational trails . Highways 29 and 97 intersect in town ; the east-west Highway 97 connect the town to Prince George and Dawson Creek while the north-south Highway 29 connects Tumbler Ridge and Hudson 's Hope . A rail line branches off in three directions : northward to Fort St. John , east to Dawson Creek , and west through the Rockies to Prince George ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lauren_Graham", "text": "Lauren Helen Graham ( born March 16 , 1967 ) is an American actress and author . She is best known for her roles as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls ( 2000-2007 and 2016 ) , for which she received nominations for Screen Actors Guild , Golden Globe and Satellite Awards , and as Sarah Braverman on the NBC television drama Parenthood ( 2010-2015 ) . Graham 's film work includes roles in Sweet November ( 2001 ) , Bad Santa ( 2003 ) , The Pacifier ( 2005 ) , Because I Said So ( 2007 ) , and Evan Almighty ( 2007 ) . She published her debut novel with Ballantine Books in 2013 , Someday , Someday , Maybe . In 2016 , Graham reprised her role as Lorelai Gilmore on Netflix 's reunion miniseries Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life and published a memoir , Talking as Fast as I Can ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trude_Beiser", "text": "Trude Beiser ( after her marriage Trude Jochum-Beiser ; born 2 September 1927 ) is a former alpine ski racer from Austria . Born in Lech am Arlberg in Vorarlberg , she won two Olympic gold medals and a world championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norodom_Phurissara", "text": "Prince Norodom Phurissara ( Khmer : នរោត្ដម ភូរីស្សរ៉ា , October 13 , 1919 - April 1976 ) was a prominent leftist Cambodian politician of the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s , who held a number of ministerial posts . A member of the Cambodian royal family , he disappeared during the political purges carried out by the Communist Party of Cambodia ( the Khmer Rouge ) after it came to power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/57th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 57th Academy Awards were presented March 25 , 1985 , at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion , Los Angeles . Jack Lemmon presided over the ceremonies . The big winner at the ceremony was Miloš Forman 's Amadeus , which had received 11 nominations and won 8 awards including Best Picture and Best Actor for F. Murray Abraham . As of the 90th Academy Awards , Amadeus is the most recent film to receive two lead actor nominations . The winner of Best Supporting Actor was also significant . Haing S. Ngor , a Cambodian surgeon who survived the horrors of the Khmer Rouge , won the award for his performance as Dith Pran in Roland Joffé 's The Killing Fields , despite having had no previous acting experience . Ngor and Harold Russell are the only two non-professional actors to win Academy Awards for acting . Sally Field won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Places in the Heart , her second Oscar , after winning in the same category in 1980 for Norma Rae . In her acceptance speech , she exclaimed , The first time I did n't feel it , but this time I feel it , and I ca n't deny the fact that you like me , right now , you like me ! ( often misquoted as you really like me ! ) 77-year-old Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in A Passage to India , making her the oldest winner in that category . This ceremony marked the first time that multiple black nominees would win an Oscar , when Prince and Stevie Wonder won for their respective work on Purple Rain and The Woman in Red ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emotional_Girl", "text": "Emotional Girl is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark . It was released in January 1997 as the second single from Clark 's album Just the Same . The song reached number 1 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in March 1997 and number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart . It was written by Clark , Rick Bowles and Chris Waters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2004_Green_Bay_Packers_season", "text": "The 2004 Green Bay Packers season was the franchise 's 86th season overall and their 84th in the National Football League . The season started with the Packers on a losing streak of four of their first five games , then winning their next six games , and finally ending in a Wild Card playoff loss to the Minnesota Vikings . They finished with an overall record of 10-6 . This was the second time the Packers had lost a playoff game at Lambeau ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup", "text": "The 1990 FIFA World Cup was the 14th FIFA World Cup , the quadrennial international football tournament . It was held from 8 June to 8 July 1990 in Italy , the second country to host the event twice ( the first being Mexico in 1986 ) . Teams representing 116 national football associations entered and qualification began in April 1988 . 22 teams qualified from this process , along with host nation Italy and defending champions Argentina . The tournament was won by West Germany , their third World Cup title . They beat Argentina 1-0 at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome , a rematch of the previous final four years earlier . Italy finished third and England fourth , after both lost their semi-finals in penalty shootouts . This was the last tournament to feature a team from West Germany , with the country being reunified with East Germany a few months later in October , as well as teams from the Eastern Bloc prior to the end of the Cold War in 1991 , as the Soviet Union , Romania , Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia teams made appearances . Costa Rica , Ireland and the UAE made their first appearances in the finals . As of 2018 , this was the last time the UAE qualified for a FIFA World Cup finals . The official match ball was the Adidas Etrusco Unico . The 1990 World Cup is widely regarded as one of the poorest World Cups in terms of the games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michigan_Wolverines_baseball", "text": "The Michigan Wolverines baseball team represents the University of Michigan in NCAA Division I college baseball . Along with most other Michigan athletic teams , the baseball team participates in the Big Ten Conference . They play their home games at Ray Fisher Stadium . The Wolverines have made the College World Series eight times , winning two national championships in 1953 and 1962 . Michigan is the fourth winningest program in NCAA Division I baseball history , trailing only Fordham , Texas and USC . Prior to the 2013 season , former Maryland head coach Erik Bakich replaced Rich Maloney as the program 's head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gabby_Gator", "text": "Gabby Gator is an animated cartoon character , an anthropomorphic alligator who appeared in several cartoons produced by Walter Lantz and distributed by Universal Pictures . Gabby lives in the Okiedokie Swamp , which is a play on Lake Okeechobee and is near Cape Canaveral . Unfortunately for him , this place does not have many food options , and Gabby is forced to attract the food ( usually Woody Woodpecker ) to his home and attempt to capture him with anything he might have at hand , including highly advanced technology . Though Gabbie Gator is intelligent and crafty , Woody always escapes , usually leaving Gabby with his home destroyed . The strangest thing about Gabby Gator is that he seems to have a vast supply of carrots , which are useless for a carnivorous reptile ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Be-Ge_Hockey_Center", "text": "Be-Ge Hockey Center , formerly Arena Oskarshamn , is the home ice of Swedish ice-hockey team IK Oskarshamn , located in the south-east of Sweden . The arena was completely rebuilt and renovated in 2004-2005 and has a capacity of 3 275 people ( 2018/2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scottish_Rite", "text": "The Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry ( the Northern Masonic Jurisdiction in the United States often omits the and , while the English Constitution in the United Kingdom omits the Scottish ) , commonly known as simply the Scottish Rite ( or , in England and Australia , as the Rose Croix although this is only one of its degrees ) , is one of several Rites of Freemasonry . A Rite is a progressive series of degrees conferred by various Masonic organizations or bodies , each of which operates under the control of its own central authority . In the Scottish Rite the central authority is called a Supreme Council . The Scottish Rite is one of the appendant bodies of Freemasonry that a Master Mason may join for further exposure to the principles of Freemasonry . It is also concordant , in that some of its degrees relate to the degrees of Symbolic ( Craft ) Freemasonry . In England and some other countries , while the Scottish Rite is not accorded official recognition by the Grand Lodge , only a recognised Freemason may join and there is no prohibition against his doing so . In the United States , however , the Scottish Rite is officially recognized by Grand Lodges as an extension of the degrees of Freemasonry . The Scottish Rite builds upon the ethical teachings and philosophy offered in the Craft ( or Blue ) Lodge , through dramatic presentation of the individual degrees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Finlay_McNaughton_Young", "text": "Finlay McNaughton Young ( 2 April 1852 - 15 February 1916 ) was a Canadian senator . Born in St. Chrysostome , Canada East , the son of Duncan Young , he was educated at St. Chrysostome and Montreal . In 1879 , he moved to Manitoba . A farmer , he was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba for the electoral division of Turtle Mountain in 1883 and re-elected at all the subsequent elections up to 1899 . In 1899 , he was defeated . He was Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1895 to 1899 . A Liberal , he was appointed to the Senate of Canada on 30 January 1900 on the recommendation of Sir Wilfrid Laurier . He represented the Senate division of Killarney , Manitoba , until his death ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Craig_MacLean", "text": "Craig MacLean MBE ( born 31 July 1971 ) is a Scottish track cyclist who has represented Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , winning a Silver Medal in the Team Sprint at the 2000 Olympics . As a sighted guide , McLean returned to the sport in its Paralympic form , piloting Neil Fachie to two gold medals in the 2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships , and Anthony Kappes to a gold medal in the 2012 Paralympic Games . MacLean is only the second athlete , after Hungarian fencer Pál Szekeres , ever to win medals at both the Olympic and Paralympic Games . MacLean has also won medals in five UCI Track World Championships in the team Sprint , Silver in 1999 , Silver in 2000 , Bronze in 2001 , Gold in 2002 , Bronze in 2003 and Bronze in 2004 . MacLean also won a Bronze Medal for Scotland in the Team sprint at the 2002 Commonwealth Games , followed by a Gold Medal in the event at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Australia . Having returned to the Paralympic form of the sport as a guide to Neil Fachie , he won a further two golds at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in , and for , his native Scotland ; in the Commonwealth Games , certain para-cycling events are integrated as full medal events into the programme . He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to cycling . Craig lives in Cheshire with his partner , Emily , a Headteacher , and their two children ."}
{"title": "/wiki/EverQuest_Next", "text": "EverQuest Next was a planned massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) , meant to be the successor to EverQuest , EverQuest Online Adventures and EverQuest II . The game was in development by the Daybreak Game Company , but the project was terminated in 2016 . The game was not planned to be a sequel or prequel to any of the games in the EverQuest franchise ; it was planned to present to players a parallel world of Norrath , one in which some of the locations and characters may be familiar , but specific relationships and events can diverge from the official storylines of the other games . The developers had stated an intention to return to a style of gameplay more like the original EverQuest , while retaining the advances in MMORPG design that have developed in the years since that game first launched ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sinsheim", "text": "Sinsheim ( German pronunciation : [ ˈzɪnshaɪ̯m ] ) is a town in south-western Germany , in the Rhine Neckar Area of the state Baden-Württemberg about 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) south-east of Heidelberg and about 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north-west of Heilbronn in the district Rhein-Neckar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warsaw_Ghetto_Uprising", "text": "The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising ( Yiddish : אױפֿשטאַנד אין װאַרשעװער געטאָ , romanized : Aoyfshtand in Varshever Geto ; Polish : powstanie w getcie warszawskim ; German : Aufstand im Warschauer Ghetto ) was the 1943 act of Jewish resistance in the Warsaw Ghetto in German-occupied Poland during World War II to oppose Nazi Germany 's final effort to transport the remaining ghetto population to Majdanek and Treblinka concentration camps . After the Grossaktion Warsaw of summer 1942 , in which more than a quarter of a million Jews were deported from the ghetto to Treblinka and murdered , the remaining Jews began to build bunkers and smuggle weapons and explosives into the ghetto . The left-wing Jewish Combat Organization ( ŻOB ) and right-wing Jewish Military Union ( ŻZW ) formed and began to train . A small resistance effort to another roundup in January 1943 was partially successful and spurred the Polish groups to support the Jews in earnest . The uprising started on 19 April when the ghetto refused to surrender to the police commander SS-Brigadeführer Jürgen Stroop , who then ordered the burning of the ghetto , block by block , ending on 16 May . A total of 13,000 Jews died , about half of them burnt alive or suffocated . German casualties were probably less than 150 , [ citation needed ] with Stroop reporting only 110 casualties [ 16 killed + 1 dead/93 wounded ] . It was the largest single revolt by Jews during World War II . The Jews knew that the uprising was doomed and their survival was unlikely . Marek Edelman , the only surviving ŻOB commander , said that the motivation for fighting was to pick the time and place of our deaths . According to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum , the uprising was one of the most significant occurrences in the history of the Jewish people ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlotte_Sports_Park", "text": "Charlotte Sports Park ( formerly known as Charlotte County Stadium and Ranger Stadium ) is a baseball stadium in Port Charlotte , Florida . The stadium is the home field for Tampa Bay Rays spring training operations , as well as its Class-A Florida State League Charlotte Stone Crabs and Rookie-class Gulf Coast Rays teams . Originally built in 1987 , the main stadium underwent a renovation that was completed in January 2009 at a cost of $ 27 million . Prior to the Rays , the stadium was once home of the Texas Rangers ' minor league affiliate Charlotte Rangers , and has played host to college baseball tournaments and the South Coast League Charlotte County Redfish . On February 3 , 2010 , the Rays announced a naming rights deal with The Mosaic Company . The agreement was reported to last through 2024 , however due to a potential conflict-of-interest with Charlotte County - whom ultimately must approve the name change - the Rays asked for more time to study the proposal before giving it to the county commissioners for final approval . On February 17 , due to intense opposition by both the Charlotte County Council and local residents , the Rays announced they were abandoning the deal with Mosaic and will potentially look at other companies in the future instead . In March 2014 , Charlotte Sports Park was named the # 1 spring training destination by the readers of USA Today and 10Best . The stadium has also been used by the local community for non-baseball events like concerts , festivals , and expos . It has hosted such musicians as Kenny Rogers , The Beach Boys , The Little River Band , and Simple Plan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guaratinguetá_Futebol", "text": "Guaratinguetá Futebol Ltda. , usually known simply as Guaratinguetá , is a Brazilian football club from Guaratinguetá , São Paulo state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qismat", "text": "Qismat ( transl . Fate ) is a 2018 Indian Punjabi-language romantic drama film written and directed by Jagdeep Sidhu . Produced by Shri Narotam Ji Productions , the film stars Ammy Virk and Sargun Mehta with Guggu Gill , Tania and Harby Sangha in supporting roles . It was titled after a 2017 song of the same name , sung by Virk and starring Mehta in its music video . The film follows a man who falls in love whilst studying in Chandigarh , despite his marriage being arranged to another woman . It marked feature film debut for Tania . Principal photography took place within a single schedule that lasted 45 days in Chandigarh and other villages of Punjab , India , with Jalesh Oberoi serving as cinematographer . The background score was composed by Gurmeet Singh and Sandeep Saxena while the soundtrack was composed by B Praak and Sukh-E , with vocals from Ammy Virk , Gurnam Bhullar , Kamal Khan , Divya Bhatt , Neetu Bhalla and B Praak . Also , Khan won Best Playback Singer Award . Qismat was released worldwide on 21 September 2018 by White Hill Studios . The film attracted positive reviews from critics , with some highlighting it as Virk 's best performance at the time , while some criticized film 's length . Commercially , the film is blockbuster and had grossed ₹310.5 million ( US $ 4.4 million ) in its theatrical run , and it ran for more than 50 days ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bebe_(entertainer)", "text": "María Nieves Rebolledo Vila , better known by her stage name Bebe ( born 9 May 1978 ) is a Spanish singer , songwriter , and actress who rose to international fame with the singles Malo and Ella ."}
{"title": "/wiki/West_Virginia_Mountaineers_football", "text": "The West Virginia Mountaineers football team represents West Virginia University ( also referred to as WVU or West Virginia ) in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of college football . West Virginia plays its home games on Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium on the campus of West Virginia University in Morgantown , West Virginia . The Mountaineers compete in the Big 12 Conference . With a 752-495-45 record as of the conclusion of the 2018 season , WVU ranks 14th in victories among NCAA FBS programs , and has the most victories among those programs that never claimed nor won a national championship . West Virginia was originally classified as a College Division school in the 1937 season , and joined the University Division , forerunner of Division I , in 1939 . It has been a member of Division I FBS since 1978 ( known as Division I-A until 2006 ) . The Mountaineers have registered 82 winning seasons in their history , including one unbeaten season ( 10-0-1 ) in 1922 and nine seasons with at least ten wins ( 1922 , 1969 , 1988 , 1993 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2011 , 2016 ) . The Mountaineers have won or shared a total of 15 conference championships , including eight Southern Conference titles and seven Big East Conference titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cornell_Green_(defensive_back)", "text": "Cornell M. Green ( born February 10 , 1940 ) , is a former American football player , a defensive back for thirteen seasons in the National Football League with the Dallas Cowboys . He did not play college football at Utah State University , but was a two-time All-American basketball player for the Aggies , selected in 1962 NBA draft , but not in the NFL draft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Full_Frontal_(film)", "text": "Full Frontal is a 2002 film by Steven Soderbergh about a day in the life of a handful of characters in Hollywood . It stars Catherine Keener , Blair Underwood , David Duchovny , Julia Roberts , Mary McCormack , Brad Pitt , and David Hyde Pierce . The film was shot on digital video using the Canon XL-1s in under a month . The film blurs the line between what is real and what is fiction in its depiction of a film within a film ( and possibly within another ) . It is in the loose structural style and narrative ambiguity of the French New Wave , and it received critical notice for this style . [ citation needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia", "text": "Philadelphia , known colloquially as Philly , is the largest city in the U.S. state and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , and the sixth-most populous U.S. city with a 2018 census-estimated population of 1,584,138 . Since 1854 , the city has had the same geographic boundaries as Philadelphia County , the most populous county in Pennsylvania and the urban core of the eighth-largest U.S. metropolitan statistical area , with over 6 million residents as of 2017 [ update ] . Philadelphia is also the economic and cultural anchor of the greater Delaware Valley , located along the lower Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers , within the Northeast megalopolis . The Delaware Valley 's population of 7.2 million ranks it as the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States . Philadelphia is one of the oldest municipalities in the United States . William Penn , an English Quaker , founded the city in 1682 to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony . Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States , who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 at the Second Continental Congress , and the Constitution at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 . Several other key events occurred in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary War including the First Continental Congress , the preservation of the Liberty Bell , the Battle of Germantown , and the Siege of Fort Mifflin . Philadelphia remained the nation 's largest city until being overtaken by New York City in 1790 ; the city was also one of the nation 's capitals during the revolution , serving as temporary U.S. capital while Washington , D.C. was under construction . In the 19th century , Philadelphia became a major industrial center and a railroad hub . The city grew from an influx of European immigrants , most of whom came from Ireland , Italy and Germany - the three largest reported ancestry groups in the city as of 2015 [ update ] . In the early 20th century , Philadelphia became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration after the Civil War , as well as Puerto Ricans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alvah_N._Belding_Memorial_Library", "text": "The Alvah N. Belding Memorial Library is a public library building located at 302 East Main Street in Belding , Michigan . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ashton_Eaton", "text": "Ashton James Eaton OLY ( born January 21 , 1988 ) is a retired American decathlete and two-time Olympic champion , who holds the world record in the indoor heptathlon event . Eaton was the second decathlete ( after Roman Šebrle ) to break the 9,000-point barrier in the decathlon , with 9,039 points , a score he bettered on August 29 , 2015 , when he beat his own world record with a score of 9,045 points . His world record was broken by Frenchman Kévin Mayer on September 16 , 2018 with a total of 9,126 points , who become the third man to pass the 9,000-point barrier . He competed for the Oregon Track Club Elite team based in Eugene , Oregon . In college , Eaton competed for the University of Oregon , where he was a five-time NCAA champion , and won The Bowerman award in 2010 . In 2011 , Eaton won the first international medal of his career , a silver , in the decathlon at the 2011 World Championships . The following year , Eaton broke his own world record in the heptathlon at the 2012 World Indoor Championships , and then broke the world record in the decathlon at the Olympic Trials . After setting the world record , Eaton won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . He successfully defended his Olympic title in Rio 2016 by winning the decathlon gold medal and tying the Olympic record . Eaton is only the third Olympian ( after Bob Mathias of the US and Great Britain 's Daley Thompson ) to achieve back-to-back gold medals in the decathlon . He announced his retirement from the sport just a few months later on January 3 , 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donald_Petrie", "text": "Donald Mark Petrie ( born April 2 , 1954 ) is an American film director and actor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mary_J._Blige", "text": "Mary Jane Blige ( /blaɪʒ/ ; born January 11 , 1971 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and philanthropist . Her career began in 1991 when she signed to Uptown Records . Furthermore , she went on to release 13 studio albums , eight of which have achieved multi-platinum worldwide sales . Blige has won nine Grammy Awards , four American Music Awards , twelve Billboard Music Awards and has also received three Golden Globe Award nominations , including one for her supporting role in the film Mudbound ( 2017 ) and another for its second original song Mighty River for Mudbound ; she also received a nomination for the Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress and Best Original Song , becoming the first person nominated for acting and songwriting in the same year . In 1992 , Blige released her first album , What 's the 411 ? . Her 1994 album My Life is among Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time , and Time magazine 's All-Time 100 Albums . She received a Legends Award at the World Music Awards in 2006 , and the Voice of Music Award from ASCAP in 2007.Billboard ranked Blige as the most successful female R & B/Hip-Hop artist of the past 25 years . In 2017 , Billboard magazine named her 2006 song Be Without You as the most successful R & B/Hip-Hop song of all time , as it spent an unparalleled 15 weeks atop the Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and over 75 weeks on the chart . In 2011 , VH1 ranked Blige as the 80th greatest artist of all time . ln 2012 , VH1 ranked Blige at number 9 in The 100 Greatest Women in Music list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SquareSoft", "text": "Square Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社スクウェア , Kabushiki-gaisha Sukuwea ) was a Japanese video game company founded in September 1986 by Masafumi Miyamoto . It merged with Enix in 2003 to form Square Enix . The company also used SquareSoft as a brand name to refer to their games , and the term is occasionally used to refer to the company itself . In addition , Square Soft , Inc was the name of the company 's American arm before the merger , after which it was renamed to Square Enix , Inc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simeon_H._Anderson", "text": "Simeon H. Anderson ( March 2 , 1802 - August 11 , 1840 ) was a United States Representative from Kentucky . Anderson was the father of William Clayton Anderson who also served as a Representative from Kentucky . He was born near Lancaster , Kentucky , where he pursued preparatory studies . In addition , he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1823 and commenced practice in Lancaster , Kentucky . Anderson was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives 1828 , 1829 , 1832 , and 1836-1838 . He was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-sixth Congress and served from March 4 , 1839 , until his death near Lancaster , Kentucky , in 1840 . He was buried in the Anderson family cemetery , with a cenotaph at the Congressional Cemetery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lena_Headey", "text": "Lena Kathren Headey ( /ˈliːnə ˈhiːdi/ LEE-nə HEE-dee ; born 3 October 1973 ) is an English actress . She is best known for her acclaimed portrayal of Cersei Lannister on the HBO fantasy drama series Game of Thrones ( 2011-2019 ) , for which she has received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations and a Golden Globe Award nomination . Headey made her film debut in the mystery drama Waterland ( 1992 ) . She continued to work steadily in British and American films and on television , before gaining further recognition with her lead performances in the films The Brothers Grimm ( 2005 ) and 300 ( 2007 ) . Her other film credits include The Remains of the Day ( 1993 ) , The Jungle Book ( 1994 ) , Mrs Dalloway ( 1997 ) , Ripley 's Game ( 2002 ) , Imagine Me & You ( 2005 ) , Dredd ( 2012 ) , The Purge ( 2013 ) , 300 : Rise of an Empire ( 2014 ) , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ( 2016 ) , and Fighting with My Family ( 2019 ) . Outside of film , Headey starred as Sarah Connor in the science fiction television series Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ( 2008-2009 ) . She provided voices for the role-playing video game Risen ( 2009 ) and the video game tie-in film Kingsglaive : Final Fantasy XV ( 2016 ) , as well as the animated series Danger Mouse ( 2015-2017 ) and Trollhunters ( 2017-2018 ) , and puppet-animated series The Dark Crystal : Age of Resistance ( 2019 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pro_Football_Hall_of_Fame", "text": "The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame for professional American football , located in Canton , Ohio . Opened in 1963 , the Hall of Fame enshrines exceptional figures in the sport of professional football , including players , coaches , franchise owners , and front-office personnel , almost all of whom made their primary contributions to the game in the National Football League ( NFL ) ; the Hall inducts between four and eight new enshrinees each year . The Hall of Fame 's Mission is to Honor the Heroes of the Game , Preserve its History , Promote its Values & Celebrate Excellence EVERYWHERE . As of 2020 [ update ] , there are a total of 346 members of the Hall of Fame , 189 of whom are living . Members are referred to as Gold Jackets due to the distinctive gold jackets they receive during the induction ceremony . Between four and eight new inductees are normally enshrined every year . In 2020 , an additional 15 members , known as the Centennial Slate , were inducted into the Hall of Fame to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the NFL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/English_cricket_team_in_India_in_2016", "text": "The English cricket team toured India between November 2016 and January 2017 playing five Tests , three One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) and three Twenty20 International ( T20I ) matches . The Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) confirmed the dates of the tour in July 2016 . India last hosted a five-Test series in 1986-87 against Pakistan . India agreed to use DRS for these series against England on trial basis to evaluate the improvements made in the system . This was the first time since 2008 that there was a bilateral series involving India with all the components of the review system in place , including Ultra Edge . However , Hot Spot was not amongst the tools available to be used . DRS was used in the ODI series between the two teams . The Test series was played for Anthony De Mello Trophy , with India winning the 5-match series 4-0 . During the fifth Test of the series , India made their highest total ever in Test cricket , scoring 759 runs for 7 wickets before declaring their innings . India 's victory in the fifth Test broke their record for consecutive Tests without defeat , taking their total to eighteen unbeaten matches . They also finished the year with nine Test victories , the most ever for India . Prior to the naming of the squads for the ODI and T20I matches , MS Dhoni announced that he was standing down as India 's limited-overs captain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shelbourne_F.C.", "text": "Shelbourne Football Club ( Irish : Cumann Peile Shíol Bhroin ) is an Irish association football club based in Drumcondra , Dublin , who play in the League of Ireland Premier Division . Shelbourne were founded in Dublin in 1895 . In 1904 the club joined the Irish Football League , which was then an all Ireland competition , before becoming founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921 . Shelbourne have won the league 13 times and are one of three clubs to have won both the IFA Cup and the FAI Cup . They play their home matches at Tolka Park , in the Dublin suburb of Drumcondra . The club colours are primarily red and white , with home jerseys being predominantly red . Shels is the club 's most common nickname , an abbreviation of Shelbourne . In the 2004/05 European season , Shelbourne became the first Irish club to reach the third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League . Their performances in European competition and former striker Jason Byrne being capped for the Republic of Ireland whilst with the club , gained Shelbourne international exposure . The club lost their Premier Division licence for the 2007 season due to the club 's debt situation . Although the club was saved , since then , Shelbourne have mainly played in the second tier of the League of Ireland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pordenone", "text": "Pordenone ( Italian : [ pordeˈnoːne ] ( listen ) ; Venetian and Friulian : Pordenon ) is the main comune of Pordenone province of northeast Italy in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region . The name comes from Latin Portus Naonis , meaning 'port on the Noncello ( Latin Naon ) River ' ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Black_Cauldron_(film)", "text": "The Black Cauldron is a 1985 American animated fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation in association with Silver Screen Partners II and released by Walt Disney Pictures . The 25th Disney animated feature film , it is loosely based on the first two books in The Chronicles of Prydain by Lloyd Alexander , a series of five novels that are , in turn , based on Welsh mythology . Set in the mythical land of Prydain during the Early Middle Ages , the film centers on the evil Horned King who hopes to secure an ancient magical cauldron that will aid him in his desire to conquer the world . He is opposed by a young pig keeper named Taran , the young princess Eilonwy , the bard Fflewddur Fflam , and a wild creature named Gurgi who seek to destroy the cauldron , to prevent the Horned King from ruling the world . The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich , who had directed Disney 's previous animated film The Fox and the Hound in 1981 , the first Disney animated film to be recorded in Dolby Stereo . It features the voices of Grant Bardsley , Susan Sheridan , Freddie Jones , Nigel Hawthorne , John Byner , and John Hurt . It was the first Disney animated film to receive a PG rating as well as the first Disney animated film to feature computer-generated imagery . The film was distributed theatrically through Buena Vista Distribution on July 26 , 1985 . With the budget of $ 25 to $ 44 million , it was the most expensive animated film ever made at the time . The film grossed $ 21.3 million domestically . Because of its commercial failure , Disney did not release the film on home video until 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pinerolo_F.C.", "text": "Pinerolo Football Club ( or simply Pinerolo ) is an Italian football club , based in Pinerolo , Piedmont . The team currently plays in Serie D/A ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anacostia_station", "text": "Anacostia is a Washington Metro station in Washington , D.C. on the Green Line . The station is located in the Anacostia neighborhood of Southeast Washington , with entrances at Shannon Place and Howard Road near Martin Luther King , Jr. Avenue SE ( a major street serving the southeastern portion of the city ) . The station serves as a hub for Metrobus routes in Southeast , Washington , D.C. and Prince George 's County , Maryland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Golf_(film)", "text": "Golf is a 1922 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy . The film has been released on DVD ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2004", "text": "The 2004 UEFA European Football Championship , commonly referred to as UEFA Euro 2004 or simply Euro 2004 , was the 12th edition of the UEFA European Championship , a quadrennial football competition contested by the men 's national teams of UEFA member associations . The final tournament was hosted for the first time in Portugal , from 12 June to 4 July 2004 , after their bid was selected on 12 October 1999 , over those of Spain and Austria/Hungary . A total of thirty-one matches were played in ten venues across eight cities - Aveiro , Braga , Coimbra , Guimarães , Faro/Loulé , Leiria , Lisbon , and Porto . As in the 1996 and 2000 editions , the final tournament was contested by 16 teams - the hosts plus the 15 teams that successfully overcame the qualification round , which began in September 2002 , following the 2002 FIFA World Cup . Latvia secured their first participation in a major tournament after overcoming Turkey in the play-offs , while Greece returned to the European Championship after 24 years . The tournament was rich in surprises and upsets : Germany , Spain , and Italy were eliminated in the group stage , while France , the defending champions , were knocked out in the quarter-finals by Greece . The Portuguese team recovered from an opening defeat against Greece to reach the final , eliminating England and the Netherlands along the way . For the first time in a major football tournament , the last match featured the same teams as the opening match . Portugal were defeated by Greece with a goal from Angelos Charisteas . Greece 's triumph was unexpected , considering that they had only qualified for two other major tournaments , the UEFA Euro 1980 and the 1994 FIFA World Cup , where they failed to win a single match . As winners , Greece earned the right to represent Europe at the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup . During the opening ceremony , one of the tableaux depicted a ship - symbolising the voyages of the Portuguese explorers - sailing through a sea that transformed into the flags of all competing countries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samba", "text": "Samba ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈsɐ̃bɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a Brazilian music genre and dance style , with its roots in Africa via the West African slave trade and African religious traditions , particularly of Angola and the Congo , through the samba de roda genre of the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia , from which it derived . Although there were various forms of samba in Brazil with popular rhythms originated from African drumming and the African structures of polyrhythm of Beat and Off-Beat , Time-Line-Pattern and the elementary pulse , that are performed by different instruments of the bateria of the samba schools of the famous Samba-Enredo , that has its origins in Rio de Janeiro . Samba is recognized around the world as a symbol of Brazil and the Brazilian Carnival . Considered one of the most popular Brazilian cultural expressions , the samba has become an icon of Brazilian national identity . The Bahian Samba de Roda ( dance circle ) , was added to the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2005 . It is the main root of the samba carioca , the samba that is played and danced in Rio de Janeiro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ghosteen", "text": "Ghosteen is the seventeenth studio album by the Australian rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds . It was released on 4 October 2019 on Ghosteen Ltd and on 8 November 2019 on Bad Seed Ltd , both the band 's own imprints . Ghosteen is a double album - the band 's first since Abattoir Blues / The Lyre of Orpheus ( 2004 ) - and the final part of a trilogy of albums that includes Push the Sky Away ( 2013 ) and Skeleton Tree ( 2016 ) . Upon release , the album was met with widespread critical acclaim ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985_in_video_gaming", "text": "1985 saw many sequels and prequels in video games and several new titles such as Gradius , Super Mario Bros. and Duck Hunt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hartford,_Connecticut", "text": "Hartford is the capital city of the U.S. state of Connecticut . It was the seat of Hartford County until Connecticut disbanded county government in 1960 . It is the core city in the Greater Hartford metropolitan area . Census estimates since the 2010 United States Census have indicated that Hartford is the fourth-largest city in Connecticut , behind the coastal cities of Bridgeport , New Haven , and Stamford . Hartford was founded in 1635 and is among the oldest cities in the United States . It is home to the country 's oldest public art museum ( Wadsworth Atheneum ) , the oldest publicly funded park ( Bushnell Park ) , the oldest continuously published newspaper ( the Hartford Courant ) , and the second-oldest secondary school ( Hartford Public High School ) . It is also home to the Mark Twain House , where the author wrote his most famous works and raised his family , among other historically significant sites . Mark Twain wrote in 1868 , Of all the beautiful towns it has been my fortune to see this is the chief . Hartford was the richest city in the United States for several decades following the American Civil War . Today , it is one of the poorest cities in the U.S. , with 3 out of every 10 families living below the poverty threshold . In sharp contrast , the Greater Hartford metropolitan statistical area was ranked 32nd of 318 metropolitan areas in total economic production and 8th out of 280 metropolitan statistical areas in per capita income in 2015 . Nicknamed the Insurance Capital of the World , it hosts many insurance company headquarters and is the region 's major industry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ivan_Valente", "text": "Ivan Valente ( born 5 July 1946 ) is a Brazilian politician , teacher and engineer . He has been a member of the Socialism and Liberty Party ( PSOL ) since 2005 and is a federal deputy for the state of São Paulo . He is the party leader at the Chamber of Deputies , and was PSOL 's president from 2011 to 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UConn_Huskies_women's_basketball", "text": "The UConn Huskies women 's basketball team is the college basketball program representing the University of Connecticut in Storrs , Connecticut , in NCAA Division I women 's basketball competition . They currently play in the American Athletic Conference , though the Huskies will leave that league after the 2019-20 school year to join the Big East Conference . The UConn Huskies are the most successful women 's basketball program in the nation , having won a record 11 NCAA Division I National Championships and a women 's record four in a row , from 2013 through 2016 , plus over 40 conference regular season and tournament championships . They have taken part in every NCAA Tournament since 1989 ; as of the end of the 2018-19 season , this is the third-longest active streak in Division I. UConn owns the two longest winning streaks ( men 's or women 's ) in college basketball history . The longest streak , 111 straight wins , started with a win against Creighton on November 23 , 2014 , and ended on March 31 , 2017 when a buzzer-beater at the end of overtime caused a 66-64 loss in the 2017 NCAA Final Four to Mississippi State . The second streak counts 90 consecutive wins , including two undefeated seasons ( 2008-09 and 2009-10 ) , and was delimited by two losses against Stanford , the first on April 6 , 2008 in the National Semifinals of the NCAA Tournament , and the second - three seasons later - on December 19 , 2010 . The Huskies also own the longest winning streak in regular-season games in college history ; after an overtime loss to Stanford on November 17 , 2014 , they won their next 126 regular-season games until a 68-57 loss to Baylor on January 3 , 2019 . UConn 's current head coach is Luigi Geno Auriemma , who joined the team in 1985 . Coach Auriemma is one of the best coaches in college basketball : his 1080-140 ( .885 ) record as of January 2020 [ update ] represents the highest winning percentage among NCAA basketball coaches ( minimum 10 seasons ) , any level , men 's or women 's , while ranking him third in all-time women 's wins behind former Tennessee coach Pat Summitt and current Stanford coach Tara VanDerveer . UConn has also been one of the leaders in women 's basketball attendance ; the team plays its home games at both the Harry A. Gampel Pavilion in Storrs and the XL Center in Hartford ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rob_Moore_(politician)", "text": "Robert S. Rob Moore PC MP ( born May 14 , 1974 ) is a Canadian lawyer , politician , and former Minister of State ( ACOA ) and Regional Minister for New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador . On September 15 , 2016 , Moore , although not a member of parliament , was appointed Conservative critic for Atlantic Canada and the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency ( ACOA ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Big_Eight_Conference", "text": "The Big Eight Conference was a National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) -affiliated Division I-A college athletic association that sponsored football . It was formed in January 1907 as the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( MVIAA ) by its charter member schools : the University of Kansas , University of Missouri , University of Nebraska , and Washington University in St. Louis . Additionally , the University of Iowa was an original member of the MVIAA , while maintaining joint membership in the Western Conference ( now the Big Ten Conference ) . The conference was dissolved in 1996 . Its membership at its dissolution consisted of the University of Nebraska , Iowa State University , the University of Colorado at Boulder , the University of Kansas , Kansas State University , the University of Missouri , the University of Oklahoma , and Oklahoma State University . The Big Eight kept its headquarters in Kansas City , Missouri . In February 1994 , the Big Eight and the Southwest Conference announced that the two leagues had reached an agreement to form a new conference . The eight members of the Big Eight joined with SWC schools Texas , Texas A & M , Baylor , and Texas Tech to form the Big 12 Conference the following year . A vote was conducted on whether to keep the new conference 's headquarters in Kansas City , and by a vote of 7-5 the conference members voted to move to Irving , Texas , a suburb of Dallas . The two Oklahoma schools , all four Texas schools , and Colorado voted for the move while both Kansas schools , Nebraska , Missouri , and Iowa State voted for Kansas City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jimmie_Johnson", "text": "Jimmie Kenneth Johnson ( born September 17 , 1975 ) is an American professional stock car racing driver . A seven-time champion in the NASCAR Cup Series , he currently competes full-time in the series , driving the No . 48 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 1LE for Hendrick Motorsports . Johnson was born in El Cajon , California , and began racing motorcycles at the age of four . After graduating from Granite Hills High School he competed in off-road series . He raced in Mickey Thompson Entertainment Group ( MTEG ) , Short-course Off-road Drivers Association ( SODA ) and SCORE International , winning rookie of the year in each series . In 1998 , Johnson and his team , Herzog Motorsports , began stock car racing . He moved to the national American Speed Association ( ASA ) series for late model touring cars , and won another rookie of the year title . In 2000 , he switched to the NASCAR Busch Series ( now Xfinity Series ) . He moved to Hendrick Motorsports in the Winston Cup Series in 2002 . After finishing fifth in the points in his first full season , he was second in 2003 and 2004 , and fifth in 2005 . Johnson won his first Cup Series championship in 2006 and with further wins in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 , he became the first and only driver in NASCAR history to win five consecutive championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armagh_Planetarium", "text": "Armagh Planetarium is a planetarium located in Armagh , Northern Ireland close to the city centre and neighbouring Armagh Observatory in approximately fourteen acres of landscaped grounds known as the Armagh Astropark ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cedric_Smith_(American_football)", "text": "Cedric Delon Smith ( born May 27 , 1968 ) is an American former college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League ( NFL ) for six seasons during the 1990s . Smith played college football for the University of Florida , and thereafter , he played professionally for the Minnesota Vikings , New Orleans Saints , Washington Redskins and Arizona Cardinals of the NFL . Smith is currently an assistant strength & conditioning coach with the Denver Broncos . He is entering his 15th season as an NFL strength and conditioning coach , Smith has seven years of experience leading the strength and conditioning programs for the Houston ( 2010-13 ) and Kansas City ( 2007-09 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ResidenSea", "text": "The World is the largest privately owned residential yacht . The residents , from about 45 countries , live on board as the ship travels , staying in most ports several days . Some residents choose to live on board full-time while others visit periodically throughout the year . It is operated by ROW Management , Ltd. , headquartered in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , United States . It has 165 residences ( 106 apartments , 19 studio apartments , and 40 studios ) , all owned by the ship 's residents . Average occupancy is 150-200 residents and guests . The World ( IMO ship identification number : 9219331 ) flies the flag of The Bahamas and has a gross tonnage of 43,188 tons . It is 196.35 metres ( 644 ft 2 in ) long , 29.8 metres ( 98 ft ) wide , and has a 6.7-metre ( 22 ft ) draft , 12 decks , and a maximum speed of 18.5 knots ( 34.3 km/h ; 21.3 mph ) . The crew numbers approximately 280 . The World also currently holds the world record for the southernmost ship voyage . The record was broken by her Capitan Dag H. Saevik , and the 63 residents on board at the time ( as well as the crewmembers ) . The record for the most southerly navigation reaching 78°43•997´S and 163°41•421´W at the Bay of Whales in Antarcticas Ross Sea ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Butambala_District", "text": "Butambala District is a district in the Central Region of Uganda ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Catharines", "text": "St. Catharines is the largest city in Canada 's Niagara Region and the sixth largest urban area in Ontario , with 96.13 square kilometres ( 37.1 sq mi ) of land and 133,113 residents in 2016 . It lies in Southern Ontario , 51 kilometres ( 32 mi ) south of Toronto across Lake Ontario , and is 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) inland from the international boundary with the United States along the Niagara River . It is the northern entrance of the Welland Canal . Residents of St. Catharines are known as St. Cathariners . St. Catharines carries the official nickname The Garden City due to its 1,000 acres ( 4 km2 ) of parks , gardens , and trails . St. Catharines is between the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area ( GTHA ) and the Canada-U.S. border at Fort Erie . Manufacturing is the city 's dominant industry , as noted by the heraldic motto , Industry and Liberality . General Motors of Canada , Ltd. , the Canadian subsidiary of General Motors , was the city 's largest employer , a distinction now held by the District School Board of Niagara . THK Rhythm Automotive , formerly TRW , operates a plant in the city , though in recent years employment there has shifted from heavy industry and manufacturing to services . St. Catharines lies on one of the main telecommunications backbones between Canada and the United States , and as a result a number of call centres operate in the city . It is designated an Urban Growth Centre by the Growth Plan for the Greater Golden Horseshoe , intended to achieve a minimum density target of 150 jobs and residents combined per hectare by 2032 or earlier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan", "text": "Jordan ( Arabic : الأردن Al-ʾUrdunn [ al.ʔur.dunː ] ) , officially the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan ( Arabic : المملكة الأردنية الهاشمية Al-Mamlakah al-Urdunniyyah Al-Hāshimiyyah ) , is an Arab country in Western Asia , on the East Bank of the Jordan River . Jordan is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south and the east , Iraq to the north-east , Syria to the north and Israel and the Palestinian West Bank to the west . The Dead Sea is located along its western borders and the country has a 26-kilometre ( 16 mi ) coastline on the Red Sea in its extreme south-west . Jordan is strategically located at the crossroads of Asia , Africa and Europe . The capital , Amman , is Jordan 's most populous city as well as the country 's economic , political and cultural centre . What is now Jordan has been inhabited by humans since the Paleolithic period . Three stable kingdoms emerged there at the end of the Bronze Age : Ammon , Moab and Edom . Later rulers include the Nabataean Kingdom , the Roman Empire , and the Ottoman Empire . After the Great Arab Revolt against the Ottomans in 1916 during World War I , the Ottoman Empire was partitioned by Britain and France . The Emirate of Transjordan was established in 1921 by the Hashemite , then Emir , Abdullah I , and the emirate became a British protectorate . In 1946 , Jordan became an independent state officially known as the Hashemite Kingdom of Transjordan , but was renamed in 1949 to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan after the country captured the West Bank during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War and annexed it until it was lost to Israel in 1967 . Jordan renounced its claim to the territory in 1988 , and became one of two Arab states to sign a peace treaty with Israel in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terengganu", "text": "Terengganu ( Malay pronunciation : [ tərəŋɡanu ] ; Jawi : ترڠݢانو , Terengganu Malay : Tranung , Thai : ตรังกานู ) formerly spelled Trengganu or Tringganu , is a sultanate and constitutive state of federal Malaysia . The state is also known by its Arabic honorific , Dāru l-Īmān ( Abode of Faith ) . The coastal city of Kuala Terengganu which stands at the mouth of the broad Terengganu River is both the state and royal capital as well as the largest city in Terengganu . There are many islands located close to the coast of Terengganu state , such as Redang Island ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marek_Rutkiewicz", "text": "Marek Rutkiewicz ( born 8 May 1981 in Olsztyn ) is a Polish road racing cyclist for UCI Continental team . Rutkiewicz 's strength lies in climbing and his victories have come in hilly races , including the mountains classification at the 2009 Tour de Pologne . For the 2020 season , Rutkiewicz will join the team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wilton_López", "text": "Wilton López ( born July 19 , 1983 ) is a Nicaraguan former professional baseball pitcher . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Houston Astros and Colorado Rockies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Niokolo-Koba", "text": "The Niokolo-Koba National Park ( French : Parc National du Niokolo Koba , PNNK ) is a World Heritage Site and natural protected area in south eastern Senegal near the Guinea-Bissau border . It is served by Niokolo-Koba Airport , an unpaved airstrip ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Django_(web_framework)", "text": "Django ( /ˈdʒæŋɡoʊ/ JANG-goh ; stylised as django ) is a Python-based free and open-source web framework , which follows the model-template-view ( MTV ) architectural pattern . It is maintained by the Django Software Foundation ( DSF ) , an independent organization established as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit . Django 's primary goal is to ease the creation of complex , database-driven websites . The framework emphasizes reusability and pluggability of components , less code , low coupling , rapid development , and the principle of do n't repeat yourself . Python is used throughout , even for settings files and data models . Django also provides an optional administrative create , read , update and delete interface that is generated dynamically through introspection and configured via admin models . Some well-known sites that use Django include the Public Broadcasting Service , Instagram , Mozilla , The Washington Times , Disqus , Bitbucket , and Nextdoor . It was used on Pinterest , but later the site moved to a framework built over Flask ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Steyr_SSG_69", "text": "The SSG 69 ( Scharfschützengewehr 69 , literally Sharpshooter Rifle 69 ) is a bolt-action sniper rifle produced by Steyr Mannlicher that serves as the standard sniper rifle for the Austrian Army . Adopted in 1969 ( hence the designation ) , it was ahead of its time with the use of synthetics and cold hammer-forged barrels for durability . Aside from being the Austrian Army 's standard issue sniper rifle , it is also used by several law enforcement organizations . It is extremely accurate and several international competitions have been won using an SSG-69 with accuracy being sub 0.15 mrad ( 0.5 moa ) . There are several variants made with mostly cosmetic differences , the only anomaly being the SSG-PIV using a 409 mm barrel with a 1:250 mm ( 1:10 inches ) twist designed to handle heavy subsonic ammunition in conjunction with a suppressor . The bolt action uses rear-locking lugs ( in common with the SMLE ) , rather than the more common front-locking lugs . This , and the fact that it is only produced in the 'short action ' length , limits the chambering to non-magnum calibres , a legacy of a military weapon designed only to fire the 7.62×51mm NATO cartridge . It is essentially a target/police/military weapon , but with its caliber and inherent accuracy , it lends itself to hunting that requires longer distance shots ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abergavenny", "text": "Abergavenny ( /ˌæbərɡəˈvɛni/ ; Welsh : Y Fenni pronounced [ ə ˈvɛnɪ ] , archaically Abergafenni meaning Mouth of the River Gavenny ) is a market town and community in Monmouthshire , Wales . Abergavenny is promoted as a Gateway to Wales . It is located on the A40 trunk road and the A465 Heads of the Valleys road and is approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) from the border with England . Originally the site of a Roman fort , Gobannium , it became a medieval walled town within the Welsh Marches . The town contains the remains of a medieval stone castle built soon after the Norman conquest of Wales . Abergavenny is situated at the confluence of the River Usk and a tributary stream , the Gavenny . It is almost entirely surrounded by mountains and hills : the Blorenge ( 559 m , 1,834 ft ) , the Sugar Loaf , ( 596 m , 1,955 ft ) , Ysgyryd Fawr ( Great Skirrid ) , Ysgyryd Fach ( Little Skirrid ) , Deri , Rholben and Mynydd Llanwenarth , known locally as Llanwenarth Breast . Abergavenny provides access to the nearby Black Mountains and the Brecon Beacons National Park . The Offa 's Dyke Path is close by and the Marches Way , the Beacons Way and Usk Valley Walk all pass through the town . In the UK 2011 census , the six relevant wards ( Lansdown , Grofield , Castle , Croesonen , Cantref and Priory ) collectively listed Abergavenny 's population as 12,515 . The town hosted the 2016 National Eisteddfod of Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carole_King", "text": "Carole King ( born Carol Joan Klein , February 9 , 1942 ) is an American singer-songwriter who has been active since 1958 , initially as one of the staff songwriters at the Brill Building and later as a solo artist . She is the most successful female songwriter of the latter half of the 20th century in the US , having written or co-written 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100 . King also wrote 61 hits that charted in the UK , making her the most successful female songwriter on the UK singles charts between 1952 [ contradictory ] and 2005 . King 's major success began in the 1960s when she and her first husband , Gerry Goffin , wrote more than two dozen chart hits , many of which have become standards , for numerous artists . She has continued writing for other artists since then . King 's success as a performer in her own right did not come until the 1970s , when she sang her own songs , accompanying herself on the piano , in a series of albums and concerts . After experiencing commercial disappointment with her debut album Writer , King scored her breakthrough with the album Tapestry , which topped the U.S. album chart for 15 weeks in 1971 and remained on the charts for more than six years . King has made 25 solo albums , the most successful being Tapestry , which held the record for most weeks at No . 1 by a female artist for more than 20 years . Her record sales were estimated at more than 75 million copies worldwide . She has won four Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for her songwriting . She is the recipient of the 2013 Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song , the first woman to be so honored ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_language", "text": "Chinese ( simplified Chinese : 汉语 ; traditional Chinese : 漢語 ; pinyin : Hànyǔ ; literally : 'Han language ' ; or especially though not exclusively for written Chinese : 中文 ; Zhōngwén ; 'Chinese writing ' ) is a group of languages that forms the Sinitic branch of the Sino-Tibetan languages . Chinese languages are spoken by the ethnic Chinese majority and many minority ethnic groups in China . About 1.2 billion people ( around 16% of the world 's population ) speak some form of Chinese as their first language . The varieties of Chinese are usually considered by native speakers to be regional variants of ethnic Chinese speech , without consideration of whether they are mutually intelligible . Due to their lack of mutual intelligibility , linguists generally describe them as distinct languages , perhaps hundreds , sometimes noting that they are more varied than the Romance languages . [ b ] Investigation of the historical relationships among the Sinitic languages is just getting started . Currently , most classifications posit 7 to 13 main regional groups , based on often superficial phonetic developments , of which the most populous by far is Mandarin ( about 800 million speakers , e.g . Southwestern Mandarin ) , followed by Min ( 75 million , e.g . Southern Min ) , Wu ( 74 million , e.g . Shanghainese ) , Yue ( 68 million , e.g . Cantonese ) . These groups are unintelligible to each other , and generally many of their subgroups are mutually unintelligible as well ( e.g. , not only is Min Chinese a family of mutually unintelligible languages , but Southern Min itself is not a single language ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1957_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1957 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the team 's 25th season in the National Football League . For the first time , the Steelers ' yellow helmets sported uniform numbers . Pittsburgh would use these uniforms through the 1961 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cathedral_of_the_Immaculate_Conception_(Lake_Charles,_Louisiana)", "text": "The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic cathedral located in Lake Charles , Louisiana , United States . It is the seat of the Diocese of Lake Charles . Immaculate Conception Parish was established in 1869 . The church was designed by the architectural firm of Favrot & Livaudais and it was built in 1913 . On January 29 , 1980 Pope John Paul II established the Diocese of Lake Charles and Immaculate Conception became the cathedral for the new diocese . The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 7 , 1994 . The cathedral church enshrines a century old image of the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Immaculate Conception made of Carrara marble . The venerated image was granted a Canonical coronation by the Pope Benedict XVI in 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mesa_Verde_National_Park", "text": "Mesa Verde National Park is an American national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site located in Montezuma County , Colorado . The park protects some of the best-preserved Ancestral Puebloan archaeological sites in the United States . Established by Congress and President Theodore Roosevelt in 1906 , the park occupies 52,485 acres ( 21,240 ha ) near the Four Corners region of the American Southwest . With more than 5,000 sites , including 600 cliff dwellings , it is the largest archaeological preserve in the United States . Mesa Verde ( Spanish for green table ) is best known for structures such as Cliff Palace , thought to be the largest cliff dwelling in North America . Starting c. 7500 BC Mesa Verde was seasonally inhabited by a group of nomadic Paleo-Indians known as the Foothills Mountain Complex . The variety of projectile points found in the region indicates they were influenced by surrounding areas , including the Great Basin , the San Juan Basin , and the Rio Grande Valley . Later , Archaic people established semi-permanent rock shelters in and around the mesa . By 1000 BC , the Basketmaker culture emerged from the local Archaic population , and by 750 AD the Ancestral Puebloans had developed from the Basketmaker culture . The Mesa Verdeans survived using a combination of hunting , gathering , and subsistence farming of crops such as corn , beans , and squash . They built the mesa 's first pueblos sometime after 650 , and by the end of the 12th century , they began to construct the massive cliff dwellings for which the park is best known . By 1285 , following a period of social and environmental instability driven by a series of severe and prolonged droughts , they abandoned the area and moved south to locations in Arizona and New Mexico , including Rio Chama , Pajarito Plateau , and Santa Fe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Science_Ninja_Team_Gatchaman", "text": "Science Ninja Team Gatchaman ( 科学忍者隊ガッチャマン , Kagaku Ninja Tai Gatchaman , lit . Science Ninja Squad Gatchaman ) is a Japanese animated franchise about a five-member superhero team created by Tatsuo Yoshida and produced by Tatsunoko Productions . The original anime series , which debuted in 1972 , was eponymously entitled Kagaku Ninja Tai Gatchaman and is best known in the English-speaking world as the adaptation entitled Battle of the Planets ( 1978 ) . The series had additional English adaptations with G-Force : Guardians of Space ( 1986 ) and ADV Films ' uncut 2005 release . Tatsunoko also uses the official translation Science Commando Gatchaman in related products and media . The original Kagaku Ninja Tai Gatchaman series was followed by an animated film and two direct sequel series , Gatchaman II ( 1978 ) and Gatchaman Fighter ( 1979 ) . During the 1990s , episodes from both series were dubbed into English by Saban as Eagle Riders . In the years since , the franchise has spawned many different productions , some that were left unproduced or evolved significantly from its development . This includes a 1994 original animated video remake , a cancelled 2011 animated film reboot by Imagi Animation Studios , a 2013 Japanese live-action film reboot by Nikkatsu Studios , various spinoffs , re-imaginings , and merchandise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cargo_ship", "text": "A cargo ship or freighter is a merchant ship that carries cargo , goods , and materials from one port to another . Thousands of cargo carriers ply the world 's seas and oceans each year , handling the bulk of international trade . Cargo ships are usually specially designed for the task , often being equipped with cranes and other mechanisms to load and unload , and come in all sizes . Today , they are almost always built by welded steel , and with some exceptions generally have a life expectancy of 25 to 30 years before being scrapped . [ better source needed ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Panchpargania_language", "text": "Kurmali ( Devanagari : कुर्माली , कुरमाली , Bengali : কুর্মালী , কুড়মালি , Odia : କୁଡ଼ମାଲି / କୁର୍ମାଲି , kur ( a ) mālī ) is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in eastern India . Kurmali is generally linked to the Kudumi Mahato ( also known as Kurmi , Mahanta or Mohanta ) community of Jharkhand , Odisha , and West Bengal . Kurmali is also spoken by the Kudumi people of Assam , and was brought to the tea gardens from Bihar , Odisha and West Bengal . Intellectuals claim that Kurmali may be the nearest form of language used in Charyapada . As a trade dialect , it is known as Panchpargania ( Bengali : পঞ্চপরগনিয়া ) , for the five districts of the region it covers , or Tamaria . Kurmali is a traditional language of Kurmi community ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_metropolitan_area", "text": "The New York metropolitan area is the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass , at 4,585 sq mi ( 11,880 km2 ) . The metropolitan area includes New York City ( the most populous city in the United States ) , Long Island , and the Mid and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York ; the five largest cities in New Jersey : Newark , Jersey City , Paterson , Elizabeth , and Edison , and their vicinities ; and six of the seven largest cities in Connecticut : Bridgeport , New Haven , Stamford , Waterbury , Norwalk , and Danbury , and their vicinities . The New York metropolitan area remains , by a significant margin , the most populous in the United States , as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area ( 20.3 million residents in 2017 ) and the Combined Statistical Area ( 23.7 million residents in 2016 ) . It is the largest urban agglomeration in the Americas and the tenth largest in the world . The New York metropolitan area continues to be the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States , with the largest foreign-born population of any metropolitan region in the world . The MSA covers 6,720 sq mi ( 17,405 km2 ) , while the CSA area is 13,318 sq mi ( 34,493 km2 ) , encompassing an ethnically and geographically diverse region . The New York metropolitan area 's population is larger than that of the state of New York , and the metropolitan airspace accommodated over 130 million passengers in 2016 . As a center of many industries , including finance , fintech , international trade , news and traditional media , real estate , education , fashion , entertainment , tourism , biotechnology , law , and manufacturing , the New York City metropolitan region is one of the most important economic regions in the world ; in 2015 , the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product ( GMP ) of nearly US $ 1.60 trillion , while in 2015 , the CSA had a GMP of over US $ 1.83 trillion , both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only nine nations and seven nations , respectively . In 2012 , the New York metropolitan area was also home to seven of the 25 wealthiest counties in the United States by median household income , according to the American Community Survey . According to Forbes , in 2014 , the New York City metropolitan area was home to eight of the top ten ZIP codes in the United States by median housing price , with six in Manhattan alone . The New York Metropolitan Area also houses five of the top ten richest places in America , according to Bloomberg . These are Scarsdale , NY ; Short Hills , NJ ; Old Greenwich , CT ; Bronxville , NY ; and Darien , CT ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Latin_Grammy_Awards_of_2007", "text": "The 8th Annual Latin Grammy Awards took place on Thursday , November 8 , 2007 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . The show aired on Univision . Juan Luis Guerra was the night 's big winner winning 5 awards including Album of the Year . Juan Luis Guerra was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year one night prior to the telecast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_L._MacDonald", "text": "Michael L. MacDonald ( born May 4 , 1955 ) is a Canadian politician and a Conservative member of the Canadian Senate . He was appointed on the advice of Stephen Harper to the Senate on January 2 , 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Redbridge_tube_station", "text": "Redbridge is a London Underground station on Eastern Avenue in the Redbridge district of Ilford in East London , on the Hainault Loop of the Central line , in Zone 4 . The station was opened on 14 December 1947 . Construction had begun in the 1930s but was delayed by the onset of the Second World War . During the war , the completed train tunnels at Redbridge were used by the Plessey company as an aircraft parts factory . The station building was designed by renowned Tube architect , Charles Holden , who also designed the other two below ground stations on the branch . Originally , the station was to have been named West Ilford , then this changed to Red House , before the final decision was made on Redbridge ( also given in the plans as Red Bridge . )"}
{"title": "/wiki/News", "text": "News is information about current events . This may be provided through many different media : word of mouth , printing , postal systems , broadcasting , electronic communication , or through the testimony of observers and witnesses to events . Common topics for news reports include war , government , politics , education , health , the environment , economy , business , fashion , and entertainment , as well as athletic events , quirky or unusual events . Government proclamations , concerning royal ceremonies , laws , taxes , public health , and criminals , have been dubbed news since ancient times . Humans exhibit a nearly universal desire to learn and share news , which they satisfy by talking to each other and sharing information . Technological and social developments , often driven by government communication and espionage networks , have increased the speed with which news can spread , as well as influenced its content . The genre of news as we know it today is closely associated with the newspaper , which originated in China as a court bulletin and spread , with paper and printing press , to Europe ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida_State_Seminoles_baseball", "text": "The Florida State Seminoles baseball team represents Florida State University ( variously Florida State or FSU ) in the sport of college baseball . Florida State competes in NCAA Division I , and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . The Florida State Seminoles are the winningest NCAA Division I college baseball program in percentage of games won , with an all-time win percentage of .725 as of the 2019 season . The Seminoles rank sixth in all-time number of total wins and third in post-season wins . The Seminoles have appeared in the NCAA Tournament fifty-seven times , advancing to the College World Series twenty-three times - and have appeared in the CWS Championship Game or Championship Series on three occasions in 1970 , 1986 and 1999 . Florida State has won eleven regular season conference championships and twenty conference tournament championships , including eight ACC tournament titles . Florida State has had ninety-five All-Americans , forty-one players inducted into the Hall of Fame , and sixty-two players that went on to play Major League Baseball . Former Seminoles who have gone on to have success include Randy Choate , J. D. Drew , Stephen Drew , Ron Fraser , Johnny Grubb , Terry Kennedy , Doug Mientkiewicz , Shane Robinson , Larry Rothschild , Tony La Russa , Paul Sorrento , Kevin Cash , Woody Woodward , and Jameis Winston . The Buster Posey National Collegiate Catcher of the Year Award , presented annually to the top catcher in college baseball , is named for Florida State hall of famer Buster Posey . Former head coach Mike Martin is the winningest coach in the history of college baseball . The Seminoles play their home games on campus at Mike Martin Field at Dick Howser Stadium on the university 's Tallahassee , Florida campus . Mike Martin Jr. is the current head coach ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Napoleonville,_Louisiana", "text": "Napoleonville is a village and the parish seat of Assumption Parish , in the U.S. state of Louisiana . The population was 660 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Pierre Part Micropolitan Statistical Area . The village is best known as the location where the film Because of Winn-Dixie , based on Kate DiCamillo 's Newbery Prize-winning novel , was shot . The book was set in ( fictional ) Naomi , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Randall_Garrison", "text": "Randall C. Garrison MP ( born August 27 , 1951 ) is a Canadian politician . Elected to the House of Commons in the 2011 federal election , he represents the electoral district of Esquimalt - Saanich - Sooke and is a member of the New Democratic Party . He serves as the party 's critic for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and transsexual issues , succeeding former MP Bill Siksay , and for National Defence . Since becoming an MP , he has introduced legislation to amend the Canadian Human Rights Act and the Criminal Code , return federal environmental protection to the Goldstream River , and lobbied the government to implement an action plan concerning the endangered Southern resident killer whales . A former criminology and political science instructor at Camosun College , Garrison is openly gay and lives in Esquimalt , British Columbia , with his partner , Teddy Pardede . Garrison previously stood for election in the 2004 and 2006 federal elections , both times as the NDP candidate in the Esquimalt - Juan de Fuca riding and both times narrowly losing to incumbent MP Keith Martin . He lived in Vancouver for a short time , during which he was nominated to be the NDP candidate in the Vancouver Centre riding during the 2008 federal election before dropping out for personal and professional reasons . After moving back to Esquimalt he was elected to the Esquimalt City Council for a three-year term starting in November 2008 . Garrison has served on the boards of several non-profit organizations as well as the Esquimalt Police Board . He is also an international human rights activist . He has worked as a policing researcher in Afghanistan with Amnesty International , on a Christian-Muslim peace building project in Indonesia for the International Catholic Migration Commission , and as co-coordinator of IFET , an international non-government human rights observer mission for the East Timor independence referendum in 1999 . In May 2010 , Garrison served as an international observer with the People 's International Observers Mission ( PIOM ) in the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao for the national elections in the Philippines ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Circo_(band)", "text": "Circo is a band from Puerto Rico which formed in 2001 . Its members are Jose Luis Fofé Abreu ( vocals ) , Edgardo Egui Santiago ( keyboards ) , José David Pérez ( drums , vibes ) , Nicolás Cordero ( bass ) ( Nico is no longer with the band ) , and Orlando Méndez ( guitar ) . The band was nominated for Rock New Artist at the 16th Lo Nuestro Awards , losing to Mexican singer Alessandra Rosaldo . They also have been nominated for various Latin Grammy Awards in Latin Grammy Awards of 2002 , Latin Grammy Awards of 2005 and Latin Grammy Awards of 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Universal_Pictures", "text": "Universal Pictures ( also known as Universal Studios , and formerly Universal Film Manufacturing Company ) is an American film studio owned by Comcast through the NBCUniversal Film and Entertainment division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal . Founded in 1912 by Carl Laemmle , Mark Dintenfass , Charles O. Baumann , Adam Kessel , Pat Powers , William Swanson , David Horsley , Robert H. Cochrane , and Jules Brulatour , it is the oldest surviving film studio in the United States ; the world 's fifth oldest after Gaumont , Pathé , Titanus , and Nordisk Film ; and the oldest member of Hollywood 's Big Five studios in terms of the overall film market . Its studios are located in Universal City , California , and its corporate offices are located in New York City . Universal Pictures is a member of the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) , and was one of the Little Three majors during Hollywood 's golden age ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stabilo_(band)", "text": "Stabilo ( originally Stabilo Boss ) was a Canadian rock band from Maple Ridge , British Columbia . It formed in 1999 and is best known for its songs Everybody , One More Pill , Do n't Look In Their Eyes , Flawed Design , and Kidding Ourselves ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Schlitterbahn", "text": "Schlitterbahn is an American brand of water parks and resorts owned by Cedar Fair . It was previously a company that was family-owned-and-operated by the Henry family that was based in New Braunfels , Texas . Schlitterbahn opened its first location , Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort , in 1979 . At its peak , the company consisted of five outdoor waterparks , two indoor waterparks , and three resorts . Schlitterbahn 's outdoor water parks are seasonally-operated , typically open from late April through mid-September , while its indoor locations operate year-round . Two parks are located in Texas . On June 13 , 2019 , Cedar Fair entered an agreement to acquire two of Schlitterbahn 's properties in Galveston and New Braunfels for $ 261 million . The deal , which closed in early July 2019 , gives Cedar Fair the option to purchase Schlitterbahn Waterpark Kansas City for $ 6 million within 120 days of the transaction which Cedar Fair declined to do . Additionally , the rights to the Schlitterbahn name were included in the acquisition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delevan_Baptist_Church", "text": "Delevan Baptist Church , also known as First Baptist Church and First Colored Baptist Church , is a historic African-American Baptist church building located at 632 W. Main Street in Charlottesville , Virginia . It was built in 1883 , and is a one-story , three bay by six bay , Victorian Romanesque style brick church . It sits on a raised basement and features with a square projecting central tower topped by a large octagonal lantern on a square base , both of wood . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . It is located in the Fifeville and Tonsler Neighborhoods Historic District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_men's_national_inline_hockey_team", "text": "The United States men 's national inline hockey team is based in Colorado Springs , Colorado . The team that competes in the IIHF InLine Hockey World Championships is controlled by USA Hockey , while the team that competes in the FIRS Senior Men 's Inline Hockey World Championships is controlled by USA Roller Sports . The United States has won 6 of 18 IIHF gold medals and 14 of 18 FIRS gold medals at world championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1902_in_baseball", "text": "The following are the baseball events of the year 1902 throughout the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armenia", "text": "The original native Armenian name for the country was Հայք ( Hayk ) ; however , it is currently rarely used . The contemporary name Հայաստան ( Hayastan ) became popular in the Middle Ages by addition of the Persian suffix -stan ( place ) . [ citation needed ] . However the origins of the name Hayastan trace back to much earlier dates and were first attested in circa 5th century in the works of Agathangelos , Faustus of Byzantium , Ghazar Parpetsi , Koryun , and Sebeos . The name has traditionally been derived from Hayk ( Հայկ ) , the legendary patriarch of the Armenians and a great-great-grandson of Noah , who , according to the 5th-century AD author Moses of Chorene ( Movsis Khorenatsi ) , defeated the Babylonian king Bel in 2492 BC and established his nation in the Ararat region . The further origin of the name is uncertain . It is also further postulated that the name Hay comes from one of the two confederated , Hittite vassal states - the Ḫayaša-Azzi ( 1600-1200 BC ) . The exonym Armenia is attested in the Old Persian Behistun Inscription ( 515 BC ) as Armina ( ) . The Ancient Greek terms Ἀρμενία ( Armenía ) and Ἀρμένιοι ( Arménioi , Armenians ) are first mentioned by Hecataeus of Miletus ( c. 550 BC - c. 476 BC ) . Xenophon , a Greek general serving in some of the Persian expeditions , describes many aspects of Armenian village life and hospitality in around 401 BC . Some scholars have linked the name Armenia with the Early Bronze Age state of Armani ( Armanum , Armi ) or the Late Bronze Age state of Arme ( Shupria ) . These connections are inconclusive as it is not known what languages were spoken in these kingdoms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hartford_Dark_Blues", "text": "The Hartford Dark Blues were a 19th-century baseball team . The team was based in Hartford , Connecticut ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Midfielder_(association_football)", "text": "A midfielder is an association football position . Midfielders are generally positioned on the field between their team 's defenders and forwards . Some midfielders play a disciplined defensive role , breaking up attacks , and are otherwise known as defensive midfielders . Others blur the boundaries , being more mobile and efficient in passing : they are commonly referred to as deep-lying midfielders , play-makers , box-to-box , or holding midfielders . The number of midfielders on a team and their assigned roles depends on the team 's formation ; the collective group of these players on the field is sometimes referred to as the midfield . Most managers assign at least one midfielder to disrupt the opposing team 's attacks , while others may be tasked with creating goals , or have equal responsibilities between attack and defence . Midfielders are the players who typically travel the greatest distance during a match . Because midfielders arguably have the most possession during a game they are among the fittest players on the pitch ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Hope", "text": "Bob Hope , KBE ( born Leslie Townes Hope ; May 29 , 1903 - July 27 , 2003 ) was an English-American stand-up comedian , vaudevillian , actor , singer , dancer , athlete , and author . With a career that spanned nearly 80 years , Hope appeared in more than 70 short and feature films , with 54 feature films with Hope as star , including a series of seven Road musical comedy movies with Bing Crosby as Hope 's top-billed partner . In addition to hosting the Academy Awards show 19 times , more than any other host , he appeared in many stage productions and television roles , and was the author of 14 books . The song Thanks for the Memory was his signature tune . Hope was born in the Eltham district of southeast London , UK , arrived in the United States of America with his family at the age of four , and grew up in the Cleveland , Ohio , area . After a brief career as a boxer in the late 1910s , he began his career in show business in the early 1920s , initially as a comedian and dancer on the vaudeville circuit , before acting on Broadway . Hope began appearing on radio and in films starting in 1934 . He was praised for his comedic timing , specializing in one-liners and rapid-fire delivery of jokes which often were self-deprecating . He helped establish modern American stand-up comedy . Celebrated for his long career performing in United Service Organizations ( USO ) shows to entertain active duty American military personnel , making 57 tours for the USO between 1941 and 1991 , Hope was declared an honorary veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces in 1997 by an act of the United States Congress . He appeared in numerous specials for NBC television starting in 1950 , and was one of the first users of cue cards . Hope participated in the sports of golf and boxing and owned a small stake in his hometown baseball team , the Cleveland Indians ."}
{"title": "/wiki/French_language", "text": "French ( le français [ lə fʁɑ̃sɛ ] or la langue française [ la lɑ̃ɡ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ) is a Romance language of the Indo-European family . It descended from the Vulgar Latin of the Roman Empire , as did all Romance languages . French evolved from Gallo-Romance , the spoken Latin in Gaul , and more specifically in Northern Gaul . Its closest relatives are the other langues d'oïl - languages historically spoken in northern France and in southern Belgium , which French ( Francien ) has largely supplanted . French was also influenced by native Celtic languages of Northern Roman Gaul like Gallia Belgica and by the ( Germanic ) Frankish language of the post-Roman Frankish invaders . Today , owing to France 's past overseas expansion , there are numerous French-based creole languages , most notably Haitian Creole . A French-speaking person or nation may be referred to as Francophone in both English and French . French is an official language in 29 countries across multiple continents , most of which are members of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie ( OIF ) , the community of 84 countries which share the official use or teaching of French . It is spoken as a first language ( in descending order of the number of speakers ) in France , the Canadian provinces of Quebec , Ontario and New Brunswick as well as other Francophone regions , Belgium ( Wallonia and the Brussels-Capital Region ) , western Switzerland ( cantons of Bern , Fribourg , Geneva , Jura , Neuchâtel , Vaud , Valais ) , Monaco , partly in Luxembourg , the states of Louisiana , Maine , New Hampshire and Vermont in the United States , and in northwestern Italy ( region of Aosta Valley ) , and by various communities elsewhere . In 2015 , approximately 40% of the francophone population ( including L2 and partial speakers ) lived in Europe , 35% in sub-Saharan Africa , 15% in North Africa and the Middle East , 8% in the Americas , and 1% in Asia and Oceania . French is the fourth most widely spoken mother tongue in the European Union . Of Europeans who speak other languages natively , approximately one-fifth are able to speak French as a second language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HAL_Labs", "text": "HAL Laboratory , Inc. is a Japanese video game developer founded on February 21 , 1980 . While it is officially independent , it has been closely affiliated with Nintendo throughout its history . The company is headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , and it also has a building at Kai , Yamanashi . The company got its name because each letter put them one step ahead of IBM . The company is most famous for their work on the Kirby and Mother series , as well as the first Super Smash Bros. game . The logo , Inutamago ( Japanese : 犬たまご Dog Eggs ) depicts a dog incubating eggs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Carousel_(channel)", "text": "Carousel or Carousel International is a Russian television channel dedicated to children and youth . It was founded by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev . It is currently available in Russia , in France via Free and in the United States via DirecTV ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_Tennessee", "text": "Tennessee was admitted to the Union on June 1 , 1796 . Its United States Senate seats were declared vacant in March 1862 owing to its secession from the Union . They were again filled from July 1866 . Tennessee 's current Senators are Republicans Lamar Alexander and Marsha Blackburn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016–17_Iraqi_Premier_League", "text": "The 2016-17 Iraqi Premier League ( Arabic : الدوري العراقي الممتاز 2016-17 ) was the 43rd season of the Iraqi Premier League , the highest division for Iraqi association football clubs , since its establishment in 1974 . The season started on 15 September 2016 , and ended on 10 August 2017 . Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya won their sixth Premier League title , finishing four points ahead of second-placed Al-Naft and losing just one game throughout the campaign . This was Jawiya 's first league title since the 2004-05 season , and their manager Basim Qasim became the joint-most successful manager in the league 's history with three titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1992–93_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The National Football League playoffs for the 1992 season began on January 2 , 1993 . The postseason tournament concluded with the Dallas Cowboys defeating the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVII , 52-17 , on January 31 , at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gillette,_Wyoming", "text": "Gillette is a city in and the county seat of Campbell County , Wyoming , United States . The population was estimated at 30,560 as of July 1 , 2017 . Gillette is centrally located in an area involved with the development of vast quantities of American coal , oil , and coalbed methane gas . The city calls itself the Energy Capital of the Nation , noting that the state of Wyoming provides nearly 35% of the nation 's coal . Over the last decade , Gillette had a population increase of 48% from the 2000 census of 19,646 residents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France", "text": "France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Abidjan", "text": "Abidjan ( /ˌæbɪˈdʒɑːn/ AB-ih-JAHN , French : [ abidʒɑ̃ ] ; Nko : ߊߓߌߖߊ߲߬ ) is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and one of the most populous French-speaking cities in Africa . According to the 2014 census , Abidjan 's population was 4.7 million , which is 20 percent of the overall population of the country , and this also makes it the sixth most populous city proper in Africa , after Lagos , Cairo , Kinshasa , Dar es Salaam , and Johannesburg . A cultural crossroads of West Africa , Abidjan is characterised by a high level of industrialisation and urbanisation . The city expanded quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 , followed by its designation as the capital city of the then-French colony in 1933 . Abidjan remained the capital of Côte d'Ivoire after its independence from France in 1960 . The completion of the Vridi Canal in 1951 enabled Abidjan to become an important sea port . In 1983 , the city of Yamoussoukro was designated as the official political capital of Côte d'Ivoire . However , almost all political institutions and foreign embassies continue to be located in Abidjan . Because Abidjan is also the largest city in the country and the centre of its economic activity , it has officially been designated as the economic capital of the country . The Abidjan Autonomous District , which encompasses the city and some of its suburbs , is one of the 14 districts of Côte d'Ivoire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hideko_Maehata", "text": "Hideko Maehata ( 前畑 秀子 , Maehata Hideko , May 20 , 1914 - February 24 , 1995 ) was a Japanese breaststroke swimmer and the first Japanese woman to earn a gold medal in the Olympics . Maehata was born in Hashimoto , Wakayama , as the daughter of a tofu producer and as a child learned to swim in the Kinokawa River . In the fifth grade of elementary school , she set an unofficial youth record for the 50-meter breaststroke . She went on to win numerous competitions , and was sponsored to attend a womens boarding school in Nagoya which specialized in swimming , but the sudden death of her parents in 1931 forced her return home . Yet she was selected for the Japanese Olympic swimming team for the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , and won the silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke event . She lost to Clare Dennis a mere 0.1 of a second . During the post-Olympic celebration after her return to Japan , she stated that she was considering to retire from competitive swimming due to family issues , but then Tokyo mayor Hidejirō Nagata reportedly asked her why she did not bring back a gold medal . Over the next four years , Maehata trained very hard , and set a new world record for the 200-meter breaststroke on September 30 , 1933 . During the 1936 Berlin Olympics , Maehata competed in a dead heat against the reigning German national champion , Martha Genenger , winning the gold medal for the Women 's 200 m breaststroke by over one second . Despite the time difference , the race was broadcast live in Japan by NHK Radio . In 1937 , Maehata married Masahiko Hyodo , a professor of the medical school of Nagoya University , and retired from competition . She was awarded the Purple Ribbon of Merit by the Japanese government in 1964 and inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harimau_Muda_B", "text": "Harimau Muda B was the club name for the former Malaysia Under-21 National Football Team and was managed by the Football Association of Malaysia . The national team played as a club under the name Harimau Muda B which took part in Malaysia Premier League from the 2007-08 season and also FA Cup Malaysia . In 2015 , Harimau Muda once again became a single team composed of former Harimau Muda A & B players . Harimau Muda B last competed in Singapore 's 2014 S. League . The team was aimed at developing Malaysian youth players and does not recruit any foreign nationals in its squad . On 25 November 2015 , it was confirmed that the Harimau Muda has disbanded by FAM which means all the player from Harimau Muda A , Harimau Muda B and Harimau Muda C will be returned to their own state . The name Harimau Muda means Young Tigers in English ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marina_Eltsova", "text": "Marina Alexeevna Eltsova ( Russian : Марина Алексеевна Ельцова ; born 4 February 1970 ) is a Russian pair skater . She represented the Soviet Union until its fall , and , after that , Russia . With partner Andrei Bushkov , she is the 1996 World champion and a two-time ( 1993 and 1997 ) European champion . Eltsova and Bushkov missed the 1997-1998 Champions Series Final because Bushkov had a groin injury . They withdrew from the 1998 European Championships - Bushkov 's right blade broke during the short program . The pair competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics , where they placed seventh . They were coached by Natalia Pavlova in Saint Petersburg . Eltsova previously skated with Sergei Zaitsev , representing the Soviet Union . Eltsova is married and has a daughter [ citation needed ] . She currently is a figure skating coach at several rinks in the Kansas City metro area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rodney_Robert_Porter", "text": "Prof Rodney Robert Porter , CH , FRS FRSE HFRCP ( 8 October 1917 - 6 September 1985 ) was a British biochemist and Nobel laureate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SS_Norway", "text": "SS France was a Compagnie Générale Transatlantique ( CGT , or French Line ) ocean liner , constructed by the Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard at Saint-Nazaire , France , and put into service in February 1962 . At the time of her construction in 1960 , the 316 m ( 1,037 ft ) vessel was the longest passenger ship ever built , a record that remained unchallenged until the construction of the 345 m ( 1,132 ft ) RMS Queen Mary 2 in 2004 . France was later purchased by Norwegian Cruise Line ( NCL ) in 1979 , renamed SS Norway and underwent significant modifications that better suited her for cruising duties . She was renamed SS Blue Lady and sold to be scrapped in 2006 , and scrapping was completed in late 2008 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ioan_Andone", "text": "Ioan Andone ( Romanian pronunciation : [ iˈo̯an anˈdone ] ; born 15 March 1960 ) is a Romanian football coach and former player . He last managed Dinamo Bucharest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cat_Island,_Bahamas", "text": "Cat Island is in the central Bahamas , and is one of its districts . Cat Island also has the nation 's highest point , Mount Alvernia ( also known as Como Hill ) . It rises to 206 feet ( 63 m ) and is topped by a monastery called The Hermitage . This assembly of buildings was erected by the Franciscan Brother Jerome ( John Hawes ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Luleå", "text": "Luleå ( /ˈluːleɪoʊ/ LOO-lay-oh , Swedish : [ ˈlʉ̌ːlɛɔ ] ( listen ) , locally [ ˈlʉ̌ːlɛ ] ( listen ) ; Westrobothnian : Lul , Leul , or Leol [ ²lʉːɽ ] , locally [ ²lewɽ ] ; Lule Sami : Luleju ) is a city on the coast of northern Sweden , and the capital of Norrbotten County , the northernmost county in Sweden . Luleå has 48,728 inhabitants in its urban core ( 2018 ) and is the seat of Luleå Municipality ( with a total population of 76,770 ) . Luleå has the seventh biggest harbor in Sweden for shipping goods . It has a large steel industry and is a center for extensive research . Luleå University of Technology is one of Sweden 's three technology universities ( the other two are KTH and Chalmers ) and the northernmost university in Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orkney", "text": "Orkney /ˈɔːrkni/ ( Old Norse : Orkneyjar ) , also known as the Orkney Islands , [ Notes 1 ] is an archipelago in the Northern Isles of Scotland , situated off the north coast of the island of Great Britain . Orkney is 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of the coast of Caithness and has about 70 islands , of which 20 are inhabited . The largest island , Mainland , is often referred to as the Mainland , and has an area of 523 square kilometres ( 202 sq mi ) , making it the sixth-largest Scottish island and the tenth-largest island in the British Isles . The largest settlement and administrative centre is Kirkwall . Orkney is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland , a constituency of the Scottish Parliament , a lieutenancy area , and a historic county . The local council is Orkney Islands Council , one of only three Councils in Scotland with a majority of elected members who are independents . [ Notes 2 ] The islands have been inhabited for at least 8,500 years , originally occupied by Mesolithic and Neolithic tribes and then by the Picts . Orkney was colonised and later annexed by Norway in 875 and settled by the Norse . The Scottish Parliament then absorbed the earldom to the Scottish Crown in 1472 , following the failed payment of a dowry for James III 's bride Margaret of Denmark . In addition to the Mainland , most of the remaining islands are in two groups , the North and South Isles , all of which have an underlying geological base of Old Red Sandstone . The climate is mild and the soils are extremely fertile , most of the land being farmed . Agriculture is the most important sector of the economy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Torslanda", "text": "Torslanda is an urban district situated in Gothenburg Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden . It had 10,129 inhabitants in 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yurihonjō,_Akita", "text": "Yurihonjō ( 由利本荘市 , Yurihonjō-shi ) is a city located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . As of 31 January 2020 [ update ] , the city has an estimated population of 76,077 in 30,639 households , and a population density of 63 persons per km² . The total area of the city is 1,209.60 square kilometres ( 467.03 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1999–2000_NHL_season", "text": "The 1999-2000 NHL season was the 83rd regular season of the National Hockey League . With the addition of the expansion Atlanta Thrashers , 28 teams each played 82 games . This was the first season played in which teams were awarded a point for an overtime loss . The New Jersey Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars for their second Stanley Cup championship . During the regular season , no player reached the 100-point plateau , the first time this had happened in a non-lockout season since the 1967-68 season . Also , in the 2000 Stanley Cup playoffs , the New Jersey Devils overcame a three games to one deficit against the Philadelphia Flyers to win the Eastern Conference Finals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vilayet", "text": "A vilayet ( Turkish pronunciation : [ vilaːˈjet ] ; French : vilaïet or vilayet [ note 1 ] ) was a first-order administrative division , or province of the later Ottoman Empire , introduced with the promulgation of the Vilayet Law ( Turkish : Teşkil-i Vilayet Nizamnamesi ) of 21 January 1867 . The reform was part of the ongoing administrative reforms that were being enacted throughout the empire , and enshrined in the Imperial Edict of 1856 . The reform was at first implemented experimentally in the Danube Vilayet , specially formed in 1864 and headed by the leading reformist Midhat Pasha . The reform was gradually implemented , and not until 1884 was it applied to the entirety of the Empire 's provinces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/SpongeBob_SquarePants", "text": "SpongeBob SquarePants is an American animated comedy television series created by marine science educator and animator Stephen Hillenburg for Nickelodeon . The series chronicles the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his aquatic friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom . The fifth-longest-running American animated series , its popularity has made it a media franchise . It is the highest rated series to air on Nickelodeon and ViacomCBS Domestic Media Networks ' most distributed property . As of late 2017 , the media franchise has generated $ 13 billion in merchandising revenue for Nickelodeon . Many of the series ' ideas originated in The Intertidal Zone , an unpublished educational book that Hillenburg created in 1989 to teach his students about undersea life . He began developing SpongeBob SquarePants into a television series in 1996 following the cancellation of Rocko 's Modern Life . He turned to Tom Kenny , who had worked with him on that series , to voice the title character . SpongeBob was originally going to be named SpongeBoy , and the series called SpongeBoy Ahoy ! ; both of these were changed as the name was already trademarked . Nickelodeon held a preview for the series in the United States on May 1 , 1999 , after it aired the 1999 Kids ' Choice Awards . The series officially premiered on July 17 , 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elk_Rapids_Township_Hall", "text": "The Elk Rapids Township Hall is a government building located on River Street in Elk Rapids , Michigan . It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NTV_Plus", "text": "NTV Plus ( Russian : НТВ Плюс ) is the brand name for the Russian digital satellite television service from NTV , transmitted from Eutelsat 's W4 satellite at 36.0°E and from Bonum 1 at 56.0°E . Previously a part of Vladimir Gusinsky 's media empire ( Media Most holding ) , now it is included in the Gazprom Media holding ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Watford_Borough_Council", "text": "Watford Borough Council is the local authority for the Watford non-metropolitan district of England , the United Kingdom . Watford is located in the south-west of Hertfordshire , in the East of England region . The council is based in the town hall on Hempstead Road . The council consists of 36 elected members as well as a directly elected mayor , representing twelve electoral wards following a Boundary Commission review which came into effect in 1999 . Each ward returns three councillors to serve four-year terms . The coat of arms of Watford Borough Council features a fasces ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NTV_Canada", "text": "NTV Canada ( НТВ in Cyrillic ) was a Canadian exempt Category B Russian language specialty channel . The channel was owned by HTB Canada Inc . It broadcast programming from NTV Russia and local Canadian content . NTV Canada produced weekly news program Today and Yesterday with Andrei Mazuruc and Stanislav Milashchenko , talk show Honest Talk with Luba Cherny , and arts and culture program Afisha ( What 's on ) with Svetlana Dvoretskaya . The channel broadcast a variety of programming including seven live daily newscasts , talk shows , films , and popular TV series ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belle_Vue_(Wakefield)", "text": "Belle Vue ( known as the Mobile Rocket Stadium under sponsorship agreement ) in Wakefield , England , is the home of Wakefield Trinity rugby league team . It is beside the A638 Doncaster Road , approximately one mile south of Wakefield city centre ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woodward,_Oklahoma", "text": "Woodward is a city in and the county seat of Woodward County , Oklahoma , United States . It is the largest city in a nine-county area . The population was 12,051 at the 2010 census . The area was historically occupied by the Kiowa , Comanche , Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes . European-American settlers established the town in 1887 after construction of the railroad to that point for shipping cattle to markets . The town was on the Great Western Cattle Trail . In the 19th century , it was one of the most important depots in the Oklahoma Territory for shipping cattle to the East . As an important cattle town , it had the rough frontier bawdiness of the time . The United States opened up much of the area to European-American settlement by the Land Run of 1893 , and migrants rushed into the area . Boiling Springs State Park , named for its artesian springs that seem to boil , has been established east of the city . Federal dockets were held annually in November through 1948 , and sporadically at need after that ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Target_Corporation", "text": "Target Corporation is the 8th-largest retailer in the United States , and is a component of the S & P 500 Index . Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis , the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton 's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910 . The first Target store opened in Roseville , Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967 . It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L . Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton 's , Hudson 's , Marshall Field 's , and Mervyn 's . It is unrelated to Target Australia . Target established itself as the day time division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s ; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s . The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry . The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004 . It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Target Canada subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States . As of February 2nd , 2019 , Target operates 1,844 stores throughout the United States . The company is ranked No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._Elliott_Burch", "text": "John Elliott Burch ( March 3 , 1924 - January 30 , 2011 ) was an American National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse trainer . Four of his horses were inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chris_Neil", "text": "Chris Neil ( born June 18 , 1979 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger . Neil was originally drafted in the sixth round , 161st overall , in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators , and played his entire NHL career with the Senators organization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Madhepura_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Madhepura Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Temenggor_Dam", "text": "The Temengor Dam or Temengor Hydro-Electric Project or Temengor Power Station is a dam in Gerik , Perak , Malaysia . It is located on Perak River about 200 km northeast of Ipoh . Construction of the dam impounded Temenggor Lake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Cebu", "text": "The University of Cebu ( UC ) ( Cebuano : Unibersidad sa Sugbo ; Filipino : Pamantasan ng Cebu ) is an educational institution in Cebu City , Philippines founded in 1964 offering preschool , grade school , junior & senior high school , undergraduate degrees , and post-graduate degrees . It currently has four campuses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/A.C._ChievoVerona", "text": "Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona , commonly referred to as Chievo Verona or simply Chievo [ ˈkjɛːvo ] , is an Italian football club named after and based in Chievo , a suburb of 4,500 inhabitants in Verona , Veneto , and owned by Paluani , a bakery product company and the inspiration for their original name , Paluani Chievo . The club shares the 38,402 seater Marc'Antonio Bentegodi stadium with its cross-town rivals Hellas Verona ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Las_Vegas,_Nevada", "text": "Las Vegas ( Spanish for The Meadows ) , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County . The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert . Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city , known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife . The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial , commercial , and cultural center for Nevada . The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World , and is famous for its mega casino-hotels and associated activities . It is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions and a global leader in the hospitality industry , claiming more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any other city in the world . Today , Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world 's most visited tourist destinations . The city 's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City , and has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature , films , television programs , and music videos . Las Vegas was settled in 1905 and officially incorporated in 1911 . At the close of the 20th century , it was the most populated American city founded within that century ( a similar distinction was earned by Chicago in the 19th century ) . Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2% . Rapid growth has continued into the 21st century , and according to estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had 648,224 residents in 2018 , with a metropolitan population of 2,227,053 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whistler_Olympic_Park", "text": "The Whistler Olympic Park is the location of the Nordic events facilities for the 2010 Winter Olympics and is located in the Madeley Creek basin in the Callaghan Valley , west of Whistler , British Columbia , Canada . The facility hosted the biathlon , cross-country skiing , Nordic combined , and ski jumping . After the Olympics will remain a public facility , complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use . Three temporary stadiums were built with a capacity for 12,000 spectators each ( 6,000 for the Paralympics ) . The location is approximately 8 km from the junction of its access road with Highway 99 and 14 km from the Whistler Olympic Village . The two year construction project saw , 14 km ( 8.7 mi ) of cross country and biathlon trails , two ski jumps ( HS 106 and HS 140 metre ) , and another 20 to 25 km of recreational trails built . There is also a permanent Biathlon range which can be used daily . Overall , $ 119.7 million was spent on the facilities in the Callaghan Valley . Permanent features were completed in the fall of 2007 . It is now a public cross-country and back country ski facility . Located between the ski jumps and cross country area there is an 11,000-square-foot ( 1,000 m2 ) Day Lodge . Which has a gift shop , cafeteria , washrooms , lounge and rental center ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andizhan", "text": "Andijan ( sometimes spelled Andijon or Andizhan in English ) ( Uzbek : Andijon / Андижон / ئەندىجان ; Persian : اندیجان , Andijân/Andīǰān ; Russian : Андижан , Andižan ) is a city in Uzbekistan . It is the administrative , economic , and cultural center of Andijan Region . Andijan is located in the south-eastern edge of the Fergana Valley near Uzbekistan 's border with Kyrgyzstan . Andijan is one of the oldest cities in the Fergana Valley . In some parts of the city , archeologists have found items dating back to the 7th and 8th centuries . Historically , Andijan was an important city on the Silk Road . The city is perhaps best known as the birthplace of Babur who , following a series of setbacks , finally succeeded in laying the basis for the Mughal dynasty in the Indian subcontinent and became the first Mughal emperor . Andijan also gained notoriety in 2005 when government forces opened fire on protestors , killing hundreds in what came to be known as the Andijan Massacre . Andijan was developed into an important industrial city during the Soviet era . Manufactured goods produced in the city include chemicals , domestic appliances , electronics , foodstuffs , furniture , plows , pumps , shoes , spare parts for farming machines , various engineering tools , and wheelchairs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scott_County,_Missouri", "text": "Scott County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 39,191 . Its county seat is Benton . The county was organized in 1821 and named for U.S. Representative John Scott , the first federal representative from Missouri . Scott County comprises the Sikeston , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Cape Girardeau-Sikeston , MO-IL Combined Statistical Area . The county is home to Scott County Central High School , which has won 18 state championships in boys basketball - the most of any high school in the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Contemporary_Christian_music", "text": "Contemporary Christian music ( or CCM - and occasionally inspirational music ) is a genre of modern popular music which is lyrically focused on matters concerned with the Christian faith . It formed as those affected by the 1960s Jesus movement revival began to express themselves in a more contemporary style of music than the hymns , Gospel and Southern gospel music that was prevalent in the church at the time . Today , the term is typically used to refer to pop , rock , or praise & worship styles . It has representation on several music charts including Billboard 's Christian Albums , Christian Songs , Hot Christian AC ( Adult Contemporary ) , Christian CHR , Soft AC/Inspirational , and Christian Digital Songs as well as the UK 's Official Christian & Gospel Albums Chart . Top-selling CCM artists will also appear on the Billboard 200 . In the iTunes Store , the genre is represented as part of the Christian and gospel genre while the Google Play Music system labels it as Christian/Gospel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Happy_Valley_Wuhan", "text": "Happy Valley Wuhan ( simplified Chinese : 欢乐谷 ; traditional Chinese : 歡樂谷 ; pinyin : Huānlè Gŭ ) is a theme park in Hongshan District , Wuhan , Hubei Province , China . Opened on 29 April 2012 , it is the fifth installation of the Happy Valley theme park chain ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sociedade_Desportiva_Serra_Futebol_Clube", "text": "Sociedade Desportiva Serra Futebol Clube , usually known simply as Serra is a Brazilian football club from Serra , Espírito Santo state . The club won the Campeonato Capixaba six times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Langrick", "text": "Langrick is a small village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is in the civil parish of Langriville , and on the B1192 road , 5 miles ( 8 km ) north-west from Boston . The village lies in the Lincolnshire Fens , and less than 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east from the River Witham ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sweden", "text": "Sweden ( Swedish : Sverige [ ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Kingdom of Sweden ( Swedish : Konungariket Sverige [ ˈkôːnɵŋaˌriːkɛt ˈsvæ̌rjɛ ] ( listen ) ) , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund Strait . At 450,295 square kilometres ( 173,860 sq mi ) , Sweden is the largest country in Northern Europe , the third-largest country in the European Union and the fifth largest country in Europe by area . The capital city is Stockholm . Sweden has a total population of 10.3 million of which 2.5 million have a foreign background . Persons who have foreign backgrounds are defined as persons who are foreign born , or born in Sweden with foreign born parents . It has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 57/sq mi ) and the highest urban concentration is in the central and southern half of the country . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence . In spite of the high latitude , Sweden often has warm continental summers , being located in between the North Atlantic , the Baltic Sea and the vast Eurasian Russian landmass . The general climate and environment varies significantly from the south and north due to the vast latitudal difference and much of Sweden has reliably cold and snowy winters . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested and includes a portion of the Scandinavian Mountains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Karshi_Airport", "text": "Karshi Airport ( IATA : KSQ , ICAO : UTSK ) is an airport in south eastern Uzbekistan , south-west of Karshi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Las_Vegas,_Nevada", "text": "Las Vegas ( Spanish for The Meadows ) , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County . The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert . Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city , known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife . The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial , commercial , and cultural center for Nevada . The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World , and is famous for its mega casino-hotels and associated activities . It is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions and a global leader in the hospitality industry , claiming more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any other city in the world . Today , Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world 's most visited tourist destinations . The city 's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City , and has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature , films , television programs , and music videos . Las Vegas was settled in 1905 and officially incorporated in 1911 . At the close of the 20th century , it was the most populated American city founded within that century ( a similar distinction was earned by Chicago in the 19th century ) . Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2% . Rapid growth has continued into the 21st century , and according to estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had 648,224 residents in 2018 , with a metropolitan population of 2,227,053 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyringham", "text": "Tyringham is a village in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England . It is located about a mile and a half north of Newport Pagnell . The village name is an Old English language word , and means 'Tir 's home ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Telingham . There is a theory that the name Tyringham refers to a settlement of Thuringii Germans coming with the Anglo-Saxons in the Dark Ages ."}
{"title": "/wiki/American_Athletic_Conference", "text": "The American Athletic Conference ( The American or AAC ) , is an American collegiate athletic conference , featuring 12 member universities and six associate member universities that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's ( NCAA ) Division I , with its football teams competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) . Member universities represent a range of private and public universities of various enrollment sizes located primarily in urban metropolitan areas in the Northeastern , Midwestern , and Southern regions of the United States . The American 's legal predecessor , the original Big East Conference , was considered one of the six collegiate power conferences of the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) era in college football , and The American inherited that status in the BCS 's final season . With the advent of the College Football Playoff in 2014 , The American became a Group of Five conference , which shares one automatic spot in the New Year 's Six bowl games . [ note 3 ] The league is the product of substantial turmoil in the old Big East during the 2010-14 conference realignment period . It is one of two conferences to emerge from the all-sports Big East in 2013 . While the other successor , which does not sponsor football , purchased the Big East Conference name , The American inherited the old Big East 's structure and is that conference 's legal successor . However , both conferences claim 1979 as their founding date , and the same history up to 2013 . The American is headquartered in Providence , Rhode Island , and led by Commissioner Michael Aresco ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Zion_Poplars_Baptist_Church", "text": "Zion Poplars Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Gloucester , Gloucester County , Virginia . It was built in 1894 during the Reconstruction Era , and served more than just religious functions . As one of the oldest independent African American congregations in Gloucester County , Virginia , the church also served the economic and educational needs of its community . It was built in the Gothic Revival style with vernacular detailing , attributed to the handiwork of Frank Braxton , a former slave . The church gained its name from the historical origins of the church and congregation , because the first services were held under seven united poplar trees . Four of these trees still stand on church grounds today . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kavita_Goyat", "text": "Kavita Goyat ( born 15 August 1988 ) is a female boxer from India . She competes in 69-75 kg weight category . Kavita won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou , China . She lost 1:3 to Jinzi Li of China in the semi finals of the Asian Games in 2010"}
{"title": "/wiki/Sauber", "text": "Sauber Motorsport AG is a Swiss motorsport engineering company . It was founded in 1970 ( as PP Sauber AG ) by Peter Sauber , who progressed through hillclimbing and the World Sportscar Championship to reach Formula One in 1993 . In 2019 , following a sponsorship deal , Sauber Motorsport AG renamed their Formula One racing team to Alfa Romeo Racing after operating it under their own name from 1993 until 2018 . Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry . Due to issues with the Concorde Agreement , the team remained as BMW Sauber for the 2010 season . In March 2010 , Peter Sauber announced plans to change the team name during the season , but the FIA announced that they would have to wait until the end of the season to change their name . At the beginning of the 2011 season the team dropped BMW from their name . Until mid-2016 Peter Sauber held a controlling 66.6% stake in the team , with the remainder belonging to then CEO Monisha Kaltenborn ; she had been a leading figure in the team since BMW 's withdrawal . The team was sold during the 2016 season to Swiss investment firm Longbow Finance S.A , with Pascal Picci taking over Peter Sauber 's role as chairman of the board and president ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Peep_Tempel", "text": "The Peep Tempel is a punk rock band from Melbourne , Australia . The band 's line-up includes Blake Scott ( vocals , guitar ) , Steven Carter ( drums ) and Stewart Rayner ( bass guitar ) . After releasing two singles The Peep Tempel released their debut LP The Peep Tempel in February 2012 , an EP Modern Professional in June 2013 and their second LP Tales in October 2014 through Melbourne imprint Wing Sing . The third The Peep Tempel LP Joy was released in October 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darron_Stiles", "text": "Darron Gary Stiles ( born June 1 , 1973 ) is an American professional golfer . Stiles was born in St. Petersburg , Florida . He was a three-time All-America at Florida Southern College and was a member of the 1995 NCAA Division II National Championship team . Stiles played on the Nationwide Tour in 1997 , 1999-2002 , 2004 , and 2008 and the PGA Tour in 2003 , 2005-07 , and 2009 . He gained his PGA Tour card for 2007 by finishing tied for 16th at Q-School in 2006 but failed to retain his card , and returned to the Nationwide Tour in 2008 . He finished 7th on the Nationwide Tour money list in 2008 and earned his 2009 PGA Tour card . Stiles is the all-time career money leader through his 2012 win at the News Sentinel Open on the Web.com Tour with $ 1,815,688 . Stiles had successful surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his jaw in 1989 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matir_Moyna", "text": "Matir Moina ( Bengali : মাটির ময়না ; also spelled Matir Moyna and known in English as The Clay Bird ) is a 2002 Bengali drama film directed by Tareque Masud , a Bangladeshi film director . The film 's cast includes Nurul Islam Bablu ( in his film acting debut ) , Jayanta Chattopadhyay , and Rokeya Prachy . It deals with Masud 's own experiences studying at a madrasah against the increasing tensions in East Pakistan culminating in the Bangladesh War of Liberation . Throughout the film , there are references to historical occurrences in agitated times , and the film portrays these episodes through the human experiences of the young protagonist , his family , and his teachers and peers at the madrasah . Matir Moina won a number of awards internationally but was initially banned in Bangladesh on the grounds that it dealt with issues sensitive to the religious . The ban was repealed and the DVD version was released on April 16 , 2005 . Produced by Catherine Masud Matir Moina was awarded the FIPRESCI Prize in section Directors ' Fortnight outside competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival , and became Bangladesh 's first film to compete for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Notukeu_(electoral_district)", "text": "Notukeu was a provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan , Canada , located south of Old Wives Lake . This district was created before the 3rd provincial election in 1912 as Pinto Creek , after the rural municipality and the creek that flows through it . Redrawn and renamed Notukeu for the 1917 provincial election , the constituency was dissolved and combined with the Willow Bunch district ( as Notukeu-Willow Bunch ) before the 9th provincial election in 1938 . It is now part of the Wood River constituency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St_George's_Church,_Altrincham", "text": "St George 's Church is in the town of Altrincham , Greater Manchester , England . The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building . It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Bowdon ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Los_Zafiros_(trio)", "text": "The folk trio Los Zafiros were a band in the late 1960s and early 1970s who played traditional South American style music , although they actually originated in Spain . Their most notable performances were on British television variety shows of the period . They made several appearances on The Morecambe and Wise Show ( 1968-1971 ) and with Benny Hill . Their membership consisted of Alberto Martin ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Jose Paris ( lead vocal , guitar ) , Ricardo Ogando ( vocals , guitar ) and Pepe Pazos ( vocals , requinto guitar ) . In 1970 they released the LP The Romantic World of Los Zafiros released by RCA International ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Canoeing_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_K-4_1000_metres", "text": "The men 's K-4 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22 . The K-4 event is raced in four-person kayaks . Competition consists of three rounds : the heats , the semifinals , and the final . All boats compete in the heats . The top three finishers in each of the two heats advance directly to the final , while the remaining four finishers in each heat move on to the semifinal . The top three finishers in the semifinal join the top heat finishers in the final . Heats took place on August 18 , semifinal on August 20 , and the final on August 22 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiësto", "text": "Tijs Michiel Verwest OON ( Dutch : [ ˈtɛis miˈxil vərˈʋɛst ] ; born 17 January 1969 ) , better known by his stage name Tiësto ( /tiˈɛstoʊ/ tee-ES-toh ; Dutch : [ ˈcɛstoː ] ) , is a Dutch DJ and record producer from Breda . He was named the Greatest DJ of All Time by Mix magazine in a poll voted by the fans . In 2013 , he was voted by DJ Mag readers as the best DJ of the last 20 years . He is also regarded as the Godfather of EDM by many sources . In 1997 , he founded the label Black Hole Recordings with Arny Bink , where he released the Magik and In Search of Sunrise CD series . Tiësto met producer Dennis Waakop Reijers in 1998 ; the two have worked together extensively since then . From 1998 to 2000 , Tiësto collaborated with Ferry Corsten under the name Gouryella . His 2000 remix of Delerium 's Silence featuring Sarah McLachlan exposed him to more mainstream audiences . In 2001 , he released his first solo album , In My Memory , which gave him several major hits that launched his career . He was voted World No . 1 DJ by DJ Magazine in its annual Top 100 DJs readership poll consecutively for three years from 2002 to 2004 . Just after releasing his second studio album Just Be he performed live at the 2004 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Athens , the first DJ to play live on stage at an Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Part_Time_Wife", "text": "Part Time Wife is a 1930 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Leo McCarey and written by Howard J . Green , Leo McCarey and Raymond L. Schrock . The film stars Edmund Lowe , Leila Hyams , Tommy Clifford , Walter McGrail , Louis Payne and Sam Lufkin . The film was released on December 28 , 1930 , by Fox Film Corporation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quincy_Jones", "text": "Quincy Delight Jones Jr. ( born March 14 , 1933 ) is an American record producer , multi-instrumentalist , songwriter , composer , arranger , and film and television producer . His career spans over 60 years in the entertainment industry with a record 80 Grammy Award nominations , 28 Grammys , and a Grammy Legend Award in 1992 . Jones came to prominence in the 1950s as a jazz arranger and conductor , before moving on to work in pop music and film scores . In 1969 Jones and his songwriting partner Bob Russell became the first African-Americans to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song , for The Eyes of Love from the film Banning . Jones was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score for his work on the 1967 film In Cold Blood , making him the first African-American to be nominated twice in the same year . In 1971 he became the first African-American to be the musical director and conductor of the Academy Awards ceremony . In 1995 he was the first African-American to receive the Academy 's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award . He has tied with sound designer Willie D. Burton as the second most Oscar-nominated African-American , with seven nominations each . Jones was the producer , with Michael Jackson , of Jackson 's albums Off the Wall ( 1979 ) , Thriller ( 1982 ) , and Bad ( 1987 ) , as well as the producer and conductor of the 1985 charity song We Are the World , which raised funds for victims of famine in Ethiopia . In 2013 , Jones was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame as the winner , alongside Lou Adler , of the Ahmet Ertegun Award . He was named one of the most influential jazz musicians of the 20th century by Time magazine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Johor_Darul_Takzim_F.C.", "text": "Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club ( Malay : Kelab Bola Sepak Johor Darul Ta'zim ) , or simply JDT , is a football club based in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia . The club was founded in 1972 ( as PKENJ FC ) and currently plays in the top division of Malaysian football , the Malaysia Super League . The club is owned by Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim . In 2014 , JDT gained their first major honour by winning the national league during the first season under Croatian manager Bojan Hodak . Under Argentine Mario Gómez 's tutelage , they won the 2015 AFC Cup as well as the Malaysian Piala Sumbangsih and 2015 Super League . By winning the AFC Cup , JDT became the second Malaysian team since 1967 to enter a final of a major continental competition , and the first ever Malaysian club to win a continental title . JDT is the first team in the country to win six consecutive league titles ( 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 ) . Before this achievement , no team had ever won the league championship more than twice in a row since the league system was first introduced in Malaysia in 1979 . Since 2012 , Johor Darul Ta'zim FC also implied a new nickname Southern Tigers ( Malay : Harimau Selatan ) , replacing the old nickname Jengking ( Scorpion ) . The new nickname is based on the Johor State Council coat of arms . The team 's home ground is a 40,000 capacity Sultan Ibrahim Larkin Stadium . Since 2013 , the club has developed a fierce rivalry with Pahang FA and Felda United ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dead_Zone_(TV_series)", "text": "The Dead Zone , a.k.a . Stephen King 's Dead Zone ( in USA ) is an American/Canadian science fiction drama television series starring Anthony Michael Hall as Johnny Smith , who discovers he has developed psychic abilities after a coma . The show , credited as based on characters from Stephen King 's 1979 novel of the same name , first aired in 2002 , and was produced by Lionsgate Television and CBS Paramount Network Television ( Paramount Network Television ( 2002-2006 ) for the USA Network . The show was originally commissioned for UPN , but the network dropped the show and it was picked up by USA . The series was filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada for its first five seasons . The sixth and last season was billed as The season that changes everything and production was moved to Montreal . The Dead Zone was expected to be renewed for a seventh season but due to then-low ratings and the high production costs , the series was canceled in December 2007 without a proper series finale . Some rumors spread that Syfy would pick up the series after it was canceled by USA , but no plans came to fruition . Rumors of a television film have all but faded with time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louga_Region", "text": "Louga is a city and region of Senegal . The region is located to the northwest part of the country and Louga city is in the northwest of the region - about 50 km inland from the Atlantic coast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Wire", "text": "The Wire is an American crime drama television series created and primarily written by author and former police reporter David Simon . The series was broadcast by the cable network HBO in the United States . The Wire premiered on June 2 , 2002 and ended on March 9 , 2008 , comprising 60 episodes over five seasons . Set and produced in Baltimore , Maryland , The Wire introduces a different institution of the city and its relationship to law enforcement in each season , while retaining characters and advancing storylines from previous seasons . The five subjects are , in chronological order : the illegal drug trade , the seaport system , the city government and bureaucracy , education and schools , and the print news medium . The large cast consists mainly of actors who are little known for their other roles , as well as numerous real-life Baltimore and Maryland figures in guest and recurring roles . Simon has said that despite its framing as a crime drama , the show is really about the American city , and about how we live together . It 's about how institutions have an effect on individuals . Whether one is a cop , a longshoreman , a drug dealer , a politician , a judge or a lawyer , all are ultimately compromised and must contend with whatever institution to which they are committed . The Wire is lauded for its literary themes , its uncommonly accurate exploration of society and politics , and its realistic portrayal of urban life . Although during its original run the series received only average ratings and never won any major television awards , it is now widely regarded to be one of the greatest television shows of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Thief_and_the_Cobbler", "text": "The Thief and the Cobbler is an animated fantasy film directed by Canadian-British animator Richard Williams . Originally conceived in the 1960s , the film was in and out of production for nearly three decades due to independent funding and ambitiously complex animation . It was finally placed into full production in 1989 when Warner Bros. agreed to finance and distribute the film . When production went over budget and fell behind schedule , the film was heavily cut and re-edited by producer Fred Calvert without Williams ' involvement ; it was eventually released in 1993 by Allied Filmmakers under the title The Princess and the Cobbler . Two years later , Miramax Films released another re-edit entitled Arabian Knight . Both versions of the film performed poorly and received mixed reviews . Over the years , various people and companies , including The Walt Disney Company 's Roy E. Disney , have discussed restoring the film to its original version . In 2013 , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences archived Richard Williams ' own 35mm workprint . Williams himself acknowledged the film 's rehabilitated reputation , thanks to projects like the popular fan edit , The Recobbled Cut , and Persistence of Vision , a 2012 documentary of the film 's production . With The Thief and the Cobbler being in and out of production from 1964 until 1995 , a total of 31 years , it surpasses the 20-year Guinness record previously held by Tiefland ( 1954 ) . It was also the final film for several actors and artists , including animators Ken Harris ( died 1982 ) ; Grim Natwick ( died 1990 ) ; and Art Babbit ( died 1992 ) , as well as actors Felix Aylmer ( died 1979 ) ; Kenneth Williams ( died 1988 ) ; Sir Anthony Quayle ( died 1989 ) ; and Vincent Price ( died 1993 , a month after the film 's initial release ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1984_in_athletics_(track_and_field)", "text": "This page contains an overview of the year 1984 in the sport of athletics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Craig_Loston", "text": "Craig Anthony Loston , Jr. ( born December 21 , 1989 ) is a former American football safety . He recently played for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League . He played college football at LSU , and signed with the Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kouami", "text": "Kouami is a Togolese film directed by Metonou Do Kokou . It was released in 1972 . The 30 minute film was shot in 16mm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Britney_Spears", "text": "Britney Jean Spears ( born December 2 , 1981 ) is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress . Born in McComb , Mississippi and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she appeared in stage productions and television series , before signing with Jive Records in 1997 . Spears 's first two studio albums , .Baby One More Time ( 1999 ) and Oops ! . I Did It Again ( 2000 ) , were global successes and made her the best-selling teenage artist of all-time . Referred to as the Princess of Pop , Spears is regarded as a pop icon and is credited with influencing the revival of teen pop during the late 1990s and early 2000s . Spears adopted more mature and provocative themes for her next two studio albums , Britney ( 2001 ) and In the Zone ( 2003 ) , and made her feature film debut in a starring role in Crossroads ( 2002 ) . Following a series of heavily publicized personal struggles and erratic public behavior , Spears 's career was interrupted , before the release of her fifth studio album Blackout ( 2007 ) , which is often critically referred to as her best work . Her erratic behavior and hospitalizations led Spears to be placed on a still ongoing conservatorship . She returned to the top of record charts with her sixth and seventh studio albums , Circus ( 2008 ) and Femme Fatale ( 2011 ) , respectively . In 2012 , Forbes reported that Spears was the highest paid female musician of the year , with earnings of $ 58 million , having last topped the list in 2002 . During the promotion of her eighth and ninth studio albums , Britney Jean ( 2013 ) and Glory ( 2016 ) , Spears embarked on a four-year concert residency , Britney : Piece of Me , at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas , which became one of the highest-grossing residencies of all-time . In 2019 , Spears announced an indefinite career hiatus and was later admitted involuntarily into a mental health facility by her conservator , leading to a court-led investigation into malpractice conducted by Spears 's team ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Action_(physics)", "text": "In physics , action is an attribute of the dynamics of a physical system from which the equations of motion of the system can be derived through the principle of stationary action . Action is a mathematical functional which takes the trajectory , also called path or history , of the system as its argument and has a real number as its result . Generally , the action takes different values for different paths . Action has the dimensions of [ energy ] ⋅ [ time ] or [ momentum ] ⋅ [ length ] , and its SI unit is joule-second ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nanterre", "text": "Nanterre ( /nɒ̃ˈtɛər/ , French : [ nɑ̃tɛʁ ] ( listen ) ) is a commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department , the western suburbs of Paris . It is located some 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) north-west of the centre of Paris . Nanterre serves as both the capital of the Hauts-de-Seine department and seat of the eponymous arrondissement . The eastern part of Nanterre , bordering the communes of Courbevoie and Puteaux , contains a small part of the La Défense business district of Paris and some of the tallest buildings in the Paris region . Because the headquarters of many major corporations are located in La Défense , the court of Nanterre is well known in the media for the number of high-profile lawsuits and trials that take place in it . The city of Nanterre also includes the Paris West University Nanterre La Défense , one of the largest universities in the Paris region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kolpaçino:_Bomba", "text": "Kolpaçino : Bomba is a 2011 Turkish comedy film , starring , co-written and directed by Şafak Sezer . The film , which opened on March 11 , 2011 ( 2011-03-11 ) at number 1 in the Turkish box office , is a sequel to Kolpaçino ( 2009 ) and is one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bob_Campiglio", "text": "Robert Fulton Campiglio ( 1908 in Milton , Pennsylvania - after 1933 ) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Staten Island Stapletons and Boston Redskins . He played college football at West Liberty State College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Burnside_Methodist_Church", "text": "The Burnside Methodist Church is a historic church off U.S. 27 in Burnside , Kentucky . It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 1985 . It is a cruciform-plan Victorian Gothic brick building on a rusticated limestone foundation . The listing includes a church parsonage built in 1902 at cost of $ 900.00 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Human_development_index", "text": "The Human Development Index ( HDI ) is a statistic composite index of life expectancy , education , and per capita income indicators , which are used to rank countries into four tiers of human development . A country scores a higher HDI when the lifespan is higher , the education level is higher , and the gross national income GNI ( PPP ) per capita is higher . It was developed by Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq and Indian Economist Amartya Sen and was further used to measure a country 's development by the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) 's Human Development Report Office . The 2010 Human Development Report introduced an Inequality-adjusted Human Development Index ( IHDI ) . While the simple HDI remains useful , it stated that the IHDI is the actual level of human development ( accounting for inequality ) , and the HDI can be viewed as an index of 'potential ' human development ( or the maximum IHDI that could be achieved if there were no inequality ) . The index does not take into account several factors , such as the net wealth per capita or the relative quality of goods in a country . This situation tends to lower the ranking for some of the most advanced countries , such as the G7 members and others . The index is based on the human development approach , developed by ul Haq , often framed in terms of whether people are able to be and do desirable things in life . Examples include - Being : well fed , sheltered , healthy ; Doing : work , education , voting , participating in community life . The freedom of choice is central - someone choosing to be hungry ( as during a religious fast ) is quite different from someone who is hungry because they can not afford to buy food , or because the country is in a famine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anna_Incerti", "text": "Anna Carmela Incerti ( born 19 January 1980 in Palermo ) is an Italian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon . She has represented Italy in the marathon at European , World and Olympic-level . She won the bronze in the event at the 2010 European Championships , later upgraded to silver and then to gold ."}
{"title": "/wiki/French_Open", "text": "The French Open ( French : Championnats Internationaux de France de Tennis ) , also called Roland-Garros ( French : [ ʁɔlɑ̃ ɡaʁos ] ) , is a major tennis tournament held over two weeks at the Stade Roland-Garros in Paris , France , beginning in late May . The venue is named after the French aviator Roland Garros . It is the premier clay court tennis championship tournament in the world and the second of the four annual Grand Slam tournaments , the other three being the Australian Open , Wimbledon and the US Open . The French Open is currently the only Grand Slam tournament held on clay , and it is the conclusion of the spring clay court season . Before the Australian Open and the US Open were converted into hardcourt , the French Open was the lone non-grass tournament . Between the seven rounds needed for a championship , the slow-playing surface and the best-of-five-set men 's singles matches , the event is widely considered to be the most physically demanding tennis tournament in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/85th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 85th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2012 and took place on February 24 , 2013 , at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . The ceremony was the first in the Academy 's 85-year history to adopt the phrase The Oscars as the ceremony 's official name during the broadcast and marketing . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron and directed by Don Mischer . Actor Seth MacFarlane hosted the show for the first time . In related events , the Academy held its 4th annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on December 1 , 2012 . On February 9 , 2013 , in a ceremony at The Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by hosts Chris Pine and Zoe Saldana . Life of Pi won four awards including Best Director for Ang Lee . Argo won three awards , including Best Picture , the fourth film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture without its director nominated . Other winners included Les Misérables also with three awards , Django Unchained , Lincoln , and Skyfall with two , and Amour , Anna Karenina , Brave , Curfew , Inocente , Paperman , Searching for Sugar Man , Silver Linings Playbook and Zero Dark Thirty with one . The telecast garnered more than 40 million viewers in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hit_Parade_of_1951", "text": "Hit Parade of 1951 is a 1950 American musical film directed by John H. Auer and written by Lawrence Kimble , Elizabeth Reinhardt and Aubrey Wisberg . The film stars John Carroll , Marie McDonald , Estelita Rodriguez , Frank Fontaine , Grant Withers and Mikhail Rasumny . The film was released on October 15 , 1950 , by Republic Pictures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conference_Carolinas", "text": "Conference Carolinas , formerly known as the Carolinas-Virginia Athletic Conference ( CVAC ) or the Carolinas Conference , is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) primarily in Division II , and as one of the five Division I conferences for men 's volleyball . Originally formed in 1930 , the league reached its modern incarnation in 1994 . Member institutions are located in the southeastern United States in the states of Georgia , North Carolina , South Carolina , and Tennessee . Conference Carolinas currently has 11 small college or university private institutions that make-up their membership ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Suddenly_(1996_film)", "text": "Suddenly is a 1996 American made-for-television drama film starring Kirstie Alley and Jason Beghe . Directed by Robert Allan Ackerman and written by David Kinghorn and Marilyn Kinghorn , it was first aired on ABC on December 1 , 1996 . It deals with some of the issues faced by paraplegic wheelchair users ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_amphibians", "text": "This is a list of official U.S. state , federal district , and territories amphibians . State amphibians are designated by tradition or the respective state legislatures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1972", "text": "Miss World 1972 , the 22nd edition of the Miss World pageant , was held at the Royal Albert Hall on 1 December 1972 on BBC . Fifty-three delegates vied for the crown won by Belinda Green of Australia . Green became the second Australian winner of the crown in just four years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tokyo", "text": "Tokyo ( 東京 , Tōkyō , English : /ˈtoʊkioʊ/ , Japanese : [ toːkʲoː ] ( listen ) ) , officially Tokyo Metropolis ( 東京都 , Tōkyō-to ) , is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan . The capital of Japan , it houses the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government . Tokyo forms part of the Kantō region on the southeastern side of Japan 's main island , Honshu , and includes the Izu and Ogasawara Islands . Originally a small fishing village named Edo ( 江戸 ) , the city became a prominent political center of Japan when Shōgun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarters in 1603 . When Emperor Meiji moved the imperial seat to the city from Kyoto in 1868 , Edo was renamed Tokyo , literally the Eastern Capital . The Tokyo Metropolis formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture ( 東京府 , Tōkyō-fu ) and the city of Tokyo ( 東京市 , Tōkyō-shi ) . While commonly referred to as a city , Tokyo is a collective entity of multiple smaller municipalities , including 23 special wards and various bed towns in the western area . Modern Tokyo is categorized as an alpha+ city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . As of 2019 , the population of Tokyo was estimated to be over 13.9 million , making it Japan 's most populous prefecture . The metropolitan area is the world 's most populous with over 40 million people as well as the world 's largest urban agglomeration economy . As of 2011 [ update ] , Tokyo hosted 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies , the highest number of any city in the world at that time . The city ranked sixth on the Global Financial Centres Index of 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clarence_Mackay", "text": "Clarence Hungerford Mackay ( /ˈmæki/ ; April 17 , 1874 - November 12 , 1938 ) was an American financier . He was chairman of the board of the Postal Telegraph and Cable Corporation and president of the Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Interface_Region_Imaging_Spectrograph", "text": "The Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph ( IRIS ) , also called Explorer 94 , is a NASA solar observation satellite . The mission was funded through the Small Explorer program to investigate the physical conditions of the solar limb , particularly the chromosphere of the Sun . The spacecraft consists of a satellite bus and spectrometer built by the Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory ( LMSAL ) , and a telescope provided by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory . IRIS is operated by LMSAL and NASA 's Ames Research Center . The satellite 's instrument is a high-frame-rate ultraviolet imaging spectrometer , providing one image per second at 0.3 arcsecond angular resolution and sub-ångström spectral resolution . NASA announced on 19 June 2009 that IRIS was selected from six Small Explorer mission candidates for further study , along with the Gravity and Extreme Magnetism ( GEMS ) space observatory . The spacecraft arrived at Vandenberg Air Force Base , California , on 16 April 2013 and was successfully launched on 27 June 2013 by a Pegasus-XL rocket ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wichita_State_University", "text": "Wichita State University ( WSU ) is a public research university in Wichita , Kansas , United States , and governed by the Kansas Board of Regents . Wichita State University offers more than 60 undergraduate degree programs in more than 200 areas of study in six colleges . The Graduate School offers 44 master 's degrees in more than 100 areas and a specialist in education degree . It offers doctoral degrees in applied mathematics ; audiology ; chemistry ; communicative disorders and sciences ; nursing practice ; physical therapy ; psychology ( programs in human factors , community and APA-accredited clinical psychology ) ; educational administration ; aerospace , industrial and mechanical engineering ; and electrical engineering and computer science . Wichita State University also hosts classes at four satellite locations . WSU West is located in Maize . This 9-acre ( 3.6 ha ) campus hosts 80-100 university classes each academic semester . WSU South began offering Wichita State University coursework at a new facility in Derby in January 2008 . The WSU Downtown Center houses the university 's Center for Community Support & Research and the Department of Physical Therapy . A quarter-mile northeast of campus , the Advanced Education in General Dentistry building , built in 2011 , houses classrooms and a dental clinic . It is adjacent to the university 's 75,000-square-foot ( 7,000 m2 ) Eugene M. Hughes Metropolitan Complex , where many of WSU noncredit courses are taught ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monroe_Presbyterian_Church", "text": "Monroe Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 20 E. 100 North in Monroe , Utah . It was started in 1844 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . • [ note : the aforementioned date of 1844 would be inaccurate as ( according to Monroe 's Wikipedia entry ) settlers did n't come until after 1860 . With few exceptions , permanent settlements in Utah began in 1847 when the Mormon Pioneers arrived - therefore this church would not be circa 1844 ] ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Greater_Sudbury", "text": "Sudbury , officially Greater Sudbury ( French : Grand-Sudbury ) , is a city in Ontario , Canada . It is the largest city in Northern Ontario by population , with a population of 161,531 at the 2016 Canadian Census . By land area , it is the largest in Ontario and the fifth largest in Canada . It is administratively a Unitary authority , and thus not part of any district , county , or regional municipality . The Sudbury region was inhabited by the Ojibwe people of the Algonquin group for thousands of years prior to the founding of Sudbury following the discovery of nickel ore in 1883 during the construction of the transcontinental railway . Greater Sudbury was formed in 2001 by merging the cities and towns of the former Regional Municipality of Sudbury with several previously unincorporated townships . Being located inland , the local climate is extremely seasonal with average January lows of around −18 °C ( 0 °F ) and average July highs of 25 °C ( 77 °F ) . The population resides in an urban core and many smaller communities scattered around 330 lakes and among hills of rock blackened by historical smelting activity . Sudbury was once a major lumber centre and a world leader in nickel mining . Mining and related industries dominated the economy for much of the 20th century . The two major mining companies which shaped the history of Sudbury were Inco , now Vale Limited , which employed more than 25% of the population by the 1970s , and Falconbridge , now Glencore . Sudbury has since expanded from its resource-based economy to emerge as the major retail , economic , health and educational centre for Northeastern Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/London-Stansted", "text": "London Stansted Airport ( IATA : STN , ICAO : EGSS ) is an international airport located at Stansted Mountfitchet in the district of Uttlesford in Essex , 42 mi ( 68 km ) northeast of Central London . London Stansted serves 200 destinations across Europe , the Middle East and Africa . Stansted is a base for a number of major European low-cost carriers , being the largest base for low-cost airline Ryanair , with over 130 destinations served by the airline . In 2015 it was the fourth busiest airport in the United Kingdom after Heathrow , Gatwick and Manchester . Stansted 's runway is also used by private companies such as the Harrods Aviation , Titan Airways and XJet terminals which are private ground handlers who are able to handle private flights , charter flights and state visits . Originally owned and operated by BAA , since February 2013 the airport has been owned Manchester Airports Group ( MAG ) following a March 2009 ruling by the Competition Commission ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elena_Berezhnaya", "text": "Elena Viktorovna Berezhnaya ( Russian : Елена Викторовна Бережная , born 11 October 1977 ) is a Russian former pair skater . With partner Anton Sikharulidze , she is the 1998 and 1999 World champion , 1998 Olympic silver medalist and 2002 Olympic champion . Berezhnaya first competed with Oleg Shliakhov for Latvia and won gold at the 1995 Trophée de France . While training together in January 1996 , she suffered a serious injury , leaving her partly paralyzed and unable to speak . She recovered rapidly and began competing again in November 1996 with new partner , Anton Sikharulidze . Within two years of the accident , Berezhnaya and Sikharulidze had established themselves as one of the best pair teams in the world . During their competitive career , they were coached by Tamara Moskvina at the Yubileyny Sports Palace in Saint Petersburg , Russia , and the Ice House in Hackensack , New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tamedia", "text": "TX Group AG ( formerly Tamedia AG ) is a media company headquartered in Zurich , Switzerland . Through a portfolio of daily and weekly newspapers , magazines and digital platforms , as well as own printing facilities , it is the largest media group in the country . Since 2000 , Tamedia has been listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange . On January 1 , 2020 , Tamedia was renamed to TX Group AG ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBC_Music", "text": "CBC Music ( formerly known as CBC FM , CBC Stereo and CBC Radio 2 ) is a Canadian FM radio network operated by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . It used to concentrate on classical music and jazz . In 2007 and 2008 , the network transitioned towards a new adult music format with a variety of genres , with the classical genre generally restricted to midday hours . In 2009 , Radio 2 averaged 2.1 million listeners weekly , and it was the second largest radio network in Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Berlin", "text": "Berlin ( /bɜːrˈlɪn/ ; German : [ bɛʁˈliːn ] ( listen ) ) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population . Its 3,748,148 ( 2018 ) inhabitants make it the most populous city proper of the European Union . The city is one of Germany 's 16 federal states . It is surrounded by the state of Brandenburg , and contiguous with Potsdam , Brandenburg 's capital . The two cities are at the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region , which is , with about six million inhabitants and an area of more than 30,000 km² , Germany 's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions . Berlin straddles the banks of the River Spree , which flows into the River Havel ( a tributary of the River Elbe ) in the western borough of Spandau . Among the city 's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree , Havel , and Dahme rivers ( the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee ) . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . About one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes . The city lies in the Central German dialect area , the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects . First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg ( 1417-1701 ) , the Kingdom of Prussia ( 1701-1918 ) , the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) , the Weimar Republic ( 1919-1933 ) , and the Third Reich ( 1933-1945 ) . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Access_Hollywood", "text": "Access Hollywood , formerly known as Access from 2017 to 2019 , is an American weekday television entertainment news program that premiered on September 9 , 1996 . It covers events and celebrities in the entertainment industry . It was created by former Entertainment Tonight executive producer Jim Van Messel , and is currently executive produced by Maureen FitzPatrick and directed by Richard Plotkin . In previous years , Doug Dougherty , Christopher A. Berry and Kim Anastasia directed the program . Access Hollywood primarily focuses on news in the music , television , and film industries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-80", "text": "STS-80 was a Space Shuttle mission flown by Space Shuttle Columbia . The launch was originally scheduled for 31 October 1996 , but was delayed to 19 November for several reasons . Likewise , the landing , which was originally scheduled for 5 December , was pushed back to 7 December after bad weather prevented landing for two days . The mission was the longest Shuttle mission ever flown at 17 days , 15 hours , and 53 minutes . Although two spacewalks were planned for the mission , they were both canceled after problems with the airlock hatch prevented astronauts Tom Jones and Tammy Jernigan from exiting the orbiter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eric_Bazilian", "text": "Eric M. Bazilian ( born July 21 , 1953 ) , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , arranger and producer , best known for being a founding member of the rock band The Hooters and for writing One of Us , made famous by Joan Osborne in 1995 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Donald_Stephens", "text": "Donald E. Stephens ( March 13 , 1928 - April 18 , 2007 ) was the first mayor of Rosemont , Illinois , USA , and a leading Illinois Republican politician . Stephens , born in Chicago , is believed to have been the longest-serving mayor in the United States at the time of his death . He was in the middle of serving his thirteenth consecutive four-year term as mayor of the suburban Cook County village ; he almost exceeded the Illinois record for longest-serving mayor , set by Frank Caliper of Colp . He had served as mayor since its incorporation in 1956 . Prior to that , he had been the president of the homeowner 's association of the neighborhood that later became known as Rosemont . During his tenure , Rosemont grew from a tiny community of only 85 to one of Illinois ' most politically important communities , with over 4,000 residents as well as the nation 's tenth-largest convention center . Stephens also oversaw the construction of the 18,500 seat Allstate Arena ( formerly the Rosemont Horizon ) and the Rosemont Theatre . Stephens ' political career was dogged by accusations of association with organized crime , which led to the only major political defeat in his career : the revocation of a state-issued casino license for Rosemont . In 1983 , Stephens was indicted , in separate prosecutions , for tax fraud and bribery , but was acquitted on both charges . Stephens was also an avid collector of Hummel figurines and established a museum holding his collection in Rosemont . The Donald E. Stephens Museum of Hummels claims to be the largest public display of Hummel figurines in the world . Stephens died in Rosemont on April 18 , 2007 , of complications of stomach cancer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics_-_Men's_3000_metre_steeplechase", "text": "The Men 's 3000 metres Steeplechase at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics programme were held at Stadium Australia on Wednesday 27 September and Friday 29 September 2000 . The top four runners in each of the initial three heats automatically qualified for the final . The next three fastest runners from across the heats also qualified . Over the previous couple of months , the two Moroccan runners Ali Ezzine and Brahim Boulami had proven they could run with the Kenyans in sub-8:04 races . That still was not in the range of the capability of World Record holder Bernard Barmasai or previous record holder Wilson Boit Kipketer . But the Kenyans did not assert the same dominance they had displayed in the previous three Olympics . Less than 100 metres into the race , Damian Kallabis fell over the first barrier . A loud sound went off in the stadium as if the race had been recalled , but none of the runners stopped and Kallabis rushed to catch up with the back of the pack . The third Kenyan was Reuben Kosgei , who had won the Athletics Kenya World Championship Trials , not world # 2 Moses Kiptanui . The Kenyan trio , took their position at the point of the pack , but Ezzine made it clear he was going to run with them , taking the lead a lap and a half into the race . The Kenyans immediately stopped fighting to keep the lead , Luis Miguel Martin , Ezzine and Simon Vroemen took their turns at the front . After another lap and a half , Kosgei and Kipketer had had enough and moved back into the lead , taking Günther Weidlinger in their move to the front , with Barmasai , Boulami and Eliseo Martin at the back of the group of leaders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Cellucci", "text": "Argeo Paul Cellucci ( April 24 , 1948 - June 8 , 2013 ) was an American politician and diplomat from Massachusetts . A Republican , he served in the House of Representatives and Senate of Massachusetts , was state 's lieutenant governor , a position he held from 1991 to 1997 under Governor Bill Weld . When Weld resigned in 1997 after being nominated for United States Ambassador to Mexico , Cellucci became acting governor . He then was elected governor in 1998 , and served until 2001 when he resigned to become United States Ambassador to Canada , a post he held until 2005 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tulsa,_Oklahoma", "text": "Tulsa /ˈtʌlsə/ is the second-largest city in the state of Oklahoma and 45th-most populous city in the United States . As of July 2018 [ update ] , the population was 403,035 , an increase of 11,129 since the 2010 Census . It is the principal municipality of the Tulsa Metropolitan Area , a region with 991,005 residents in the MSA and 1,251,172 in the CSA . The city serves as the county seat of Tulsa County , the most densely populated county in Oklahoma , with urban development extending into Osage , Rogers , and Wagoner counties . Tulsa was settled between 1828 and 1836 by the Lochapoka Band of Creek Native American tribe . For most of the 20th century , the city held the nickname Oil Capital of the World and played a major role as one of the most important hubs for the American oil industry . Historically , a robust energy sector fueled Tulsa 's economy ; however , today the city has diversified and leading sectors include finance , aviation , telecommunications and technology . Two institutions of higher education within the city have sports teams at the NCAA Division I level , Oral Roberts University and the University of Tulsa . It is situated on the Arkansas River between the Osage Hills and the foothills of the Ozark Mountains in northeast Oklahoma , a region of the state known as Green Country . Considered the cultural and arts center of Oklahoma , Tulsa houses two art museums , full-time professional opera and ballet companies , and one of the nation 's largest concentrations of art deco architecture . The city has been called one of America 's most livable large cities by Partners for Livable Communities , Forbes , and Relocate America . FDi Magazine in 2009 ranked the city no ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017–18_NFL_playoffs", "text": "The 2017-18 NFL playoffs began on January 6 , 2018 , after the 2017 season , and concluded with Super Bowl LII on Sunday , February 4 , 2018 , when the Philadelphia Eagles defeated the New England Patriots at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Several teams broke long playoff droughts , as the Buffalo Bills , Los Angeles Rams , Jacksonville Jaguars , and Tennessee Titans each qualified for the playoffs for the first time since 1999 , 2004 , 2007 , and 2008 , respectively . The playoffs were also notable for the Patriots reaching a seventh consecutive AFC Championship Game , extending their own NFL record , and the Eagles snapping a 57-year championship drought and claiming their first in the Super Bowl era . For the first time since 2013-14 , no games went to overtime ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Perak", "text": "Perak ( Malay pronunciation : [ peraʔ ] ) is a state of Malaysia on the west coast of the Malay Peninsula . Perak has land borders with the Malaysian states of Kedah to the north , Penang to the northwest , Kelantan and Pahang to the east , and Selangor to the south . Thailand 's Yala and Narathiwat provinces both lie to the northeast . Perak 's capital city , Ipoh , was known historically for its tin-mining activities until the price of the metal dropped , severely affecting the state 's economy . The royal capital remains Kuala Kangsar , where the palace of the Sultan of Perak is located . As of 2018 , the state 's population was 2,500,000 . Perak has diverse tropical rainforests and an equatorial climate . The state 's mountain ranges belong to the Titiwangsa Range , which is part of the larger Tenasserim Range connecting Thailand , Myanmar and Malaysia . Perak 's Mount Korbu is the highest point of the range . The discovery of an ancient skeleton in Perak supplied missing information on the migration of Homo sapiens from mainland Asia through Southeast Asia to the Australian continent . Known as Perak Man , the skeleton is dated at around 10,000 years old . An early Hindu or Buddhist kingdom , followed by several other minor kingdoms , existed before the arrival of Islam ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-79", "text": "STS-79 was the 17th flight of Space Shuttle Atlantis , and the 79th mission of the Space Shuttle program . The flight saw Atlantis dock with the Russian space station Mir to deliver equipment , supplies and relief personnel . A variety of scientific experiments were also conducted aboard Atlantis by her crew . It was the first shuttle mission to rendezvous with a fully assembled Mir , and the fourth rendezvous of a shuttle to the space station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_1993", "text": "Miss Teen USA 1993 , the 11th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from the Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum in Biloxi , Mississippi on 10 August 1993 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Charlotte Lopez of Vermont was crowned by outgoing titleholder Jamie Solinger of Iowa . The pageant was hosted by Dick Clark for the fourth and final year , with color commentary by Arthel Neville and Miss Teen USA 1985 Kelly Hu for the final time . Music was provided by the Gulf Coast Teen Orchestra . This was the fourth of five years that the pageant was held in Biloxi . Contestants arrived on 26 June and were involved in two weeks of events and preliminary competition prior to the final broadcast , such as pre-taping scenes along the Mississippi coast , and being involved in an autograph signing party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vallhall_Arena", "text": "Vallhall Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena , located in Valle-Hovin , Oslo , Norway . The stadium has a capacity of 5,500 people , during matches . The Tippeligaen club Vålerenga uses the arena for training and friendly matches in the winter off-season . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The arena also serves as an event arena . The arena is also a well-known concert hall , with a capacity of 12,500 people . It 's not far away from Valle Hovin , an outdoor concert arena . On 22 April 2001 , Irish vocal pop band Westlife held a concert for their Where Dreams Come True Tour supporting their album Coast to Coast ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maine's_4th_congressional_district", "text": "Maine 's 4th congressional district was a congressional district in Maine . It was created in 1821 after Maine achieved statehood in 1820 due to the result of the ratification of the Missouri Compromise . It was eliminated in 1933 after the 1930 U.S. Census . Its last congressman was Donald F. Snow ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marianne_Vos", "text": "Marianne Vos ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ; born 13 May 1987 ) is a Dutch cyclo-cross , road bicycle racer , mountain bike racer and track racer , who currently rides for UCI Women 's WorldTeam CCC Liv . Vos has drawn comparison to Eddy Merckx as being the finest cyclist of [ her ] generation . After winning a junior European and world championship in road racing , she continued her success in senior cycling by becoming world champion in cyclo-cross and road racing at the age of 19 . Vos added track racing world championships when she won the points race in 2008 and the scratch race in 2011 . At the 2008 Summer Olympics , she won the gold medal in the points race ; at the 2012 Summer Olympics , gold in the women 's road race . She is a 3 times World Road Race Champion - in 2006 , 2012 and 2013 - and 7 times World Cyclocross Champion - in 2006 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 and 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Darby_Dan_Farm", "text": "Darby Dan Farm is a produce , livestock , and thoroughbred horse breeding and training farm founded in 1935 near the Darby Creek in Galloway , Ohio by businessman John W. Galbreath . Named for the creek and for Galbreath 's son , Daniel M. Galbreath ( 1928-1995 ) , it was expanded from an original 85-acre ( 340,000 m2 ) farm into a 4,000 acre ( 16 km² ) estate . Established in 1954 on the original area , Darby House today serves as a banquet and retreat facility . Still in the hands of the Galbreath family , it has 250 acres ( 1 km² ) of woodlands , a 110-acre ( 0.4 km2 ) animal preserve , and approximately 3000 acres ( 12 km² ) used for the commercial growing of food crops . The horse farm has 750 acres ( 3 km² ) of blue grass pasture and many barns and breeding facilities . Also , 39 houses were built on the property ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tai_Po_District", "text": "Tai Po District ( Chinese : 大埔區 ; Cantonese Yale : Daaihbou Kēui ) is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong . It covers the areas of Tai Po New Town ( including area such as Tai Po Market , Tai Po Old Market , Tai Po Tau , Tai Po Kau , Hong Lok Yuen , Ting Kok and Plover Cove ) , Lam Tsuen Valley and other surrounding area , and its exclave in the northern part of the Sai Kung Peninsula . The Tai Po proper and North Sai Kung , was divided by the Tolo Channel and Tolo Harbour ( Tai Po Hoi ) . The District is located in the Eastern New Territories . The de facto administrative centre of the district is Tai Po New Town Like Yuen Long , the area of Tai Po used to be a traditional market town . Tai Po New Town , developed around the area of Tai Po and on reclaimed land on the estuaries of Lam Tsuen and Tai Po rivers . It had a population of 310,879 in 2001 . The district has the third lowest population density in Hong Kong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cue_sports_at_the_2010_Asian_Games", "text": "Cue sports at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Asian Games Town Gymnasium , Guangzhou , China from November 13 to 20 , 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rotsandnollen", "text": "The Rotsandnollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located between Melchsee-Frutt and Engelberg in Central Switzerland . The summit is located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bucay,_Ecuador", "text": "Bucay ( also known as General Antonio Elizalde ) is a town located on the eastern edge of Guayas , Ecuador , near the Chimborazo province . It is the seat of General Antonio Elizalde Canton ( Bucay Canton ) . As of the census of 2001 , there are 8,690 people residing within canton limits . This canton is one of the newest in Guayas , as it was created in 1995 . Coordinates : 2°12′17″S 79°10′40″W / 2.204789°S 79.17778°W / -2.204789 ; -79.17778"}
{"title": "/wiki/Moulsoe", "text": "Moulsoe is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes , ( ceremonial ) Buckinghamshire , England . It is on the border with Bedfordshire , just across the M1 from Milton Keynes itself , and about two and a half miles ESE of Newport Pagnell . The main road through the village is the Newport Road coming from the west , changing to the Cranfield Road going east at a bend by the church . The village name is an Old English language word which means 'Mul 's hill spur ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Moleshou . At the 2011 Census , the population of the parish was 318 , down slightly from 330 at the 2001 census . As of 2019 [ update ] , the parish is mainly rural but a large area just west of the village has been identified for future expansion of Milton Keynes . There are several old thatched dwellings . Other buildings are of brick apart from some concrete council houses to the west and the church which is of stone , and dates from the 12th century . There is an inn , the Carrington Arms , and a village hall , the Millennium Hall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tam_Iran_Khodro_Tehran_FSC", "text": "Tam Iran Khodro Tehran Futsal Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتسال تام ایران خودرو ) was an Iranian futsal club based in Tehran ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Black_Roses_(The_Rasmus_album)", "text": "Black Roses is the seventh studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus , which was released on 29 September 2008 in the UK . In Germany the album was released on 26 September and in the Nordic countries two days before . The album immediately replaced Metallica 's Death Magnetic on the top spot of the Finnish Album Charts and went gold after one week . As of 2009 [ update ] , an estimated of 350,000 copies of the album have been sold worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Talk_radio", "text": "Talk radio is a radio format containing discussion about topical issues and consisting entirely or almost entirely of original spoken word content rather than outside music . Most shows are regularly hosted by a single individual , and often feature interviews with a number of different guests . Talk radio typically includes an element of listener participation , usually by broadcasting live conversations between the host and listeners who call in ( usually via telephone ) to the show . Listener contributions are usually screened by a show 's producers in order to maximize audience interest and , in the case of commercial talk radio , to attract advertisers . Generally , the shows are organized into segments , each separated by a pause for advertisements ; however , in public or non-commercial radio , music is sometimes played in place of commercials to separate the program segments . Variations of talk radio include conservative talk , hot talk , liberal talk ( increasingly known as progressive talk ) and sports talk . While talk radio has historically been associated with broadcast radio , starting around 2005 the technology for Internet-based talk-radio shows became cost effective in the form of live Internet website streaming and podcasts . Now , it is possible for an individual to use a variety of services to host an Internet-based talk-radio show without carriage by a traditional radio station . In addition , TV programming from talk and news outlets such as BBC , CNN , Bloomberg and Fox is now often available expanding the world of talk radio further . Talk radio listening is enjoyed not only on radios , but a wide variety of other devices and services including PCs using iTunes , station directories such as TuneIn , show directory smartphones with apps such as Stitcher and time-shifting services like DAR.fm ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trollhättan", "text": "Trollhättan ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈtrɔ̂lːˌhɛtːan ] ( listen ) ) is a city and the seat of Trollhättan Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden , with 46,457 inhabitants in 2010 . It is located 75 km north of Sweden 's second-largest city , Gothenburg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kedah_FA", "text": "Kedah Football Association ( Malay : Persatuan Bola Sepak Kedah ) is a football association that supervises football in the state of Kedah , Malaysia . They are the only team in the history of Malaysian football to have achieved treble titles twice , in 2006-07 and 2007-08 seasons . Kedah FA is a professional football team from Malaysia that is based in Alor Setar . It represents the state of Kedah , under the supervision of Kedah Football Association . Kedah FA currently plays in the Malaysia Super League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leixlip", "text": "Leixlip ( /ˈliːkslɪp/ or /ˈliːslɪp/ ; Irish : Léim an Bhradáin ) is a town in north-east County Kildare , Ireland , near Dublin . Its location on the confluence of the River Liffey and the Rye Water has marked it as a frontier town historically : on the border between the ancient kingdoms of Leinster and Brega , as an outpost of The Pale , and on Kildare 's border with County Dublin . As of 2016 , the population of the town was 15,504 . It is the fourth largest town in Kildare , and the 29th largest in Ireland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Amrita_TV", "text": "Amrita TV ( അമൃത ടി.വി . ) , was launched in 2005 , as a 24-hour Malayalam , general entertainment satellite channel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Vicar_of_Dibley", "text": "The Vicar of Dibley is a British sitcom which originally ran on BBC One from 10 November 1994 to 22 January 1998 ( with three sets of specials in the Winters of 1999/2000 , 2004/2005 and 2006/2007 ) . It is set in a fictional small Oxfordshire village called Dibley , which is assigned a female vicar following the 1992 changes in the Church of England that permitted the ordination of women . In ratings terms , it is among the most successful British programmes in the digital era , with the various Christmas and New Year specials in 1999 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 and 2007 all entering the UK top 10 programmes of the year . The Vicar of Dibley received multiple British Comedy Awards ( including a Best TV Comedy Actress Award for Emma Chambers ) , two International Emmys , and was a multiple British Academy Television Awards nominee . In 2004 , it placed third in a BBC poll of Britain 's Best Sitcom . The series also includes six charity special shorts , for Comic Relief , the most recent in 2015 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hydroelectric", "text": "Hydroelectricity is electricity produced from hydropower . In 2015 , hydropower generated 16.6% of the world 's total electricity and 70% of all renewable electricity , and was expected to increase by about 3.1% each year for the next 25 years . Hydropower is produced in 150 countries , with the Asia-Pacific region generating 33 percent of global hydropower in 2013 . China is the largest hydroelectricity producer , with 920 TWh of production in 2013 , representing 16.9% of domestic electricity use . The cost of hydroelectricity is relatively low , making it a competitive source of renewable electricity . The hydro station consumes no water , unlike coal or gas plants . The typical cost of electricity from a hydro station larger than 10 megawatts is 3 to 5 U.S. cents per kilowatt hour . With a dam and reservoir it is also a flexible source of electricity , since the amount produced by the station can be varied up or down very rapidly ( as little as a few seconds ) to adapt to changing energy demands . Once a hydroelectric complex is constructed , the project produces no direct waste , and it generally has a considerably lower output level of greenhouse gases than photovoltaic power plants and certainly fossil fuel powered energy plants ( see also Life-cycle_greenhouse-gas_emissions_of_energy_sources ) . However , when constructed in lowland rainforest areas , where inundation of a part of the forest is necessary , they actually emit up to 3 to 4 times more greenhouse gases [ clarification needed ] ( see also Environmental_impact_of_reservoirs # Greenhouse_gases ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IK_Oskarshamn", "text": "IK Oskarshamn is an ice hockey club from Oskarshamn in Sweden . The team plays in the top-tier league , SHL , after succeeding through the 2019 SHL qualifiers and thus earning promotion to the SHL . The 2019-20 season will be the team 's first season in the top-tier league . Head coach is Håkan Åhlund ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_Los_Angeles_Chargers_seasons", "text": "The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football franchise based in the Greater Los Angeles Area . The Chargers compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) West division . The club was founded in 1959 by Barron Hilton and played the 1960 season in Los Angeles as part of the American Football League ( AFL ) . In the next season , the Chargers moved to San Diego . In 2017 , the Chargers relocated back to the Los Angeles area . The franchise has experienced three major periods of success . The first was from 1960 to 1965 , when the Chargers were AFL West champions five times and AFL champions once . The second was from 1978 to 1982 , when the Chargers had winning seasons ( seasons with more wins than losses ) in each of these years , and won three consecutive division championships for the second time in franchise history . The most recent accomplishments range from 2004 to 2009 , with the franchise reaching the playoffs five times in six years . Their only Super Bowl appearance was in 1994 . The Chargers have experienced three notable periods of decline . Between 1970 and 1977 , the Chargers never won more games than they lost as part of a 13-year period without playing in the postseason , including four consecutive years last in their division from 1972 to 1975 , in which year they bottomed out before two late wins avoided the NFL 's first 0-14 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Jackson", "text": "Michael Joseph Jackson ( August 29 , 1958 - June 25 , 2009 ) was an American singer , songwriter , and dancer . Dubbed the King of Pop , he is regarded as one of the most significant cultural figures of the 20th century and one of the greatest entertainers in the history of music . Jackson 's contributions to music , dance , and fashion , along with his publicized personal life , made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades . His sound and style have influenced artists of various genres . The eighth child of the Jackson family , Jackson made his professional debut in 1964 with his elder brothers Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5 . Jackson began his solo career in 1971 while at Motown Records , and rose to solo stardom with his fifth studio album Off the Wall ( 1979 ) . By the early 1980s , Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music . His music videos , including those for Beat It , Billie Jean , and Thriller from his sixth studio album Thriller ( 1982 ) , are credited with breaking racial barriers and transforming the medium into an art form and promotional tool . Their popularity helped propel the television channel MTV into a significant factor of 1980s pop culture . The album won a record-breaking eight Grammy Awards at the 26th Grammy Awards , including Album of the Year . Jackson continued to innovate with videos including Leave Me Alone and Smooth Criminal from Bad ( 1987 ) , Black or White and Remember the Time from Dangerous ( 1991 ) , Scream from HIStory : Past , Present and Future , Book I ( 1995 ) and Ghosts from the remix album Blood on the Dance Floor : HIStory in the Mix ( 1997 ) . Jackson forged a reputation as a global touring artist ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philipp_Peter", "text": "Philipp Peter ( born 6 April 1969 in Vienna ) is a race car driver from Austria . He started in junior formula cars with the highlight winning the Austria Formula 3 Cup in 1992 . He represented Austria in the 1990 EFDA Nations Cup and also raced in Indy Lights finishing third in the Championship in 1999 . In 2003 he won the 12 Hours of Sebring in a Team Joest Audi R8 with teammates Marco Werner and Frank Biela . He previously competed in Indy Lights in 1998 and 1999 , capturing victories in 1999 at Long Beach , Portland and Michigan and finishing 11th and 3rd in series points in his two years , respectively . In 2006 Peter raced in the FIA GT Championship for RaceAlliance Motorsport in an Aston Martin DBR9 with Karl Wendlinger , scoring one win in Mugello . For 2007 he remained in the FIA GT Championship , but this time for PSI Experience driving a Chevrolet Corvette C6.R with Luke Hines and scoring a second place in Zhuhai . He also ran for JMB Racing in a Maserati MC12 with Joe Macari , Ben Aucott , and Marino Franchitti in the Spa 24 Hours , finishing seventh . He later switched to the GT2 class at Nogaro , running an Advanced Engineering Ferrari F430 with Rui Águas and finishing seventh in class . For the last race of the 2007 season , Peter teamed once again with Luke Hines in an Aston Martin DBR9 for Gigaware Motorsport , but was unable to finish the event . Peter finished 26th in the GT1 Drivers Championship standings and 39th in the GT2 Drivers Championship Standings . Peter also competed in the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans with PSI Experience driving a Chevrolet Corvette C6.R with Claude-Yves Gosselin and David Hallyday , finishing 28th overall ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guayaquil", "text": "Guayaquil ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ɡwaʝaˈkil ] ( listen ) ; Aymara & Quechua : Wayakil ) officially Santiago de Guayaquil , is the second largest city in Ecuador . It is also the nation 's main port . The city is the capital of Guayas Province and the seat of Guayaquil canton . The city is located on the west bank of the Guayas River , which flows into the Pacific Ocean at the Gulf of Guayaquil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naturhistorisches_Museum_Wien", "text": "The Natural History Museum Vienna ( German : Naturhistorisches Museum Wien ) is a large natural history museum located in Vienna , Austria . and one of the most important natural history museums worldwide . The NHM Vienna is one of the largest museums and non-university research institutions in Austria and an important center of excellence for all matters relating to natural sciences . The museum 's 39 exhibition rooms cover 8,460 square meters and present more than 100,000 objects . It is home to 30 million objects available to more than 60 scientists and numerous guest researchers who carry out basic research in a wide range of topics related to human sciences , earth sciences , and life sciences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_H._Land", "text": "John Horting Land ( November 5 , 1920 - November 22 , 2014 ) was Mayor of Apopka , Florida for a total of 61 years , from 1950 to 1968 and again from 1971 to 2014 . He was the longest-serving mayor in the history of Florida and one of the longest-serving mayors in the United States . After having served continuously since 1971 , Land was defeated in a bid for re-election by Joe Kilsheimer on April 8 , 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KAC_Kenitra", "text": "Kenitra Athletic Club ( KAC ) ( Arabic : النادي القنيطري ) is a Moroccan football and basketball club based in the city of Kenitra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mogi_Mirim_Esporte_Clube", "text": "Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube , commonly called Mogi Mirim , is a Brazilian football team from Mogi Mirim in São Paulo , founded 1 February 1932 . The team 's home ground is the Papa João Paulo II ( Pope John Paul II ) stadium , which has a capacity of 19,900 . Mogi Mirim plays in red shirts , shorts and socks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Auckland_West", "text": "The former New Zealand parliamentary electorate on the western inner city of Auckland , was known as City of Auckland West from 1861 to 1890 , and then Auckland West from 1905 to 1946 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blue_Man_Group", "text": "Blue Man Group is an American performance art company formed in 1987 , known worldwide for its stage productions which incorporate many kinds of music and art , both popular and obscure , in its performances . Blue Man Group has continuing shows in Berlin , Boston , Chicago , Las Vegas , New York City , and Orlando . A typical Blue Man production employs 7-9 full-time Blue Men who are selected by audition . In addition to the stage show , Blue Man Group has toured nationally and internationally , appeared on various TV programs as both characters and performers , released multiple studio albums , contributed to a number of film scores , performed with orchestras around the United States , and appeared in ad campaigns ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halmstad", "text": "Halmstad ( Swedish : [ ˈhâlmsta ( d ) ] ( listen ) ) is a port , university , industrial and recreational city at the mouth of the Nissan river , in the province of Halland on the Swedish west coast . Halmstad is the seat of Halmstad Municipality and the capital of Halland County . The city had a population of 92,797 in 2012 , out of a municipal total of over 90,000 ( 18th most populous - 2012 ) . Halmstad is Sweden 's 20th-largest city by population and located about midway between Gothenburg ( the second most populous ) and Malmö ( the third ) . Timber framing architecture is common ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales", "text": "Charles , Prince of Wales ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 ) , is the heir apparent to the British throne as the eldest son of Elizabeth II . He has been Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay since 1952 , and he is the oldest and longest-serving heir apparent in British history . He is also the longest-serving Prince of Wales , having held that title since 1958 . Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child . Charles also spent a year at the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 . In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer , and they had two sons : Prince William ( b . 1982 ) and Prince Harry ( b . 1984 ) . In 1996 , the couple divorced following well-publicised extramarital affairs by both parties . Diana died as the result of a car crash in Paris the following year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Match_Game", "text": "Match Game is an American television panel game show that premiered on NBC in 1962 and was revived several times over the course of the next few decades . The game featured contestants trying to come up with answers to fill-in-the-blank questions that are often formed as humorous double entendres ( beginning in the CBS run ) , the object being to match answers given by celebrity panelists . The Match Game in its original version ran on NBC 's daytime lineup from 1962 until 1969 . The show returned with a significantly changed format in 1973 on CBS ( also in daytime ) and became a major success , with an expanded panel , larger cash payouts , and emphasis on humor . The CBS series , referred to on air as Match Game 73 to start and updated every new year , ran until 1979 on CBS , at which point it moved to first-run syndication ( without the year attached to the title , as Match Game ) and ran for three more seasons , ending in 1982 . Concurrently with the weekday run , from 1975 to 1981 , a once-a-week fringe time version , Match Game PM , was also offered in syndication for airing just before prime time hours . Match Game returned to NBC in 1983 as part of a 60-minute hybrid series with Hollywood Squares , then saw a daytime run on ABC in 1990 and another for syndication in 1998 ; each of these series lasted one season . It returned to ABC in a weekly prime time edition on June 26 , 2016 , running as an off-season replacement series . All of these revivals used the 1970s format as their basis , with varying modifications . On November 20 , 2019 , the series was renewed for a fifth season which will debut in June 2020 . The series was a production of Mark Goodson/Bill Todman Productions , along with its successor companies , and has been franchised around the world , some under the name Blankety Blanks . In 2013 , TV Guide ranked the 1973-79 CBS version of Match Game as No ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Volkspark_Friedrichshain", "text": "Volkspark Friedrichshain is a large urban park on the border of the Berlin neighborhoods of Friedrichshain and Prenzlauer Berg . The oldest public park in Berlin , at 52 hectares , it is also the fourth-largest , after Tempelhofer Park ( > 300 hectares ) , Tiergarten ( 210 hectares ) , and Jungfernheide ( 146 hectares ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gloucester_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Gloucester /ˈɡlɒstər/ ( listen ) is a constituency [ n 1 ] centred on the cathedral city and county town of the same name , represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament [ n 2 ] by Richard Graham of the Conservative Party ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kid_Sam", "text": "Kid Sam are a Melbourne based duo . The band 's first gig was in 2006 and it is made up of cousins Kieran and Kishore Ryan . Their debut self-titled album was released in 2009 to positive reviews and they went on their first national headline tour in 2010 . Kid Sam were nominated for a J Award and the Australian Music Prize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Willem_II_(football_club)", "text": "Willem II ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈʋɪləm ˈtʋeː ] ) , also known as Willem II Tilburg , is a Dutch football club based in Tilburg , Netherlands , that plays in the Eredivisie , the top tier in Dutch football . The team was founded on 12 August 1896 as Tilburgia . On 12 January 1898 , the club was renamed Willem II , after Dutch king William II of the Netherlands , who , as Prince of Orange and commander of the Dutch army , had his military headquarters in Tilburg during the Belgian uprising of 1830 and also spent a lot of time in the city after becoming king and would die while there . Notable former players for the club include Dutch internationals Jan van Roessel , Joris Mathijsen , Jaap Stam , Frenkie de Jong and Marc Overmars and Finland 's Sami Hyypiä . The club 's shirt consists of red-white-blue vertical stripes , inspired by the colours of the flag of the Netherlands . Willem II plays its home matches in the Koning Willem II Stadion , also named after the King . The stadium , opened on 31 May 1995 , has a capacity of 14,700 spectators . The average attendance in 2004-05 was 12,500 people . The club has won the Eredivisie and the Eerste divisie a total of three times in both respects all in all ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philip_Tilker", "text": "Philip Phil Tilker ( born April 18 , 1977 in Bracebridge , Ontario ) is a Canadian-American curler . He was a member of Team USA at the World Men 's Curling Championship in 2013 and 2018 . Tilker played lead on the Brady Clark rink from 2012-2017 , and has played in the same position on the Rich Ruohonen rink since then . At the 2020 United States Men 's Championship Tilker and Team Ruohonen earned a silver medal , losing to John Shuster in the final ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morona_Canton", "text": "Morona Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Morona-Santiago Province . Its capital is the town of Morona . Its population at the 2001 census was 5,065 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wakefield", "text": "Wakefield is a cathedral city in the Wakefield district of West Yorkshire , England , on the River Calder and the eastern edge of the Pennines , which had a population of 99,251 at the 2011 census . The Battle of Wakefield took place in the Wars of the Roses and it was a Royalist stronghold in the Civil War . Wakefield became an important market town and centre for wool , exploiting its position on the navigable River Calder to become an inland port . In the 18th century , Wakefield traded in corn , coal mining and textiles and in 1888 its parish church acquired cathedral status . It became the county town of the West Riding of Yorkshire and was the seat of the West Riding County Council from 1889 until 1974 , when the county and council were abolished , and of the West Yorkshire Metropolitan County Council from 1974 until its dissolution in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sidhe_Interactive", "text": "Sidhe ( formerly Sidhe Interactive ) is a developer of video games , founded and incorporated in May 1997 . The company is a licensed developer for Microsoft , Sony Computer Entertainment , Nintendo of America , and Apple Inc . It is also a co-founding member of the New Zealand Game Developers Association and the New Zealand Institute of Screen Innovation . The largest game production studio in New Zealand , Sidhe has produced more than 20 titles , including Shatter , GripShift , Madagascar Kartz , Hot Wheels Battle Force 5 , and Speed Racer . It has also developed multiple games based on the National Rugby League ( NRL ) franchise . Sidhe provides services to and has products published by partners and clients such as Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment , Sony Online Entertainment , Activision , and Ubisoft . Sidhe has also collaborated with Weta Digital to achieve the first motion capture of a horse at full gallop for the horse racing game Melbourne Cup Challenge . [ not verified in body ] The company was formerly named Sidhe Interactive , but dropped the word Interactive in 2009 prior to the launch of the company 's PlayStation 3 game Shatter . In 2011 , Shatter went on to be listed by IGN as one of their top 25 PS3 games and was their number one PSN game ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saltoro_Kangri", "text": "Saltoro Kangri is the highest peak of the Saltoro Mountains , also known as the Saltoro Range , which is a part of the Karakoram . It is the 31st highest mountain in the world , but it is in a very remote location deep in the Karakoram . It is located on the Actual Ground Position Line between Indian controlled territory in the Siachen region and Pakistani controlled territory west of the Saltoro Range ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Howell_County,_Missouri", "text": "Howell County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 40,400 . The largest city and county seat is West Plains . The county was officially organized on March 2 , 1851 , and is named after Josiah Howell , a pioneer settler in the Howell Valley . Howell County comprises the West Plains , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_at_the_1976_Winter_Olympics", "text": "The United States competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck , Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nationwide_Tour_Players_Cup", "text": "The Nationwide Tour Players Cup was a regular golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2004 to 2009 . It was played annually at the Pete Dye Golf Club in Bridgeport , West Virginia , United States . The tournament was founded in 2004 as the Pete Dye West Virginia Classic . The 2009 purse was $ 600,000 , with $ 108,000 going to the winner . Also in 2008 and 2009 , the field consisted of the top 144 players on the Nationwide Tour money list ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "First played in 1976 , the Big Sky tournament had the same format for its first eight editions . The regular season champion hosted and only the top four teams from the standings took part , with seeding based on regular season conference records ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clear_and_Present_Danger_(film)", "text": "Clear and Present Danger is a 1994 American spy thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce and based on Tom Clancy 's novel of the same name . It was preceded by the 1990 film The Hunt for Red October and the 1992 film Patriot Games , all three featuring Clancy 's character Jack Ryan . It is the last film version of Clancy 's novels to feature Harrison Ford as Ryan and James Earl Jones as Vice Admiral James Greer , as well as the final installment directed by Noyce . As in the novel , Ryan is appointed CIA Acting Deputy Director ( Intelligence ) ( DDI ) , and discovers he is being kept in the dark by colleagues who are conducting a covert war against a drug cartel in Colombia , apparently with the approval of the President . The film premiered in theaters in the United States on August 3 , 1994 , and was a major financial success , earning over $ 200 million at the box office ."}
{"title": "/wiki/E213", "text": "Calcium benzoate refers to the calcium salt of benzoic acid . When used in the food industry as a preservative , its E number is E213 ( INS number 213 ) ; it is approved for use as a food additive in the EU , USA and Australia and New Zealand . The formulas and structures of calcium carboxylate derivatives of calcium and related metals are complex . Generally the coordination number is eight and the carboxylates form Ca-O bonds . Another variable is the degree of hydration ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gregor_Adlercreutz", "text": "Gregor Nils Henric Adlercreutz ( 16 August 1898 - 3 June 1944 ) was a Swedish equestrian who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics . He and his horse Teresina placed fourth in the individual dressage competition and won a bronze medal with the Swedish dressage team . Adlercreutz was captain in the Scanian cavalry regiment and studied at a cavalry school in Hanover in 1937-38 . His father Nils was also an Olympic equestrian and headed the Scanian regiment in 1921-27 . Adlercreutz died on 3 June 1944 in Strömsholm and was buried at Norra begravningsplatsen in Solna ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kansas_City_Chiefs", "text": "The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City , Missouri . The Chiefs compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) West division . The team was founded in 1960 as the Dallas Texans by businessman Lamar Hunt and was a charter member of the American Football League ( AFL ) . ( It is not associated with the NFL Dallas Texans . ) In 1963 , the team moved to Kansas City and assumed its current name . The Chiefs joined the NFL as a result of the merger in 1970 . The team is valued at over $ 2 billion . Hunt 's son , Clark , serves as chairman and CEO . While Hunt 's ownership stakes passed collectively to his widow and children after his death in 2006 , Clark is the operating head of the franchise ; he represents the Chiefs at all league meetings and has ultimate authority on personnel changes . The Chiefs have won three AFL championships , in 1962 , 1966 , and 1969 . They became the second AFL team ( after the New York Jets ) to defeat an NFL team in an AFL-NFL World Championship Game , when they defeated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV . The team 's victory on January 11 , 1970 , was the final such competition before the leagues ' merger went into full effect ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Super_Mario_Land", "text": "Super Mario Land [ a ] is a 1989 side-scrolling platform video game developed and published by Nintendo as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld game console . It is the first Mario platform game ever to be released for a handheld console . In gameplay similar to that of the 1985 Super Mario Bros. , but resized for the smaller device 's screen , the player advances Mario to the end of 12 levels by moving to the right and jumping across platforms to avoid enemies and pitfalls . Unlike other Mario games , Super Mario Land is set in Sarasaland , a new environment depicted in line art , and Mario pursues Princess Daisy ( who makes her debut in this game ) . The game also includes two Gradius-style shooter levels . At Nintendo CEO Hiroshi Yamauchi 's request , Game Boy creator Gunpei Yokoi 's Nintendo R & D1 developed a Mario game to sell the new console . It was the first portable version of Mario and the first to be made without Mario creator and Yokoi protégé Shigeru Miyamoto . Accordingly , the development team shrunk Mario gameplay elements for the device and used some elements inconsistently from the series . Super Mario Land was expected to showcase the console until Nintendo of America bundled Tetris with new Game Boys . The game launched alongside the Game Boy first in Japan ( April 1989 ) and later worldwide . Super Mario Land was later rereleased for the Nintendo 3DS via Virtual Console in 2011 again as a launch title , which featured some tweaks to the game 's presentation . The game was lauded by critics , who were satisfied with the franchise 's transition to the Game Boy , but noted its short length ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Uno_No_Es_Uno", "text": "Uno No Es Uno is the second album by Argentine singer Noel Schajris released on October 13 , 2009 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Annemarie_Moser-Pröll", "text": "Annemarie Moser-Pröll ( born 27 March 1953 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Austria . Born in Kleinarl , Salzburg , she was the most successful female alpine ski racer during the 1970s , with six overall titles , including five consecutive . Moser-Pröll celebrated her biggest successes in downhill , giant slalom and combined races . In 1980 , her last year as a competitor , she secured her third Olympic medal ( and first gold ) at Lake Placid and won five World Cup races . Her younger sister Cornelia Pröll is also a former Olympic alpine skier ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Backstreet_Dreams_(film)", "text": "Backstreet Dreams is a 1990 drama film starring Brooke Shields , Jason O'Malley , Sherilyn Fenn and Anthony Franciosa . It was directed by Rupert Hitzig and Jason O'Malley ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dmitri_Meskhiyev", "text": "Dmitry Dmitriyevich Meskhiev ( Russian : Дмитрий Дмитриевич Месхиев , born 31 October 1963 ) is a Russian film director . His 2004 film Our Own won the Golden George at the 26th Moscow International Film Festival , and his 2015 work Battalion won four out of nine nominations at the 2015 Golden Eagle Awards . He is the son of the Soviet cameraman Dmitry Meskhiev Sr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Bontis", "text": "Nick Bontis ( born May 27 , 1969 ) is a Canadian academic , management consultant , professional keynote speaker , sports management executive and author . His research focuses on intellectual capital , knowledge management and organizational learning . Bontis is Associate Professor of Strategic Management and Chair of Strategic Management at the DeGroote School of Business , McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . He is also the Director of the Institute for Intellectual Capital Research a management consulting firm and research think-tank that specializes in conducting human capital diagnostic assessments for corporate and government clients . He is also Associate Editor of the Journal of Intellectual Capital and Chief Knowledge Officer of Knexa Solutions - the world 's first knowledge exchange auction . In 1992 , Bontis graduated with a Bachelor of Arts ( Honors Business Administration ) from Ivey Business School , University of Western Ontario . In 1999 , he graduated with a Doctor of Philosophy ( Business Administration ) from Ivey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portland,_Maine", "text": "Portland is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maine and the seat of Cumberland County . Portland 's population was 66,417 as of 2018 . The Greater Portland metropolitan area is home to over half a million people , more than one-third of Maine 's total population , making it the most populous metropolitan area in northern New England ( an area comprising the states of Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont ) and the 106th-largest in the United States . Portland 's economy relies mostly on the service sector and tourism . The Old Port district is known for its 19th-century architecture and nightlife . Marine industry still plays an important role in the city 's economy , with an active waterfront that supports fishing and commercial shipping . The Port of Portland is the largest tonnage seaport in New England . The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes , which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires . Portland was named after the English Isle of Portland , Dorset . In turn , the city of Portland , Oregon was named after Portland , Maine . Portland itself comes from the Old English word Portlanda , which literally means land surrounding a harbor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2003–04_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2003-04 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 10 , 2003 , progressed through the regular season and conference tournaments , and concluded with the 2004 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament Championship Game on April 5 , 2004 at the Alamodome in San Antonio , Texas . The Connecticut Huskies won their second NCAA national championship with an 82-73 victory over the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Planck_(crater)", "text": "Planck is a large lunar impact crater , approximately 319 kilometers in diameter , that is located in the southern hemisphere of the Moon , on the far side as seen from the Earth . It lies to the west of the walled plain Poincaré , another enormous formation only slightly larger than Planck . Both formations are larger than the walled plain Bailly , the largest crater on the near side . Lying across the southeast rim of Planck is the crater Prandtl , to the northeast is Hildegard , and to the west is Fechner ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Team_Tinkoff-Saxo", "text": "Tinkoff ( UCI team code : TNK ) was a Russian-registered professional cycling team from Russia . It competed in the UCI World Tour . The team was owned by Russian Oleg Tinkov and , from 1999 until March 2015 , was managed by former Tour de France winner Bjarne Riis . The team was sponsored by the Russian Tinkoff Bank , a credit systems company . Founded in 1998 as home-Jack & Jones , the team started in cycling 's second division . In 2000 it moved into the top division , now known as the UCI World Tour . Since 2000 , under differing sponsor names ( Memory Card-Jack & Jones and CSC-Tiscali ) , the team rode the Tour de France . It has won the overall classification in all three of the Grand Tours . In the 2008 Tour de France , Carlos Sastre won the general classification , Andy Schleck won the young rider classification , and the team won the overall team classification , and Ivan Basso won the 2006 Giro d'Italia , as well as finishing third and second in the 2004 and 2005 Tour de France . In addition , the team has won many major classics , including 6 Monuments . The team won the UCI ProTour 's team classification each year from 2005 through 2007 , and the team classification in the 2010 UCI World Ranking . In March 2015 the team confirmed that Riis had been removed from active duty due to differences between Riis and Tinkov ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Koronadal", "text": "Koronadal , officially the City of Koronadal , ( Hiligaynon : Dakbanwa sang Koronadal ; Maguindanaon : Ingud nu Koronadal ) , referred to as Koronadal City , and popularly known as Marbel , is a 3rd class city in the province of South Cotabato , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 174,942 people . It is the capital of the province of South Cotabato and regional administrative center of SOCCSKSARGEN ( Region XII ) . Koronadal became a component city of South Cotabato by virtue of Republic Act 8803 dated October 8 , 2000 . In 2003 and 2005 the city was recognized as Most Competitive City in the small-city category , and in 2005 and 2006 as the most business friendly city in Mindanao . Koronadal City is also one of the Planned Cities of the Philippines that were signed by congress on 1965 . Koronadal City is one of the two cities in Mindanao where majority of the citizens are ethnic Hiligaynons , who comprise 95% of the city 's population , the other being Tacurong City , Sultan Kudarat ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dorset_Street,_London", "text": "Dorset Street was a street in Spitalfields , east London , once situated at the heart of the area 's rookery . By repute it was the worst street in London and it was the scene of the brutal murder of Mary Jane Kelly by Jack the Ripper on 9 November 1888 . The murder was committed at Kelly 's lodgings which were situated at No . 13 , Miller 's Court entered from a passageway between 26 and 27 , Dorset Street . The road was renamed Duval Street in 1904 , before having its north side demolished in 1920 during the rebuilding of Old Spitalfields Market , and the buildings on the south side replaced by a car park in the 1960s . The site was built over during redevelopment of the Fruit and Wool Exchange in the 2010s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Edwards", "text": "Johnny Reid John Edwards ( born June 10 , 1953 ) is an American lawyer and former politician who served as a U.S. senator from North Carolina . He was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2004 , and was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 and 2008 . Edwards defeated incumbent Republican Lauch Faircloth in North Carolina 's 1998 Senate election . Towards the end of his six-year term , he opted to retire from the Senate and focus on a Democratic campaign in the 2004 presidential election . He eventually became the 2004 Democratic candidate for vice president , the running mate of presidential nominee Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts . Following Kerry 's loss to incumbent President George W. Bush , Edwards began working full-time at the One America Committee , a political action committee he established in 2001 , and was appointed director of the Center on Poverty , Work and Opportunity at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Law . He was also a consultant for Fortress Investment Group LLC . Following his 2008 campaign , Edwards was indicted by a federal grand jury on June 3 , 2011 on six felony charges of violating multiple federal campaign contribution laws to cover up an extramarital affair to which he eventually admitted . Edwards was found not guilty on one count , and the judge declared a mistrial on the remaining five charges , as the jury was unable to come to an agreement . The Justice Department dropped the remaining charges and did not attempt to retry Edwards . Edwards was not convicted of a crime , but the revelation that he engaged in an extramarital affair and fathered a child while his wife , Elizabeth , was dying of cancer gravely damaged his public image and ended his career in politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naka-Meguro_Station", "text": "Naka-Meguro Station ( 中目黒駅 , Nakameguro-eki ) is a railway station in Meguro , Tokyo , Japan , jointly operated by Tokyu Corporation and Tokyo Metro ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barefoot_in_the_Park_(film)", "text": "Barefoot in the Park is a 1967 American comedy film starring Jane Fonda and Robert Redford . Based on Neil Simon 's 1963 play of the same name , it focuses on newlyweds Corie and Paul Bratter and their adventures living in a minuscule fifth floor walk-up apartment in a Greenwich Village brownstone . Stuffed-shirt Paul is a hard-working young attorney just starting his practice , while spontaneous bride Corie is determined to create a romantic environment in two rooms without heat , a hole in the skylight , and oddball neighbors . The title refers to Corie 's lamentation that Paul will not go running barefoot in Washington Square Park with her because of his sober and cautious demeanor . The phrase becomes emblematic of the differences between the two of them , and is made manifest in the film 's climactic scene . The film 's screenplay was written by Simon . Gene Saks directed Redford , reprising his Broadway role of Paul , and Fonda , who replaced the play 's Elizabeth Ashley . Mildred Natwick reprises her stage role as the bride 's mother , Charles Boyer is featured as the eccentric upstairs neighbor , and Herb Edelman reprises his stage role as a telephone installer . The lead female role had been offered to Natalie Wood who had already played opposite Redford in two movies . Wood declined the offer because she wanted to take time off from acting . Natwick was nominated for the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress , Fonda was nominated for a BAFTA as Best Foreign Actress , and Simon received a nod from the Writers Guild of America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halbe", "text": "Halbe ( Lower Sorbian Łobje ) is a municipality in the Dahme-Spreewald district of Brandenburg , Germany . It is situated near the capital city Berlin and the Spreewald . Four other villages are part of Halbe : Briesen/Brand with the Tropical Islands resorts of Dom , Teurow , Freidorf and Oderin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Peter_Pan;_or,_the_Boy_Who_Wouldn't_Grow_Up", "text": "Peter Pan ; or , the Boy Who Would n't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is a 1904 play and a 1911 novel by J. M. Barrie . Both versions tell the story of Peter Pan , a mischievous yet innocent little boy who can fly , and has many adventures on the island of Neverland that is inhabited by mermaids , fairies , Native Americans and pirates . The Peter Pan stories also involve the characters Wendy Darling and her two brothers , Peter 's fairy Tinker Bell , the Lost Boys , and the pirate Captain Hook . The play and novel were inspired by Barrie 's friendship with the Llewelyn Davies family . Barrie continued to revise the play for years after its debut until publication of the play script in 1928 . The play debuted in London on 27 December 1904 with Nina Boucicault , daughter of playwright Dion Boucicault , in the title role . A Broadway production was mounted in 1905 starring Maude Adams . It was later revived with such actresses as Marilyn Miller and Eva Le Gallienne . The play has since been adapted as a pantomime , stage musical , a television special , and several films , including a 1924 silent film , the 1953 Disney animated film , and a 2003 live action production . The play is now rarely performed in its original form on stage in the United Kingdom , whereas pantomime adaptations are frequently staged around Christmas . In the U.S. , the original version has also been supplanted in popularity by the 1954 musical version , which became popular on television . The novel was first published in 1911 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom , and Charles Scribner 's Sons in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Julieta_Venegas", "text": "Julieta Venegas Percevault ( Spanish pronunciation : [ xuˈljeta βeˈneɣas ] ; [ a ] born November 24 , 1970 in Long Beach , California ) is an American-born Mexican singer , songwriter , instrumentalist and producer who sings pop-rock in Spanish . She speaks English , Portuguese , and Spanish fluently . She has a twin sister , Yvonne , who is a photographer . Venegas grew up in Tijuana and began studying music at age eight . She went on to join several bands including Mexican ska band Tijuana No ! . Venegas plays several instruments including acoustic guitar , accordion , and keyboard . She has won five Latin Grammys and one Grammy Award among other awards . She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies . In 1997 , she released her debut album Aquí to favorable reviews in Mexico by the rock audience . In later years , she positioned herself as one of the most prominent songwriters in Latin pop by achieving fame in 2003 in Latin America and Spain with the album Sí and singles Andar Conmigo and Algo está cambiando which were positioned at the top of Latin Billboard . In 2006 , she released her most successful album Limón y Sal which is her best-selling album to date . Limón y Sal achieved Platinum status in several countries , including the worldwide hit Me Voy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Ham", "text": "South Ham is a district and ward of Basingstoke , to the west of the town centre . It takes its name from South Ham Farm , which was once the major farm in the area but was demolished in the early 1960s . Parts of the area were developed for Council Housing in both the 1930s and 1950s when Western Way , one of the principal roads was built . The majority of development took place in the late 1960s , when Basingstoke was developed as an overspill town for London . South Ham has a number of roads named after royalty , authors and saints . South Ham has four schools ( Aldworth School , Park View Infants and Juniors , St. Anne 's Catholic Primary School and Bishop Challoner Catholic Secondary School ) , a library , a dental practice and surgery and several churches ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montréal-Trudeau", "text": "Montréal-Trudeau International Airport ( IATA : YUL , ICAO : CYUL ) ( French : Aéroport International Montréal-Trudeau ) or Montréal-Trudeau , formerly known as Montréal-Dorval International Airport ( Aéroport international Montréal-Dorval ) , is an international airport in Dorval , Quebec . It is the primary international airport serving Montreal , 20 km ( 12 mi ) from Downtown Montreal . The airport terminals are located entirely in the suburb of Dorval , while one runway is located in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent . Air Canada , the country 's flag carrier , also has its corporate headquarters complex on the Saint-Laurent side of the airport . It also serves Greater Montreal and adjacent regions in Quebec and eastern Ontario , as well as the states of Vermont and northern New York in the United States . The airport is named in honour of Pierre Elliott Trudeau , the 15th Prime Minister of Canada and father of current Prime Minister Justin Trudeau . The airport is one of two managed and operated by Aéroports de Montréal ( ADM ) , a not-for-profit corporation without share capital ; the other being Montréal-Mirabel northwest of Montreal , which was initially intended to replace the one in Dorval but now deals almost solely with cargo . Montréal-Trudeau is owned by Transport Canada which has a 60-year lease with Aéroports de Montréal , as per Canada 's National Airport Policy of 1994 . Trudeau is the busiest airport in the province of Quebec and the third-busiest airport in Canada by both passenger traffic and aircraft movements , with 20.3 million passengers and 236,908 movements in 2019 . It is one of eight Canadian airports with United States border preclearance and is one of the main gateways into Canada with 13.1 million or 65% of its passengers being on non-domestic flights , the highest proportion amongst Canada 's airports during 2018 . It is one of four Air Canada hubs and , in that capacity , serves mainly Quebec , the Atlantic Provinces and Eastern Ontario . On an average day , 53,000 passengers transit through Montréal-Trudeau ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Remi_(band)", "text": "REMI is an Australian rap duo made up of rapper Remi Kolawole and producer Sensible J . Their first album Raw x Infinity won the Australian Music Prize . Their second album Divas & Demons was nominated for the 2017 ARIA Award for Best Urban Album . Remi Kolawale hails from the city of Melbourne , Australia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2017_Archery_World_Cup", "text": "The 2017 Archery World Cup is the 12th edition of the Archery World Cup organised annually by the World Archery Federation . The World Cup finals will be held in Odense , Denmark on 24-25 September . The locations for the 4 preliminary stages were : The first leg in Shanghai , China from 16-21 May , the second leg on 6-11 June in Antalya , Turkey , the third leg on 20-25 June in Salt Lake City , U.S. and the final leg on 8-13 August in Berlin , Germany . The finals were held in Rome , Italy on 2-3 September ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sengkang_Punggol", "text": "Hougang United Football Club is a professional football club in Singapore 's professional league Singapore Premier League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Claro_Americas", "text": "Claro Americas is a Brazilian company part of América Móvil , a Mexican telecom group serving clients in Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , the Dominican Republic , Ecuador , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Puerto Rico and Uruguay . The company 's name means bright , clear or of course in Portuguese and Spanish ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Grey_Barnard", "text": "George Grey Barnard ( May 24 , 1863 - April 24 , 1938 ) , often written George Gray Barnard , was an American sculptor who trained in Paris . He is especially noted for his heroic sized Struggle of the Two Natures in Man at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , his twin sculpture groups at the Pennsylvania State Capitol , and his Lincoln statue in Cincinnati , Ohio . His major works are largely symbolical in character . His personal collection of medieval architectural fragments became a core part of The Cloisters in New York City ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dick_Johnson_(racing_driver)", "text": "Richard Johnson ( born 26 April 1945 ) is a part-owner of the V8 Supercar team DJR Team Penske and a former racing driver . As a driver , he was a five-time Australian Touring Car Champion and a three-time winner of the Bathurst 1000 . As of 2008 Johnson has claimed over twenty awards and honours , [ citation needed ] including the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame into which he was inducted in 2001 . In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations , Dick Johnson was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for his role as a sports legend ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._J._Abrams", "text": "Jeffrey Jacob Abrams ( born June 27 , 1966 ) is an American filmmaker . He is known for his work in the genres of action , drama , fan-service nostalgia , and science fiction . Abrams wrote or produced such films as Regarding Henry ( 1991 ) , Forever Young ( 1992 ) , Armageddon ( 1998 ) , Cloverfield ( 2008 ) , Star Trek ( 2009 ) , Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( 2015 ) , and Star Wars : The Rise of Skywalker ( 2019 ) . Abrams has created numerous television series , including Felicity ( co-creator , 1998-2002 ) , Alias ( creator , 2001-2006 ) , Lost ( co-creator , 2004-2010 ) , and Fringe ( co-creator , 2008-2013 ) . He won two Emmy Awards for Lost - Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series and Outstanding Drama Series . His directorial film work includes Mission : Impossible III ( 2006 ) , Star Trek ( 2009 ) , Super 8 ( 2011 ) , and Star Trek Into Darkness ( 2013 ) . He also directed , produced and co-wrote The Force Awakens , the seventh episode of the Star Wars saga and the first film of the sequel trilogy . The film is his highest-grossing , as well as the fourth-highest-grossing film of all time not adjusted for inflation . He returned to Star Wars by co-writing , producing and directing the ninth and final installment of the saga , The Rise of Skywalker . Abrams 's frequent collaborators include producer Bryan Burk , producer/director Tommy Gormley , actors Greg Grunberg , Simon Pegg and Keri Russell , composer Michael Giacchino , writers Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci , cinematographers Daniel Mindel and Larry Fong , and editors Maryann Brandon and Mary Jo Markey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michelle_Menzies", "text": "Michelle Menzies ( born April 28 , 1972 in Halifax , Nova Scotia ) is a Canadian former pair skater . With partner Jean-Michel Bombardier , she won the gold medal at the Canadian Figure Skating Championships in 1995 and 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1951_Pittsburgh_Steelers_season", "text": "The 1951 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 19th in the National Football League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Longueuil", "text": "Longueuil ( /lɒŋˈɡeɪl/ ; French : [ lɔ̃ɡœj ] ) is a city in the province of Quebec , Canada . It is the seat of the Montérégie administrative region and the central city of the urban agglomeration of Longueuil . It sits on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River directly across from Montreal . The population as of the Canada 2016 Census totalled 239,700 , making it Montreal 's second largest suburb , the fifth most populous city in Quebec and twentieth largest in Canada . Charles Le Moyne founded Longueuil as a seigneurie in 1657 . It would become a parish in 1845 , a village in 1848 , a town in 1874 and a city in 1920 . Between 1961 and 2002 , Longueuil 's borders grew three times , as it was amalgamated with surrounding municipalities ; there was a strong de-amalgamation in 2006 ( see 2000-2006 municipal reorganization in Quebec ) . Longueuil is a residential , commercial and industrial city . It incorporates some urban features , but is essentially a suburb . Longueuil can be classified as a commuter town as a large portion of its residents commute to work in Montreal . Most buildings are single-family homes constructed in the post-war period . The city consists of three boroughs : Le Vieux-Longueuil , Saint-Hubert and Greenfield Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michigan", "text": "Michigan ( /ˈmɪʃɪɡən/ ( listen ) ) is a state in the Great Lakes and Midwestern regions of the United States . Its name originates from the Ojibwe word mishigamaa , meaning large water or large lake . With a population of just under 10 million , Michigan is the tenth most populous of the 50 United States , with the 11th most extensive total area , and is the largest state by total area east of the Mississippi River . [ b ] Its capital is Lansing , and its largest city is Detroit . Metro Detroit is among the nation 's most populous and largest metropolitan economies . Michigan is the only state to consist of two peninsulas . The Lower Peninsula is often noted as being shaped like a mitten . The Upper Peninsula ( often called the U.P . ) is separated from the Lower Peninsula by the Straits of Mackinac , a five-mile ( 8 km ) channel that joins Lake Huron to Lake Michigan . The Mackinac Bridge connects the peninsulas . The state has the longest freshwater coastline of any political subdivision in the world , being bounded by four of the five Great Lakes , plus Lake Saint Clair . Michigan also has 64,980 inland lakes and ponds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Volcanic_Seven_Summits", "text": "The Volcanic Seven Summits are the highest volcanoes on each of the seven continents , just as the Seven Summits are the highest peaks on each of the seven continents . Summiting all seven is regarded as a mountaineering challenge , first postulated as such in 1999 . Two of the Volcanic Seven Summits are also in the Seven Summits list . Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Elbrus , which were formed volcanically , are the highest peaks of their respective continents ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Blossoming_of_Maximo_Oliveros", "text": "The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros ( Filipino : Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros ) is a 2005 Filipino coming-of-age film about a gay teen who is torn between his love for a young cop and his loyalty to his family . The film competed under 1st Cinemalaya Film Festival in 2005 . The film was the official entry of the Philippines to the 79th Academy Awards . It is one of the few digital films released in 2005 to do well at the tills . It also made the rounds of international film festivals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mats_Sundin", "text": "Mats Johan Sundin ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈmatːs sɵnˈdiːn ] ; born 13 February 1971 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who played the majority of his career in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , retiring in 2009 . Originally drafted first overall in 1989 , Sundin played his first four seasons in the NHL with the Quebec Nordiques . He was then traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1994 , where he played the majority of his career , serving 11 seasons as team captain . At the end of the 2007-08 season , Sundin was the longest serving non-North American born captain in NHL history . Sundin last played for the Vancouver Canucks in the 2008-09 season before announcing his retirement on 30 September 2009 . He appeared in the Stanley Cup playoffs in 10 of his 18 seasons . Excluding his rookie season , the shortened lockout season and his half season with Vancouver , Sundin scored at least 70 points in every season of his career , played at least 70 games in every season and led the Maple Leafs in points in every year he was with the team save for 2002-03 , when Alexander Mogilny beat him by seven points . On 14 October 2006 , Sundin became the first Swedish player to score 500 goals . He is the Maple Leafs ' franchise all-time leader in goals ( 420 ) and points ( 987 ) . Over his career , Sundin averaged just over a point per game ( 1,349 points in 1,346 NHL games ) . Internationally , Sundin won three gold medals with Sweden at the World Championships and a gold medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin . Sundin was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame on 26 June 2012 , in his first year of eligibility ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tesco_Donabate_Distribution_Centre", "text": "Tesco Donabate Distribution Centre is a Distribution centre located in Donabate , Ireland . Used by Tesco Ireland for distribution , it is the 11th-largest building by volume in the world , with a volume of 1,550,000 cubic metres ( 55,000,000 cu ft ) ; for comparison , this is 42% of the volume of NASA 's Vehicle Assembly Building ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Morocco", "text": "Morocco ( /məˈrɒkoʊ/ ( listen ) ; Arabic : المغرب , romanized : al-maġhrib , lit . 'place the sun sets ; the west ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : lmeɣrib ; French : Maroc ) , officially the Kingdom of Morocco ( Arabic : المملكة المغربية , romanized : al-mamlakah al-maghribiyah , lit . 'The Western Kingdom ' ; Standard Moroccan Tamazight : ⵜⴰⴳⵍⴷⵉⵜ ⵏ ⵍⵎⵖⵔⵉⴱ , romanized : tageldit n lmaɣrib ; French : Royaume du Maroc ) , is a country located in the Maghreb region of North Africa . It overlooks the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to the west , with land border with Algeria to the east and Western Sahara to the south ( status disputed ) . Morocco also claims the exclaves of Ceuta , Melilla and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera , all of them under Spanish jurisdiction , as well as several small Spanish-controlled islands of its coast . The capital is Rabat and the largest city is Casablanca . Morocco spans an area of 710,850 km2 ( 274,460 sq mi ) and has a population of over 36 million . Since the foundation of the first Moroccan state by Idris I in 788 AD , the country has been ruled by a series of independent dynasties , reaching its zenith under Almoravid and Almohad rule , when it spanned parts of Iberia and northwestern Africa . The Marinid and Saadi dynasties resisted foreign domination into the 17th century , allowing Morocco to remain the only northwest African country to avoid Ottoman occupation . The Alaouite dynasty , which rules to this day , seized power in 1631 . The country 's strategic location near the mouth of the Mediterranean attracted the interest of Europe , and in 1912 , Morocco was divided into French and Spanish protectorates , with an international zone in Tangier . It regained its independence in 1956 , and has since remained comparatively stable and prosperous by regional standards , with the fifth largest economy in Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WikiLeaks", "text": "WikiLeaks ( /ˈwɪkiliːks/ ) is an international non-profit organisation that publishes news leaks and classified media provided by anonymous sources . Its website , initiated in 2006 in Iceland by the organisation Sunshine Press , claimed in 2016 to have released online 10 million documents in its first 10 years . Julian Assange , an Australian Internet activist , is generally described as its founder and director . Since September 2018 , Kristinn Hrafnsson has served as its editor-in-chief . The group has released a number of prominent document caches . Early releases included documentation of equipment expenditures and holdings in the Afghanistan war , a report informing a corruption investigation in Kenya , and a manual for operations at the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . In April 2010 , WikiLeaks released the Collateral Murder footage from the 12 July 2007 Baghdad airstrike in which Iraqi journalists were among those killed . Other releases in 2010 included the Afghan War Diary and the Iraq War Logs . The latter allowed the mapping of 109,032 deaths in significant attacks by insurgents in Iraq that had been reported to Multi-National Force - Iraq , including about 15,000 that had not been previously published . In 2010 , WikiLeaks also released the US State Department diplomatic cables , classified cables that had been sent to the US State Department . In April 2011 , WikiLeaks began publishing 779 secret files relating to prisoners detained in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp . In 2012 , WikiLeaks released the Syria Files , over two million emails sent by Syrian politicians , corporations and government ministries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Detroit_Masonic_Temple", "text": "The Detroit Masonic Temple is the world 's largest Masonic Temple . Located in the Cass Corridor of Detroit , Michigan , at 500 Temple Street , the building serves as a home to various masonic organizations including the York Rite Sovereign College of North America . The building contains a variety of public spaces including three theaters , three ballrooms and banquet halls , and a 160 by 100 feet ( 49 m × 30 m ) clear-span drill hall . Recreational facilities include a swimming pool , handball court , gymnasium , bowling alley , and a pool hall . The building includes numerous lodge rooms , offices , and dining spaces , as well as a hotel section . Although the hotel rooms are available to any noble of the mystic shrine or blue lodge mason , none is currently in usable condition . Architect George D. Mason designed the whole structure as well as the Masonic Temple Theatre , a venue for concerts , Broadway shows , and other special events in the Detroit Theater District . It contains a 55-by-100-foot ( 17 m × 30 m ) stage , one of the largest in the country . [ citation needed ] The Detroit Masonic Temple was designed in the neo-gothic architectural style , using a great deal of limestone . The ritual building features 16 floors , stands 210 feet ( 64 m ) tall , with 1,037 rooms . It dominates the skyline in an area known as Cass Corridor , across Temple Street from Cass Park , and Cass Technical High School . It is within walking distance of the recently built Little Caesars Arena as well as the MotorCity Casino Hotel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kyansittha", "text": "Kyansittha ( Burmese : ကျန်စစ်သား , pronounced [ tɕàɴsɪʔθá ] ; also Kyanzittha or Hti-Hlaing Shin ; 1030 - 1112/13 ) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1084 to 1112/13 , and is considered one of the greatest Burmese monarchs . He continued the social , economic and cultural reforms begun by his father , King Anawrahta . Pagan became an internationally recognized power during his 28-year reign . The Burmese language and culture continued to gain ground . In his early life , Kyansittha was a popular and successful general who led Anawrahta 's major military campaigns that founded the Pagan Empire . He was exiled twice in the 1070s and 1080s for his affair with Queen Manisanda . Kyansittha ascended to the Pagan throne in 1084 after suppressing a major Mon rebellion that killed King Saw Lu . His reign was largely peaceful . A great admirer of Mon culture , he pursued a conciliatory policy towards the Mon of the south , and continued the patronage of Mon language and culture at his court . It was in his reign that the synthesis of Burman , Mon , Pyu and Buddhist practices into a Burmese cultural tradition began to reach a level of maturity . The Burmese script began to be used alongside Pyu , Mon , and Pali . A peaceful Pagan grew wealthy from agriculture and trade , and large scale temple building began in earnest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2010_Dubai_24_Hour", "text": "The 2010 TOYO Tires Dubai 24 Hour was the fifth running of the Dubai 24 Hour endurance race . The race was held at the Dubai Autodrome and was organized by the promoter Creventic . The official event commenced on 14 January and finished on 16 January 2010 . The race was won by the A6 class IMSA Performance Matmut team , with Raymond Narac , Patrick Pilet and Marco Holzer piloting the team 's Porsche 997 GT3 RSR to a race record distance , covering 608 laps over the 24 Hours . The podium was completed by a pair of A5 class BMW Z4 M-Coupés ; the Petronas Syntium Team of Nobuteru Taniguchi , Masataka Yanagida , Fariqe Hairuman , Johannes Stuck and Hiroki Yoshida finished second , behind Narac , Pilet and Holzer , and the Al Faisal Racing team finished third , two laps behind the Petronas team , with a driving quartet of Abdulaziz and Khaled Al Faisal , Marko Hartung and Claudia Hürtgen . Other classes were won by BMW Team Hungary with Efficient Dynamics ( 11th overall , D2 class ) , Team Black Falcon ( 12th , SP2 class , and 31st , A4 class ) , Bovi Motorsport ( 13th , SP1 class ) , AUH Motorsports ( 16th , SP3 class ) , SUNRED Racing Team ( 20th , A3T class ) , Team Sally Racing ( 30th , A2 class ) , and Marcos Racing International ( 34th , D1 class ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Estádio_do_Fontelo", "text": "Estádio do Fontelo ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ( ɨ ) ˈʃtaðju ðu fõtˈɛlu ] ; Fontelo Stadium ) is a stadium in Viseu , Portugal . It has been completed and opened to the public in December 1928 . It is mostly used for football matches and hosts the home matches of Académico de Viseu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Shannon_Lucid", "text": "Shannon Matilda Wells Lucid ( born January 14 , 1943 ) is an American biochemist and a retired NASA astronaut . At one time , she held the record for the longest duration stay in space by an American , as well as by a woman . She has flown in space five times including a prolonged mission aboard the Mir space station in 1996 ; she is the only American woman to have served aboard Mir . In 2002 , Discover magazine recognized Lucid as one of the 50 most important women in science ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Margaret_Rhea_Seddon", "text": "Margaret Rhea Seddon ( born November 8 , 1947 ) is a physician and retired NASA astronaut . After being selected as part of the first group of astronauts to include women , she flew on three Space Shuttle flights : as mission specialist for STS-51-D and STS-40 , and as payload commander for STS-58 . Both before and after her career in the astronaut program , she has been active in the medical community in Tennessee , Mississippi and Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malmö", "text": "Malmö ( /ˈmælmoʊ , ˈmɑːlmɜː/ ; Swedish : [ ˈmâlmøː ] ( listen ) ; Danish : Malmø [ ˈmælmˌøˀ ] ) is the largest city of the Swedish county of Skåne County , the third-largest city in Sweden , after Stockholm and Gothenburg , and the sixth-largest city in Scandinavia , with a population of 316,588 inhabitants out of a municipal total of 338,230 in 2018 . The Malmö Metropolitan Region is home to over 700,000 people , and the Øresund Region , which includes Malmö , is home to 4 million people . Malmö was one of the earliest and most industrialized towns of Scandinavia , but it struggled with the adaptation to post-industrialism . Since the construction of the Öresund Bridge , Malmö has undergone a major transformation , producing new architectural developments , supporting new biotech and IT companies , and attracting students through Malmö University and other higher education facilities . The city contains many historic buildings and parks , and is also a commercial center for the western part of Scania ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Craik_Forest", "text": "Craik Forest is a forest near Hawick in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , and managed by the Forestry Commission ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Balzar,_Ecuador", "text": "Balzar is a city located in northern Guayas Province , Ecuador , on the Daule River , near Los Ríos Province . It is the seat of Balzar Canton , and the agricultural center in northern Guayas . As of the census of 2001 , there are 48,470 people residing within canton limits . The most important river is the Daule River , used for transportation . Agriculture is the main activity . Rice , coffee and tobacco are the most important products . Balzar is famous throughout Ecuador for the tall tree located at the end of the main road . Balzar became a canton in September 26 , 1903 Coordinates : 1°22′S 79°54′W / 1.36°S 79.90°W / -1.36 ; -79.90"}
{"title": "/wiki/Tyler_French", "text": "Tyler Jay French ( born 12 February 1999 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Bradford City , as a central defender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Newry", "text": "Newry ( /ˈnjʊəri/ ; from Irish : An Iúraigh ) is a city in Northern Ireland , divided by the Clanrye river in counties Armagh and Down , 34 miles ( 55 km ) from Belfast and 67 miles ( 108 km ) from Dublin . It had a population of 26,967 in 2011 . Newry was founded in 1144 alongside a Cistercian monastery , although there are references to earlier settlements in the area , and is one of Ireland 's oldest towns . The city is an entry to the Gap of the North , 5 miles ( 8 km ) from the border with the Republic of Ireland . It grew as a market town and a garrison and became a port in 1742 when it was linked to Lough Neagh by the first summit-level canal built in Ireland or Great Britain . A cathedral city , it is the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dromore . In 2002 , as part of Queen Elizabeth 's Golden Jubilee celebrations , Newry was granted city status along with Lisburn ."}
{"title": "/wiki/California_State_University,_Bakersfield", "text": "California State University , Bakersfield ( CSUB , Cal State Bakersfield , or CSU Bakersfield ) is a public university in Bakersfield , California . It was founded in 1965 and opened in 1970 on a 375-acre ( 152 ha ) campus , becoming the 19th school in the 23-campus California State University system . The university offers 45 different Bachelor 's degrees and 21 types of Master 's degrees . The university offers a Doctoral Program in Educational Leadership ( Ed.D ) . As of fall 2018 , there were currently more than 10,000 undergraduate and graduate students at either the main campus in Bakersfield or the satellite campus , Antelope Valley Center in Lancaster , California . CSU Bakersfield has more than 50,000 alumni from its four schools : Arts and Humanities ; Business and Public Administration ; Natural Sciences , Mathematics and Engineering ; and Social Sciences and Education . The university is primarily a commuter campus serving the city of Bakersfield . CSU Bakersfield 's petroleum geology program is the only one offered by a public university west of the Rockies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eastern_Ganga_dynasty", "text": "The Eastern Ganga dynasty was a medieval Indian dynasty that reigned from Kalinga from the 11th century to the early 15th century . The territory ruled by the dynasty consisted of the whole of the modern-day Indian state of Odisha as well as parts of West Bengal , Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh . The early rulers of the dynasty ruled from Dantapura ; the capital was later moved to Kalinganagara ( modern Mukhalingam ) , and ultimately to Kataka ( modern Cuttack ) . Today , they are most remembered as the builders of the Konark Sun Temple , a UNESCO World Heritage site at Konark , Odisha . The rulers of Eastern Ganga dynasty defended their kingdom from the constant attacks of the Muslim rulers . This kingdom prospered through trade and commerce and the wealth was mostly used in the construction of temples . The rule of the dynasty came to an end under the reign of King Bhanudeva IV ( 1414-34 ) , in the early 15th century . Their currency was called Ganga fanams and was greatly influenced by the Cholas and Eastern Chalukyas of southern India ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adelaide_Street_Circuit", "text": "The Adelaide Street Circuit ( also known as the Adelaide Parklands Circuit ) is a temporary street circuit in the East Parklands adjacent to the Adelaide central business district in South Australia , Australia . The 3.780 km ( 2.349 mi ) long Grand Prix version of the track hosted eleven Formula One Australian Grand Prix events from 1985 to 1995 , as well as an American Le Mans Series endurance race on New Year 's Eve in 2000 ( Race of a Thousand Years ) . Since 1999 , a shortened version of the circuit has held the Adelaide 500 touring car race . A sprint version of the circuit has also been used since 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paso_Doble", "text": "Pasodoble ( Spanish : double step ) is a fast-paced Spanish military march used by infantry troops . Its speed allowed troops to give 120 steps per minute ( double the average of a regular unit , hence its name ) . This march gave rise to a traditional Spanish dance , a musical genre including both voice and instruments , and a genre of instrumental music often played during bullfight . Both the dance and the non martial compositions are also called pasodoble ."}
{"title": "/wiki/J._C._Ramírez", "text": "Juan Carlos Ramírez ( born August 16 , 1988 ) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels organization . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Arizona Diamondbacks , Philadelphia Phillies , Seattle Mariners , Cincinnati Reds , and Angels ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nuevo_León", "text": "Nuevo León ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈnweβo leˈon ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Free and Sovereign State of Nuevo León ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de Nuevo León ) , is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico . It is divided into 51 municipalities and its capital city is Monterrey . It is located in Northeastern Mexico . It is bordered by the states of Tamaulipas to the north and east , San Luis Potosí to the south , and Coahuila to the west . To the north , Nuevo León has a 15 kilometer ( 9 mi ) stretch of the U.S.-Mexico border adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas . The state was named after the New Kingdom of León , an administrative territory of the Viceroyalty of New Spain , which was itself named after the historic Spanish Kingdom of León . Besides its capital , other important cities are Guadalupe , Santa Catarina , San Nicolás de los Garza , and San Pedro Garza García , all of which are part of the Monterrey Metropolitan area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jordan", "text": "Jordan ( Arabic : الأردن Al-ʾUrdunn [ al.ʔur.dunː ] ) , officially the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan ( Arabic : المملكة الأردنية الهاشمية Al-Mamlakah al-Urdunniyyah Al-Hāshimiyyah ) , is an Arab country in Western Asia , on the East Bank of the Jordan River . Jordan is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south and the east , Iraq to the north-east , Syria to the north and Israel and the Palestinian West Bank to the west . The Dead Sea is located along its western borders and the country has a 26-kilometre ( 16 mi ) coastline on the Red Sea in its extreme south-west . Jordan is strategically located at the crossroads of Asia , Africa and Europe . The capital , Amman , is Jordan 's most populous city as well as the country 's economic , political and cultural centre . What is now Jordan has been inhabited by humans since the Paleolithic period . Three stable kingdoms emerged there at the end of the Bronze Age : Ammon , Moab and Edom . Later rulers include the Nabataean Kingdom , the Roman Empire , and the Ottoman Empire . After the Great Arab Revolt against the Ottomans in 1916 during World War I , the Ottoman Empire was partitioned by Britain and France . The Emirate of Transjordan was established in 1921 by the Hashemite , then Emir , Abdullah I , and the emirate became a British protectorate . In 1946 , Jordan became an independent state officially known as the Hashemite Kingdom of Transjordan , but was renamed in 1949 to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan after the country captured the West Bank during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War and annexed it until it was lost to Israel in 1967 . Jordan renounced its claim to the territory in 1988 , and became one of two Arab states to sign a peace treaty with Israel in 1994 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_UEFA_Women's_Under-17_Championship", "text": "The 2013 UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship was the sixth edition of the UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship . The first matches were played on 3 September 2012 . With a return of Slovakia , who have n't been played since the inaugural edition , and U-17 newcomers Montenegro a new record of 44 participating nations was set . The final tournament was played for the last time in Nyon with four teams . Starting the next edition of the tournament , eight countries will contest the final tournament with the host changing every edition . Dutch player Vivianne Miedema set a competition record by netting eight goals in a match against Kazakhstan . She also became the tournament 's all-time top scorer with 20 goals . For the first time Belgium and Poland qualified for the final tournament , and also for the first time Germany failed to do so ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oxford,_Mississippi", "text": "Oxford is a city in , and the county seat of , Lafayette County , Mississippi , United States . Founded in 1837 , it was named after the British university city of Oxford in hopes of having the state university located there , which it did successfully attract . As of the 2010 US Census , the population is 18,916 ; the Census Bureau estimates the city 's 2017 population at 23,639 . Oxford is the home of the University of Mississippi , founded in 1848 , also commonly known as Ole Miss ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quispamsis,_New_Brunswick", "text": "Quispamsis ( /kwɪs.pæm.sɪs/ , [ a ] sometimes shortened to /kwɪsˈpæm/ ) is a Kings County suburb of Saint John , New Brunswick , located 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) to the northeast in the lower Kennebecasis River valley . Its population was 18,245 as of the 2016 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kei_Kamara", "text": "Kei Ansu Kamara ( /ˈkaɪ kəˈmɑːrə/ ; born 1 September 1984 ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as a striker for Major League Soccer club Colorado Rapids . In 2015 , Kamara tied for top scorer in MLS with 22 goals , losing out to Sebastian Giovinco on the Golden Boot on fewer assists . He is one of only 10 players to have scored 100 goals in MLS history , achieving the landmark in 300 appearances ."}
{"title": "/wiki/McLean_County,_Illinois", "text": "McLean County is the largest county by land area in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 169,572 . Its county seat is Bloomington . McLean County is included in the Bloomington-Normal , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/U.N._Squadron", "text": "U.N. Squadron is a 1989 side-scrolling shooting game released by Capcom for the CPS arcade hardware and for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System . The game was released in Japan as Area 88 ( Japanese : エリア88 , Hepburn : Eria Hachi-Jū-Hachi ) , and is based on the manga series of the same name , featuring the same main characters . Here , their mission is to stop a terrorist group known as Project 4 . It was followed by a spiritual successor Carrier Air Wing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orpheus_Descending_(film)", "text": "Orpheus Descending is a 1990 American television film starring Vanessa Redgrave and directed by Peter Hall . It is an adaptation of Tennessee Williams ' play of the same name . Hall had directed Redgrave in an acclaimed Broadway production of the play a year earlier . The stage actors such as Redgrave , Kevin Anderson and Brad Sullivan reprised their roles for the film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forever_People", "text": "Forever People are a fictional group of extraterrestrial superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . They first appeared in Forever People # 1 ( cover-dated February-March 1971 ) , and were created by Jack Kirby as part of his Fourth World epic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1978–79_NHL_season", "text": "The 1978-79 NHL season was the 62nd season of the National Hockey League . The Montreal Canadiens beat the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup finals four games to one for their fourth consecutive Cup . The Cleveland Barons merged with the Minnesota North Stars"}
{"title": "/wiki/Jerry_Lawson_(musician)", "text": "Jerome Eugene Lawson ( January 23 , 1944 - July 10 , 2019 ) was an American singer , producer , musical arranger , performer , best known as the original lead singer of The Persuasions . Born in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , he was raised in Apopka , Florida . He resided in Phoenix , Arizona with his wife , Julie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Monica_Puig", "text": "Monica Puig Marchán [ a ] ( born September 27 , 1993 ) is a Puerto Rican professional tennis player and the reigning Olympic champion . She is also a Central American and Caribbean champion and Pan American silver medalist . She is the first Puerto Rican to win an Olympic gold medal representing Puerto Rico . Having turned professional in 2010 , Puig has won two WTA singles titles and six ITF singles titles . On 26 September 2016 , she reached her career-high singles ranking of world No . 27 . On 25 May 2015 , she peaked at No . 210 in the doubles rankings . At the 2016 Rio Olympics , Puig won the gold medal and the ninth overall medalist for that delegation . With the feat , she also became the first Latin American champion in the women 's singles discipline , and is the only unseeded female player to win the gold medal since the reintroduction of tennis in 1988 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toyota_Racing_(Formula_One_team)", "text": "Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota Motor Corporation and based in Cologne , Germany . Toyota announced their plans to participate in Formula One in 1999 , and after extensive testing with their initial car , dubbed the TF101 , the team made their debut in 2002 . The new team grew from Toyota 's long-standing Toyota Motorsport GmbH organisation , which had previously competed in the World Rally Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans . Despite a point in their first-ever race , Toyota never won a Grand Prix , their best finish being 2nd position , which they achieved five times . Toyota drew criticism for their lack of success , as they never managed to win with one of the sport 's biggest budgets . Toyota was a well-funded team , but despite this , strong results had never been consistent . On 4 November 2009 , Toyota announced its immediate withdrawal from Formula One , ending the team 's involvement in the sport after eight consecutive seasons ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Athletics_at_the_1960_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_decathlon", "text": "The men 's decathlon at the 1960 Summer Olympics took place between 5 September and 6 September at the Stadio Olimpico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Warm_Springs,_Georgia", "text": "Warm Springs is a city in Meriwether County , Georgia , United States . The population was 425 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Crewe_Alexandra_F.C.", "text": "Crewe Alexandra Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Crewe , Cheshire , England . The team compete in League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system . Nicknamed The Railwaymen because of the town 's links with the rail industry , they have played at Gresty Road since 1906 , when they moved from their original home at the Alexandra Recreation Ground . Supporters maintain rivalries with a number of nearby clubs , their fiercest rivals being Staffordshire-based side Port Vale . The club was formed in 1877 and named after Princess Alexandra . They entered the Football Alliance league in 1889 , before becoming founding members of the Football League Second Division in 1892 . However they failed to be re-elected into the Football League after finishing bottom of the division in 1895-96 . They spent the next three seasons in the Lancashire League , before spending ten years competing in the Birmingham & District League . They spent the 1910s in The Central League , before they were invited to join the newly created Football League Third Division North in 1921 , where they spent the following 37 years . After three consecutive last-place Third Division North finishes , they were placed in the newly formed Fourth Division , and went on to achieve their first promotion after securing a third-place finish in 1962-63 . Immediately relegated , they were promoted again in 1967-68 , but again lasted just one season in the Third Division . Crewe spent 20 years struggling in the fourth tier , being forced to apply for re-election on seven occasions , before their fortunes were revived under manager Dario Gradi , who secured promotion at the end of the 1988-89 campaign ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Adelaide", "text": "Adelaide ( /ˈædəleɪd/ ( listen ) AD-ə-layd ) is the capital city of the state of South Australia , and the fifth-most populous city of Australia . The demonym Adelaidean is used to denote the city and the residents of Adelaide . Adelaide is situated on the Adelaide Plains north of the Fleurieu Peninsula , between the Gulf St Vincent in the west and the Mount Lofty Ranges in the east . Its metropolitan area extends 20 km ( 12 mi ) from the coast to the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges , and stretches 96 km ( 60 mi ) from Gawler in the north to Sellicks Beach in the south . Named in honour of Queen Adelaide , consort to King William IV , the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for the only freely-settled British province in Australia . Colonel William Light , one of Adelaide 's founding fathers , designed the city centre and chose its location close to the River Torrens , in the area originally inhabited by the Kaurna people and known as Tarndanyangga ( place of the red kangaroo ) . Light 's design , now listed as national heritage , set out the city centre in a grid layout , interspaced by wide boulevards and large public squares , and entirely surrounded by parklands . Early colonial Adelaide was shaped by the diversity and wealth of its free settlers , in contrast to the convict history of other Australian cities . Until the post-war era , it was Australia 's third-largest city . It has been noted for its leading examples of religious freedom and progressive political reforms , and became known as the City of Churches due to its diversity of faiths . Today , Adelaide is noted for its many festivals and sporting events , its food and wine , its coastline and hills , and its large defence and manufacturing sectors . Adelaide 's quality of life has ranked consistently highly in various measures through the 21st century ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oldham_Methodist_Church", "text": "The Oldham Methodist Church is a historic church at Main Street and Epton Avenue in Oldham , South Dakota . It was built in 1914 and was added to the National Register in 1987 . It has an L-shaped plan with a bell tower rising from the intersection of its two gables . It was deemed notable as a rare , practically uncorrupted example of the L-shaped form in its pure state . Other original features include Gothic arched window and door openings , decorative bargeboard , hardwood interior appointments and furniture , lighting fixtures , and a pressed-metal ceiling ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leimakhong", "text": "Leimakhong is a town in the ISadar Hills Kangpokpi district of Manipur , India , 2nd headquarter of northeast . According to the 2011 census , the town had a population of 3544 . There is an Indian military hospital located in Leimakhong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Onion", "text": "The onion ( Allium cepa L. , from Latin cepa onion ) , also known as the bulb onion or common onion , is a vegetable that is the most widely cultivated species of the genus Allium . Its close relatives include the garlic , shallot , leek , chive , and Chinese onion . This genus also contains several other species variously referred to as onions and cultivated for food , such as the Japanese bunching onion ( Allium fistulosum ) , the tree onion ( A . ×proliferum ) , and the Canada onion ( Allium canadense ) . The name wild onion is applied to a number of Allium species , but A. cepa is exclusively known from cultivation . Its ancestral wild original form is not known , although escapes from cultivation have become established in some regions . The onion is most frequently a biennial or a perennial plant , but is usually treated as an annual and harvested in its first growing season . The onion plant has a fan of hollow , bluish-green leaves and its bulb at the base of the plant begins to swell when a certain day-length is reached . The bulbs are composed of shortened , compressed , underground stems surrounded by fleshy modified scale ( leaves ) that envelop a central bud at the tip of the stem . In the autumn ( or in spring , in the case of overwintering onions ) , the foliage dies down and the outer layers of the bulb become dry and brittle . The crop is harvested and dried and the onions are ready for use or storage . The crop is prone to attack by a number of pests and diseases , particularly the onion fly , the onion eelworm , and various fungi cause rotting ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fishing_Cactus", "text": "Epistory - Typing Chronicles is a 2016 action-adventure , typing video game by Fishing Cactus . The game was released on Steam Early Access in September 2015 and was officially released on March 30 , 2016 , for Linux , Microsoft Windows , and OS X . In the game , a young girl rides a fox with three tails . The game 's story follows a writer 's writing process , which unfolds like paper on-screen and is narrated from the perspective of the writer 's internal thoughts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mandy_Wötzel", "text": "Mandy Wötzel ( born 21 July 1973 ) is a German former pair skater who represented East Germany and later Germany in international competition . With partner Ingo Steuer , she is the 1998 Olympic bronze medalist , the 1997 World champion , the 1995 European champion , and a four-time German national champion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bandai", "text": "Bandai Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社バンダイ , Kabushiki-gaisha Bandai ) is a Japanese toy maker and a producer of many plastic model kits as well as a former video game company . It was the world 's third-largest producer of toys in 2008 after Mattel and Hasbro . Some ex-Bandai group companies produce anime and tokusatsu programs . Its headquarters is located in Taitō , Tokyo ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deportivo_Cali", "text": "Asociación Deportivo Cali , best known as Deportivo Cali , is a Colombian sports club based in Cali , most notable for its football team , which currently competes in the Categoría Primera A. Deportivo Cali is one of the most successful football teams in Colombia , having won nine domestic league championships , one Copa Colombia and one Superliga Colombiana , for eleven titles . Their stadium , Estadio Deportivo Cali , with an original capacity of 61,890 , is the largest football stadium in Colombia and was officially inaugurated on 19 November 2008 . In 2010 its capacity was reduced to 55,000 people due to renovations . Deportivo Cali 's old home stadium was Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero , with a capacity of 43,130 . Deportivo Cali is the only Colombian football club that owns its own stadium . It was also the first Colombian team to reach the final of Copa Libertadores in 1978 . In 2016 , Forbes listed Deportivo Cali as the 36th most valuable team of America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1985_in_film", "text": "The following is an overview of events in 1985 in film , including the highest-grossing films , award ceremonies and festivals , a list of films released and notable deaths ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tredegar", "text": "Tredegar ( pronounced /trɪˈdiːɡər/ , Welsh : [ trɛˈdeːɡar ] ) is a town and community situated on the banks of the Sirhowy River in the county borough of Blaenau Gwent , in the southeast of Wales . Within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire , it became an early centre of the Industrial Revolution in Wales . The historic Tredegar Iron Works in Richmond , Virginia , United States was named in honour of the town . The relevant wards ( Tredegar Central and West , Sirhowy and Georgetown ) collectively listed the town 's population as 15,103 in the UK 2011 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hudson_Bay", "text": "Hudson Bay ( Inuktitut : Kangiqsualuk ilua , French : baie d'Hudson ) ( sometimes called Hudson 's Bay , usually historically ) is a large body of saltwater in northeastern Canada with a surface area of 1,230,000 km2 ( 470,000 sq mi ) . Although not geographically apparent , it is for climatic reasons considered to be a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean . It drains a very large area , about 3,861,400 km2 ( 1,490,900 sq mi ) , that includes parts of southeastern Nunavut , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Ontario , Quebec , all of Manitoba and indirectly through smaller passages of water parts of North Dakota , South Dakota , Minnesota , and Montana . Hudson Bay 's southern arm is called James Bay . The Eastern Cree name for Hudson and James Bay is Wînipekw ( Southern dialect ) or Wînipâkw ( Northern dialect ) , meaning muddy or brackish water . Lake Winnipeg is similarly named by the local Cree , as is the location for the city of Winnipeg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stadio_Olimpico", "text": "The Stadio Olimpico is the main and largest sports facility of Rome , Italy . It is located within the Foro Italico sports complex , north of the city . The structure is owned by the Italian National Olympic Committee and it is used primarily for association football . The Stadio Olimpico is the home stadium of Lazio and Roma and also hosts the Coppa Italia final . It was rebuilt for the 1990 FIFA World Cup and it hosted the tournament final . Rated an UEFA category four stadium , it has also hosted four European Cup finals , the most recent being the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final . Outside football , the stadium is used by the Italian national rugby union team and it is Italy 's national athletics stadium . Occasionally , it hosts concerts and events ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_Colony_Inn", "text": "The First Colony Inn , also known as LeRoy 's Seaside Inn , First Colony Motor Inn , First Colony Apartments , and Colony Beach Inn , is a historic hotel building located at Nags Head , Dare County , North Carolina . It was designed by Willis Leigh and built by Frank Benton It first opened in 1932 as LeRoy 's Seaside Inn , by Henry LeRoy of Elizabeth City , North Carolina . The inn is a 2 1/2-story , balloon frame building in the vernacular Shingle Style . The building is divided into three equal sections ( approximately 25 feet by 60 feet each ) separated by open breezeways and arranged in an H-shaped configuration . Surrounding the building is a two-story engaged verandah . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cincinnati_Bengals", "text": "The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional American football franchise based in Cincinnati , Ohio . The Bengals compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) North division . Their home stadium is Paul Brown Stadium , located in downtown Cincinnati . Their divisional opponents are the Baltimore Ravens , Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers . The Bengals were founded in 1966 as a member of the American Football League ( AFL ) by former Cleveland Browns head coach Paul Brown , and began play in the 1968 season . Brown was the Bengals ' head coach from their inception to 1975 . After being dismissed as the Browns ' head coach by Art Modell ( who had purchased majority interest in the team in 1961 ) in January 1963 , Brown had shown interest in establishing another NFL franchise in Ohio and looked at both Cincinnati and Columbus . He ultimately chose the former when a deal between the city , Hamilton County , and Major League Baseball 's Cincinnati Reds ( who were seeking a replacement for the obsolete Crosley Field ) was struck that resulted in an agreement to build a multipurpose stadium which could host both baseball and football games . Due to the impending merger of the AFL and the NFL , which was scheduled to take full effect in the 1970 season , Brown agreed to join the AFL as its tenth and final franchise . The Bengals , like the other former AFL teams , were assigned to the AFC following the merger . Cincinnati was also selected because , like their neighbors the Reds , they could draw from several large neighboring cities ( Louisville and Lexington , Kentucky ; Columbus , Dayton , and Springfield , Ohio ) that are all no more than 110 miles ( 180 km ) away from downtown Cincinnati , along with Indianapolis , until the Baltimore Colts relocated there prior to the 1984 NFL season . The Bengals won the AFC championship in 1981 and 1988 , but lost Super Bowls XVI and XXIII to the San Francisco 49ers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ISU_Minidome", "text": "Holt Arena is an indoor multi-purpose athletic stadium in the western United States , located on the campus of Idaho State University in Pocatello , Idaho . It is the home field of the Idaho State Bengals of the Big Sky Conference and sits at an elevation of 4,560 feet ( 1,390 m ) above sea level ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Arizona", "text": "Arizona ( /ˌærɪˈzoʊnə/ ( listen ) ; Navajo : Hoozdo Hahoodzo Navajo pronunciation : [ xòːztò xɑ̀xòːtsò ] ; O'odham : Alĭ ṣonak Uto-Aztecan pronunciation : [ ˡaɺi ˡʂonak ] ) is a state in the southwestern region of the United States . It is also part of the Western and the Mountain states . It is the 6th largest and the 14th most populous of the 50 states . Its capital and largest city is Phoenix . Arizona shares the Four Corners region with Utah , Colorado , and New Mexico ; its other neighboring states are Nevada and California to the west and the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California to the south and southwest . Arizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union , achieving statehood on February 14 , 1912 , coinciding with Valentine 's Day . Historically part of the territory of Alta California in New Spain , it became part of independent Mexico in 1821 . After being defeated in the Mexican-American War , Mexico ceded much of this territory to the United States in 1848 . The southernmost portion of the state was acquired in 1853 through the Gadsden Purchase . Southern Arizona is known for its desert climate , with very hot summers and mild winters . Northern Arizona features forests of pine , Douglas fir , and spruce trees ; the Colorado Plateau ; mountain ranges ( such as the San Francisco Mountains ) ; as well as large , deep canyons , with much more moderate summer temperatures and significant winter snowfalls . There are ski resorts in the areas of Flagstaff , Alpine , and Tucson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Riverhurst_Ferry", "text": "The Riverhurst Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The ferry carries Highway 42 across Lake Diefenbaker , linking Riverhurst on the east bank to Lucky Lake on the west bank . The ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure , and travels a distance of some 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) . The ferry is free of tolls and operates 24 hours a day . During daylight hours , there is an hourly crossing departing from the east bank on the hour and the west bank on the half-hour . At night , the ferry operates on demand . The ferry operates only during the ice-free season ; during the winter months , the provincial government lays out and maintains an ice road across the lake . The Riverhurst Ferry is Saskatchewans largest ferry , with a length of 35.6 metres ( 117 ft ) , a width of 14 metres ( 46 ft ) , and a load limit 90.7 tonnes ( 89.3 long tons ; 100.0 short tons ) . It carries a maximum off fifteen cars on each crossing . It is powered by a computer-controlled engine and powers a central drive cable . There are three guide cables , two mounted one foot from the left and right sides , and a middle cable running underneath the hull . In 2003 , the Riverhurst Ferry was renovated , with additions of a new drive system , control tower and passenger areas , including restrooms and a small lounge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lois_Comes_Out_of_Her_Shell", "text": "Lois Comes Out of Her Shell is the sixth episode of the eleventh season and the 194th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy . It originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 25 , 2012 , and is written by Danny Smith and directed by Joe Vaux . In the episode , Lois has a midlife crisis leaving Peter desperately trying to keep up with her . Meanwhile , Stewie adopts a turtle from the park , but the turtle is determined to kill Stewie ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenny_Yuko", "text": "Kenny Yuko ( born August 1 , 1950 ) is a Democratic member of the Ohio Senate , representing the 25th District . Previously he was a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 7th District from 2005 to 2012 . Prior to his time in the legislature , Yuko was a political and union activist for more than two decades ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Teddy_Bridgewater", "text": "Theodore Edmond Bridgewater Jr. ( born November 10 , 1992 ) is an American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at the University of Louisville , and was drafted in the first round of the 2014 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings , with whom he made a Pro Bowl appearance ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle_Storm", "text": "The Seattle Storm are an American professional basketball team based in Seattle , Washington , playing in the Western Conference in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . The team was founded by Ginger Ackerley and her husband Barry ahead of the 2000 season . The team is currently owned by Force 10 Hoops LLC , which is composed of three Seattle businesswomen : Dawn Trudeau , Lisa Brummel , and Ginny Gilder . The Storm has qualified for the WNBA Playoffs in twelve of its seventeen years in Seattle . The franchise has been home to many high-quality players such as former UConn stars Sue Bird , Swin Cash , and Breanna Stewart ; 2004 Finals MVP Betty Lennox ; and Australian power forward Lauren Jackson , a three-time league MVP . In 2004 , 2010 , and 2018 , the Storm went to the WNBA Finals ; they 've won every time , beating the Sun in 2004 , the Dream in 2010 , and the Mystics in 2018 . Of the teams that have been to the Finals , they are one of two who have never lost a Finals series ; the defunct Houston Comets are the other . The team cultivates a fan-friendly , family environment at home games by having an all-kid dance squad , which leads young fans in a conga line on the court during time-outs , to the music of C'mon N ' Ride It ( The Train ) by the Quad City DJ 's . Named for the rainy weather of Seattle , the team uses many weather-related icons : the team mascot is Doppler , a maroon-furred creature with a cup anemometer on its head ; the theme song for Storm home games is AC/DC 's Thunderstruck ; and its newsletter is called Stormwatch . The Storm was the sister team of the Seattle SuperSonics of the NBA prior to February 28 , 2008 , when the team was sold to Force 10 Hoops LLC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dunklin_County,_Missouri", "text": "Dunklin County is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 31,953 . The largest city and county seat is Kennett . The county was officially organized on February 14 , 1845 , and is named in honor of Daniel Dunklin , a Governor of Missouri who died the year before the county was organized . Dunklin County comprises the Kennett , MO Micropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Messiah_(BBC_series)", "text": "Messiah is a British television drama series , broadcast on the BBC One network and produced in-house by BBC Northern Ireland , although the series itself is set in England . Made up of a series of occasional serials , the first , with two parts subtitled The First Killings & The Reckoning , was broadcast in 2001 . It has been followed by Messiah 2 : Vengeance is Mine ( 2003 ) , Messiah III : The Promise ( 2004 ) , Messiah IV : The Harrowing ( 2005 ) and most recently Messiah V : The Rapture ( 2008 ) . The original production was based on a novel by Boris Starling : the subsequent instalments have been written directly for television . Starling has a cameo as a murder victim 's corpse in the first serial . A crime series , it follows the investigations of DCI Red Metcalfe , who often investigates particularly gruesome murders . Metcalfe is played by Scottish actor Ken Stott , and the other main regulars in the series are Kate Beauchamp ( Frances Grey ) , Duncan Warren ( Neil Dudgeon ) and Metcalfe 's wife Susan ( Michelle Forbes ) . The deafness of Forbes ' character necessitated both her and Stott learning British Sign Language for their characters ' frequent exchanges ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Getting_Gertie's_Garter", "text": "Getting Gertie 's Garter is a 1945 American slapstick comedy film written and directed by Allan Dwan , and starring Dennis O'Keefe , Marie McDonald , and Barry Sullivan . The film is based on the 1921 play of the same name by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood . The play was previously adapted for the screen as a silent film released in 1927 by Metropolitan Pictures and starred Marie Prevost and Charles Ray ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_14-AT", "text": "The Ford Trimotor ( also called the Tri-Motor , and nicknamed The Tin Goose ) is an American three-engined transport aircraft . Production started in 1925 by the companies of Henry Ford and ended on June 7 , 1933 . A total of 199 Ford Trimotors were made . It was designed for the civil aviation market , but also saw service with military units ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Samir_Toplak", "text": "Samir Toplak ( born 23 April 1970 ) is a Croatian football manager and a former professional player . He currently manages Inter Zaprešić . Toplak was born in Varaždin and spent most of his playing and managerial career in his hometown club NK Varteks ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forestiere_Underground_Gardens", "text": "The Forestiere Underground Gardens , located at 5021 West Shaw Avenue in Fresno , California , are a series of subterranean structures built by Baldasare Forestiere , an immigrant from Sicily , over a period of 40 years from 1906 to his death in 1946 . The gardens are operated by members of the Forestiere family through the Forestiere Historical Center , and can be considered a spectacular and unconventional example of vernacular architecture . The catalyst for the construction of the underground abode was a result of the hot summers typical of the Fresno area . The inspiration lends itself to ancient Roman catacombs that Baldasare was infatuated with in his youth . Countless hours were spent excavating the hardpan layer that cements much of Fresno 's soil to create his underground home . It had a summer bedroom , a winter bedroom , a bath , a functional kitchen , a fish pond , and a parlor with a fireplace . Interspersed amongst the beautiful stone walls and archways are grottoes and courtyards that allow for pockets of light . The intricate pathways were created section by section , over a span of 10 acres , without the aid of blueprints ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Margery_Hinton", "text": "Margery Hinton ( 25 June 1915 - February 1996 ) was an English breaststroke and freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics , 1932 Summer Olympics , and 1936 Summer Olympics . She was born in Manchester . In 1928 she was eliminated in the first round of the 200-metre breaststroke event . At these Games she was the youngest member of the Great Britain team . Four years later she finished fourth the 200-metre breaststroke competition . At the 1936 Games she was eliminated in the first round of the 100-metre freestyle event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Aerospace_engineering", "text": "Aerospace engineering is the primary field of engineering concerned with the development of aircraft and spacecraft . It has two major and overlapping branches : aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering . Avionics engineering is similar , but deals with the electronics side of aerospace engineering . Aeronautical engineering was the original term for the field . As flight technology advanced to include vehicles operating in outer space , the broader term aerospace engineering has come into common use . Aerospace engineering , particularly the astronautics branch , is often colloquially referred to as rocket science ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blake_Griffin", "text": "Blake Austin Griffin ( born March 16 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Oklahoma Sooners , when he was named the Consensus National Player of the Year as a sophomore . Griffin was selected first overall by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 2009 NBA draft , and has since been a six-time NBA All-Star and a five-time All-NBA selection . Griffin won four high school state titles at Oklahoma Christian School under his father , head coach Tommy Griffin . Griffin played two seasons of college basketball for the Sooners before entering the 2009 NBA draft , when he was selected by the Clippers . During the final pre-season game of 2009 , he broke his left kneecap , had surgery , and missed the entire 2009-10 season . Griffin made his NBA debut as a rookie the following season , in which he was selected as an All-Star , won the NBA Slam Dunk Contest , and was named the NBA Rookie of the Year . In 2011 , Sports Illustrated called him one of the NBA 's 15 Greatest Rookies of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Armond_Budish", "text": "Armond D. Budish ( born 1953 ) is an American politician currently serving in his second term as Cuyahoga County Executive . A member of the Democratic Party , he was a four-term Ohio State Representative ( 8th district ) , and served as Speaker of the House from 2009 to 2011 . He was the first Jewish representative to hold that office . He was re-elected to the House in 2010 and 2012 , and thereafter was term-limited . Before his entry into politics in 2006 , he was an attorney specializing in consumer and elder law with Budish , Solomon , Steiner & Peck , and hosted a weekly Sunday morning senior issues TV program titled Golden Opportunities on Cleveland NBC affiliate WKYC channel 3 . He resides in Beachwood , Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Leevan_Sands", "text": "Leevan Sands ( born August 16 , 1981 Nassau ) is a Bahamian triple jumper . His personal best jump is 17.59 metres , achieved in 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing . This is the current Bahamian record and won a bronze medal . He also won bronze medals at the 2003 World Championships and 2002 Commonwealth Games . He went to High School at Florida Air Academy He was suspended from March 2006 to September 2006 for testing positive on the prohibited substance levomethamphetamine . Sands competed for the Bahamas in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , but he did not qualify for the finals . He was the flag bearer for the closing ceremonies . Sands is the cousin of hurdler Shamar Sands who is also the Bahamian record holder in his event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yenebier_Guillen", "text": "Yenebier Adelina Guillén Benítez ( born December 8 , 1986 ) is a Dominican boxer who competes as a 75 kilogram middleweight , Pan American Champion and Female Boxer in 2013 and Silver medal at the 2011 Pan American Games . She also won the gold medal at the 2008 Central American and Caribbean Championship , 2013 Bolivarian Games and 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Charlotte_Mühe", "text": "Charlotte Lotte Mühe ( January 24 , 1910 in Uelzen - January 10 , 1981 in Magdeburg ) was a German swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics . In the 1928 Olympics she won a bronze medal in the 200 m breaststroke event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tariku_Bekele", "text": "Tariku Bekele ( Amharic : ታሪኩ በቀለ ; born 28 February 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner , who specializes in the 5000 metres and has moved up to 10000 metres as well . He is the younger brother of Kenenisa Bekele . He is the fourth fastest Ethiopian ever over 5000 m and 3000 metres . His indoor 3000 m best of 7:31.09 ranks him as the ninth fastest of all-time in the event . He was the 10,000 m bronze medallist at the 2012 Summer Olympics . His first major victory came at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships , where he won the 3000 m gold medal . He was the 2006 World Junior Champion over the distance and also won a cross country junior bronze medal that year . He took a continental silver medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games . Tariku has finished in the top eight of 5000 m finals at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the World Championships in Athletics in 2005 and 2007 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Cruz_Beach_Boardwalk", "text": "The Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk is an oceanfront amusement park in Santa Cruz , California . Founded in 1907 , it is California 's oldest surviving amusement park and one of the few seaside parks on the West Coast of the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/List_of_United_States_Senators_from_South_Carolina", "text": "South Carolina ratified the United States Constitution on May 23 , 1788 . Its Senate seats were declared vacant in July 1861 owing to its secession from the Union . They were again filled from July 1868 . The state 's current U.S. senators are Republicans Lindsey Graham , serving since 2003 , and Tim Scott , serving since 2013 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Matt_Hamilton_(curler)", "text": "Matthew Hamilton ( born February 19 , 1989 ) is an American curler . Hamilton currently plays second for the Duluth , Minnesota-based John Shuster rink ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belmont,_North_Carolina", "text": "Belmont is a small suburban city in Gaston County , North Carolina , United States , located about 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of uptown Charlotte and 9 miles ( 14 km ) east of Gastonia . The population was 10,076 at the 2010 census . Once known as Garibaldi Station , the name change for Belmont is disputed . Some say it was named for a prominent New York banker - August Belmont . Others contend the Pope ordered the abbot of the monastery to change the name since he would not tolerate an abbey in a place that bore the Garibaldi name . The abbot could see Crowder 's mountain from the property and named the town Belmont - beautiful mountain . Belmont is home to Belmont Abbey College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Emperor's_New_Clothes_(2001_film)", "text": "The Emperor 's New Clothes is a 2001 British historical drama film that was adapted from Simon Leys ' novel The Death of Napoleon . Directed by Alan Taylor , the film stars Ian Holm as Napoleon ( his third performance as that person , after Napoleon and Love and Time Bandits ) and Eugene Lenormand , a Napoleon look-alike , Iben Hjejle as Nicole 'Pumpkin ' Truchaut and Tim McInnerny as Dr. Lambert . The plot re-invents the ( secret ) history surrounding Napoleon Bonaparte 's exile to St. Helena following his defeat at Waterloo . Although set in Paris , the film was mostly shot in Turin , Italy . In 2002 , it won the Audience Award for Best International Feature Film at the Florida Film Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stick_Man", "text": "Stick Man written by former Children 's Laureate , Julia Donaldson , and illustrated by Axel Scheffler is a children 's story about an anthropomorphic wooden stick who becomes separated from his family home and his Odyssey-like adventure to return there . He is eventually reunited with his family in the family tree as a result of his interaction with Father Christmas . It takes place in England . Stick Man has sold over 2 million copies worldwide and has been adapted into a short animated film and a successful stage play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mthatha", "text": "Mthatha /əmˈtɑːtɑː/ ( listen ) , or Umtata , is the main town of the King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality in Eastern Cape province of South Africa and the capital of OR Tambo District Municipality . The town has an airport , previously known by the name K. D. Matanzima Airport after former leader Kaiser Matanzima . Mthatha derives its name from the nearby Mthatha River which was named after the Sneezewood ( umtati ) trees , famous for their wood and medicinal properties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Edwards_(Arkansas)", "text": "John Edwards ( October 24 , 1815 - April 8 , 1894 ) was an American Civil War brigadier general in the Union Army , an American politician and a U.S. Representative from Arkansas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeonju", "text": "Jeonju ( Korean pronunciation : [ tɕʌn.dʑu ] ) is the 16th largest city in South Korea and the capital of North Jeolla Province . It is both urban and rural due to the closeness of Wanju County which almost entirely surrounds Jeonju ( Wanju County has many residents who work in Jeonju ) . The name Jeonju literally means Perfect Region ( from the hanja 全 ( 전 ; jeon ) for perfect , 州 ( 주 ; ju ) for region ) . It is an important tourist center famous for Korean food , historic buildings , sports activities , and innovative festivals . In May 2012 , Jeonju was chosen as a Creative Cities for Gastronomy as part of UNESCO 's Creative Cities Network . This honour recognizes the city 's traditional home cooking handed down over thousands of years , its active public and private food research , a system of nurturing talented chefs , and its hosting of distinctive food festivals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bolongongo", "text": "Bolongongo is a town and municipality in Cuanza Norte Province in Angola ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States", "text": "The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1983_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1983 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 10-12 , 1983 at Reunion Arena in Dallas , TX . The first round took place on March 7 at the higher seeded campus sites . Number 1 seed Houston defeated 5 seed TCU 62-59 to win their 3rd championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1983 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sierra_Leone", "text": "Sierra Leone ( /siˌɛrə liˈoʊn ( i ) / ( listen ) , also UK : /siˌɛərə -/ , US : /ˌsɪərə -/ ) , officially the Republic of Sierra Leone , informally Salone , is a country on the southwest coast of West Africa . It is bordered by Liberia to the southeast and Guinea to the northeast . Sierra Leone has a tropical climate , with a diverse environment ranging from savanna to rainforests , and a total area of 71,740 km2 ( 27,699 sq mi ) and a population of 7,075,641 as of the 2015 census . The capital and largest city is Freetown . Sierra Leone is divided into five administrative regions , which are further subdivided into sixteen districts . Sierra Leone was a British Crown Colony from 1808 to April 27 , 1961 , when it achieved independence from Britain as Milton Margai became the country 's first Prime Minister . Milton Margai 's political party , the Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) , under the leadership of Albert Margai , narrowly lost the 1967 Sierra Leone parliamentary elections to the main opposition party , the All People 's Congress ( APC ) , led by Siaka Stevens . Stevens , a political strongman , ruled Sierra Leone from 1967 to 1985 when he retired from politics due to poor health . On 19 April 1971 , Stevens ' government abolished Sierra Leone 's parliamentary government system and declared Sierra Leone a presidential republic . From 1978 to 1985 , president Stevens APC party was the only legal political party in Sierra Leone . The current multiparty democratic constitution of Sierra Leone was adopted in 1991 by the government of President Joseph Saidu Momoh , Stevens ' hand picked successor , just as the rebel group Revolutionary United Front , led by former imprisoned Sierra Leone army officer Foday Sankoh , launched a brutal civil war in the country . On 29 April 1992 , a group of Junior soldiers in the Sierra Leone Army led by a 25 year old Captain Valentine Strasser overthrew President Momoh , and Sierra Leone was under Military rule from 1992 to 1996 during the civil war ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Siamese_fighting_fish", "text": "The Siamese fighting fish ( Betta splendens ) , also known as the betta , is a popular fish in the aquarium trade . Bettas are a member of the gourami family and are known to be highly territorial . Males in particular are prone to high levels of aggression and will attack each other if housed in the same tank . If there is no means of escape , this will usually result in the death of one or both of the fish . Female bettas can also become territorial towards each other if they are housed in too small an aquarium . It is typically not recommended to keep male and female bettas together , except temporarily for breeding purposes which should always be undertaken with caution . This species is native to the Mekong basin of Thailand , Laos , Cambodia , and Vietnam and is mostly concentrated in the Chao Phraya river in Thailand . The fish can be found in standing waters of canals , rice paddies and floodplains . It is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN . On 5 February 2019 , Thailand 's council of ministers confirmed Siamese fighting fish as Thailand 's national aquatic animal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tashkent_International_Airport", "text": "Islam Karimov Tashkent International Airport ( Uzbek : Islom Karimov Toshkent Xalqaro Aeroporti - ( IATA : TAS , ICAO : UTTT ) ) is the main international airport of Uzbekistan and the 3rd busiest airport in Central Asia ( after Almaty International Airport and Nursultan Nazarbayev International Airport in Kazakhstan ) . It is located 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) from the center of Tashkent ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chief_Secretary_to_the_Treasury", "text": "The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is the third most senior ministerial position in HM Treasury , after the First Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer . It was created in 1961 , to share the burden of representing the Treasury with the Chancellor of the Exchequer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Goalkeeper_(association_football)", "text": "The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christian_martyr", "text": "A martyr is a person who was killed because of their testimony of Jesus and God . In years of the early church , this often occurred through death by sawing , stoning , crucifixion , burning at the stake or other forms of torture and capital punishment . The word martyr comes from the Koine word - > μάρτυς , mártys , which means witness or testimony . At first , the term applied to Apostles . Once Christians started to undergo persecution , the term came to be applied to those who suffered hardships for their faith . Finally , it was restricted to those who had been killed for their faith . The early Christian period before Constantine I was the Age of martyrs . Early Christians venerated martyrs as powerful intercessors , and their utterances were treasured as inspired by the Holy Spirit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hermes_F.C.", "text": "Hermes Junior Football Club are a Scottish football club from Bridge of Don , an area of the city of Aberdeen . Founded in 1968 by pupils of Robert Gordon 's College , the club initially played at amateur level before becoming members of the Scottish Junior Football Association in 1993 . They currently play in the SJFA North Superleague and their home ground is Uniconn Park . The club are so named after a founder member saw an advert in a magazine for a Hermes 2000 typewriter . The club finished as champions in 2011-12 season , winning the SJFA North Region Superleague title for the first time . Hermes set a new SJFA Superleague points record of 73 points during the championship winning season , the previous record being held by Formartine United . Hermes were undefeated at home and only lost one game all season . The top goalscorer for the season was Marek Madle ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alan_Coren", "text": "Alan Coren ( 27 June 1938 - 18 October 2007 ) was an English humourist , writer and satirist who was well known as a regular panellist on the BBC radio quiz The News Quiz and a team captain on BBC television 's Call My Bluff . Coren was also a journalist , and for almost a decade was the editor of Punch magazine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Surrey_Memorial_Hospital", "text": "Surrey Memorial Hospital ( SMH ) is a publicly funded hospital owned and operated by Fraser Health in the city of Surrey , British Columbia , Canada adjacent to King George Boulevard ."}
{"title": "/wiki/S.C._Caronnese_A.S.D.", "text": "Società Calcistica Caronnese S.S.D. , is an Italian association football club located in Caronno Pertusella , Lombardy . It currently plays in Serie D ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wavenumber", "text": "In the physical sciences , the wavenumber ( also wave number or repetency ) is the spatial frequency of a wave , measured in cycles per unit distance or radians per unit distance . Whereas temporal frequency can be thought of as the number of waves per unit time , wavenumber is the number of waves per unit distance . In multidimensional systems , the wavenumber is the magnitude of the wave vector . The space of wave vectors is called reciprocal space . Wave numbers and wave vectors play an essential role in optics and the physics of wave scattering , such as X-ray diffraction , neutron diffraction , and elementary particle physics . For quantum mechanical waves , the wavenumber multiplied by the reduced Planck 's constant is the canonical momentum . Wavenumber can be used to specify quantities other than spatial frequency . In optical spectroscopy , it is often used as a unit of temporal frequency assuming a certain speed of light ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bethel_African_Methodist_Episcopal_Church_(Batesville,_Arkansas)", "text": "The Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 895 Oak Street in Batesville , Arkansas . It is a single-story sandstone structure , with a gable roof and a projecting square tower at the front . The tower rises in stone to a hipped skirt , above which is a wood-frame belfry , which is topped by a shallow-pitch pyramidal roof . The main entrance is set in the base of the tower , inside a round-arch opening . Built in 1881 , it is the oldest surviving church building in the city . The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Great_Nicobar", "text": "Great Nicobar is the southernmost and largest of the Nicobar Islands of India , north of Sumatra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1950_Minnesota_Golden_Gophers_football_team", "text": "The 1950 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team represented the University of Minnesota in the 1950 Big Nine Conference football season . In their 16th year under head coach Bernie Bierman , the Golden Gophers compiled a 1-7-1 record and were outscored by their opponents by a combined total of 196 to 79 . Wayne Robinson was awarded the Team MVP Award . Total attendance for the season was 267,015 , which averaged to 53,403 . The season high for attendance was against Iowa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juventus_F.C.", "text": "Juventus Football Club ( from Latin : iuventūs , youth ; Italian pronunciation : [ juˈvɛntus ] ) , colloquially known as Juve ( pronounced [ ˈjuːve ] ) , is an Italian professional association football club based in Turin , Piedmont . Founded in 1897 by a group of Torinese students , the club has worn a black and white striped home kit since 1903 and has played home matches in different grounds around its city , the latest being the 41,507-capacity Juventus Stadium . Nicknamed Vecchia Signora ( the Old Lady ) , the club has won 35 official league titles , 13 Coppa Italia titles and eight Supercoppa Italiana titles , being the record holder for all these competitions ; two Intercontinental Cups , two European Cups / UEFA Champions Leagues , one European Cup Winners ' Cup , a joint national record of three UEFA Cups , two UEFA Super Cups and a joint national record of one UEFA Intertoto Cup . Consequently , the side leads the historical Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio ( FIGC ) ranking [ a ] whilst on the international stage occupies the 5th position in Europe and the eleventh in the world for most confederation titles won with eleven trophies , having led the UEFA ranking during seven seasons since its inception in 1979 , the most for an Italian team and joint second overall . Founded with the name of Sport-Club Juventus , initially as an athletics club , it is the second oldest of its kind still active in the country after Genoa 's football section ( 1893 ) and has competed uninterruptedly in the top flight league ( reformulated as Serie A from 1929 ) since its debut in 1900 after changing its name to Foot-Ball Club Juventus , with the exception of the 2006-07 season , being managed by the industrial Agnelli family almost continuously since 1923 . [ b ] The relationship between the club and that dynasty is the oldest and longest in national sports , making Juventus the first professional sporting club ante litteram in the country , having established itself as a major force in the national stage since the 1930s and at confederation level since the mid-1970s and becoming one of the first ten wealthiest in world football in terms of value , revenue and profit since the mid-1990s , being listed on the Borsa italiana since 2001 . Under the management of Giovanni Trapattoni , the club won 13 trophies in the ten years before 1986 , including six league titles and five international titles , and became the first to win all three seasonal competitions organised by the Union of European Football Associations : the 1976-77 UEFA Cup ( first Southern European side to do so ) , the 1983-84 Cup Winners ' Cup and the 1984-85 European Champions ' Cup . With successive triumphs in the 1984 European Super Cup and 1985 Intercontinental Cup , it became the first and thus far only in the world to complete a clean sweep of all confederation trophies ; an achievement that they revalidated with the title won in the 1999 UEFA Intertoto Cup after another successful era led by Marcello Lippi , becoming in addition the only professional Italian club to have won every ongoing honour available to the first team and organised by a national or international football association . In December 2000 , Juventus was ranked seventh in the FIFA 's historic ranking of the best clubs in the world and nine years later was ranked second best club in Europe during the 20th Century based on a statistical study series by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics ( IFFHS ) , the highest for an Italian club in both . The club 's fan base is the largest at national level and one of the largest worldwide . Unlike most European sporting supporters ' groups , which are often concentrated around their own club 's city of origin , it is widespread throughout the whole country and the Italian diaspora , making Juventus a symbol of anticampanilismo ( anti-parochialism ) and italianità ( Italianness ) . Juventus players have won eight Ballon d'Or awards , four of these in consecutive years ( 1982-1985 , an overall record ) , among these the first player representing Serie A , Omar Sívori , as well as Michel Platini and three of the five recipients with Italian nationality as the former member of the youth sector Paolo Rossi ; they have also won four FIFA World Player of the Year awards , with winners as Roberto Baggio and Zinédine Zidane , a national record and third and joint second highest overall , respectively , in the cited prizes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dennis_Quaid", "text": "Dennis William Quaid ( born April 9 , 1954 ) is an American actor known for a wide variety of dramatic and comedic roles . First gaining widespread attention in the 1980s , some of his notable credits include Breaking Away ( 1979 ) , The Right Stuff ( 1983 ) , The Big Easy ( 1986 ) , Innerspace ( 1987 ) , Great Balls of Fire ! ( 1989 ) , Dragonheart ( 1996 ) , The Parent Trap ( 1998 ) , Frequency ( 2000 ) , Traffic ( 2000 ) , The Rookie ( 2002 ) , The Day After Tomorrow ( 2004 ) , Vantage Point ( 2008 ) , Footloose ( 2011 ) , Soul Surfer ( 2011 ) , and The Intruder ( 2019 ) . For his role in Far from Heaven ( 2002 ) , he won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actor among other accolades ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Rasheed_SC", "text": "Al-Rasheed Sports Club ( Arabic : نادي الرشيد الرياضي ) was an Iraqi sports club based in Karkh , Baghdad . Its professional football team played in the Iraqi Premier League , the top tier of the Iraqi football , from 1984 until 1990 . The club 's home stadium was Al-Karkh Stadium ( then known as Al-Rasheed Stadium ) . Founded in 1983 by Uday Hussein , the son of Saddam Hussein , Al-Rasheed were promoted to the top tier in their first season of existence and went on to win 3 league titles in the row , 2 FA Cups , 3 Arab Champions Cup titles , and reach the final of the 1988-89 Asian Club Championship . In 1990 , the club was dissolved and all its properties as well as its place in the top division were transferred to Al-Karkh SC ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Classic_rock", "text": "Classic rock is a radio format which developed from the album-oriented rock ( AOR ) format in the early 1980s . In the United States , the classic rock format features rock music ranging generally from the mid-1960s to the 1980s , primarily focusing on commercially successful blues rock and hard rock popularized in the 1970s AOR format . The radio format became increasingly popular with the baby boomer demographic by the end of the 1990s . Although classic rock has mostly appealed to adult listeners , music associated with this format received more exposure with younger generations of listeners with the presence of the Internet and digital downloading . Some classic rock stations also play a limited number of current releases which are stylistically consistent with the station 's sound , or by heritage acts that are still active and producing new music . Conceptually , classic rock has been analyzed by academics as an effort by critics , media , and music establishments to canonize rock music and commodify 1960s Western culture for audiences living in a post-baby boomer economy . The music predominantly selected for the format has been identified as commercially successful songs by white male acts from the Anglosphere , expressing values of Romanticism , self-aggrandizement , and politically undemanding ideologies ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elaeagnus_macrophylla", "text": "Elaeagnus macrophylla , the broad-leaved oleaster , is a species of Elaeagnus native to eastern Asia . Elaeagnus × submacrophylla , formerly known as Elaeagnus × ebbingei , is a hybrid between E. macrophylla and E. pungens . The hybrid and its cultivars are grown in gardens as ornamental plants ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lamar_Patterson", "text": "Lamar Patterson ( born August 12 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Brisbane Bullets of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) . He played college basketball for the Pittsburgh Panthers ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santarém,_Pará", "text": "Santarém ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ sɐ̃taˈɾẽj ] ) is a city and municipality in the western part of the state of Pará in Brazil . Located at the confluence of the Tapajós and Amazon Rivers , it has become a popular tourist destination . It is the second-most important city in the state , and the financial and economic center of the western part of the state . It leads the Santarém Metropolitan Area , made up of Santarém , Belterra and Mojuí dos Campos . It was once home to the Tapajós Indians , a tribe of Native Americans after whom the river was named . They were the leaders of a large , agricultural chiefdom that flourished before the arrival of Europeans . It is located some 800 km ( 500 mi ) from the two largest cities in the Brazilian Amazon : Manaus , upriver in the state of Amazonas , and the Pará state capital Belém , located downriver at the mouth of the Amazon on the Atlantic Ocean . Santarém has an estimated population of 299,419 people ( 2012 Census ) , and is the third most populous city of the state . The city occupies an area of 22 887,087 km2² ( 14 304,42 sq mi ) , of which 77 km2 are urban areas . The city was founded by Portuguese colonists in 1661 as New Santarém ( after the city in Portugal ) . It is one of the oldest cities in the Brazilian Amazon . This is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santarém ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Xorazm_Region", "text": "Xorazm Region ( Uzbek : Xorazm viloyati , Хоразм вилояти , خارەزم ۋىلايەتى ) or Khorezm Region as it is still more commonly known , is a viloyat ( region ) of Uzbekistan located in the northwest of the country in the lower reaches of the Amu-Darya River . It borders with Turkmenistan , Karakalpakstan , and Bukhara Region . It covers an area of 6,464 square kilometres ( 2,496 sq mi ) . The population is estimated to be around 1,776,700 , with some 80% living in rural areas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sociedade_Esportiva_Palmeiras", "text": "Palmeiras ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ pawˈmejɾɐs ] ) is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of São Paulo . Founded on 26 August 1914 , as Palestra Italia ( pronounced [ paˌlɛstɾiˈtaliɐ ] ) , but changed to the current name on 14 September 14 , 1942 . It is a popular and successful Brazilian club , with around 18 million supporters and 126,000 affiliated fans , including many Brazilians of Italian ancestry . Despite being primarily an association football team , Palmeiras competes in a number of different sports , most notably football . The football team plays in the Campeonato Paulista , the state of São Paulo 's premier state league , as well as in the Brasileirão Série A , the top tier of the Brazilian football league system . Palmeiras have won 14 national competitions , making it the most successful club inside Brazil . The club 's most important titles are the 1951 Copa Rio international tournament , 1999 Copa Libertadores , 10 Brazilian National League titles ( Campeonato Brasileiro Série A ) , 2 Brasileirão Série B , 3 Brazil Cups ( Copa do Brasil ) , 1 Champions Cup ( Copa dos Campeões ) and the 1998 Copa Mercosul , as well as 5 Interstate titles ( Torneio Rio - São Paulo ) , and 22 State Championship titles ( Campeonato Paulista ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Radom_Governorate", "text": "Radom Governorate ( Russian : Радомская Губерния , Polish : Gubernia radomska ) was a governorate of the Congress Poland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KGFE", "text": "Prairie Public Television is a state network of public television stations operated primarily by Prairie Public Broadcasting . It comprises all of the PBS member stations in the U.S. state of North Dakota . The state network is available via flagship station KFME in Fargo and eight satellite stations covering all of North Dakota , plus portions of Minnesota , Montana , and South Dakota . It also has substantial viewership in portions of the Canadian provinces of Manitoba , Saskatchewan and Ontario . PPT is also available on most satellite and cable television outlets serving North Dakota . Prairie Public Television is headquartered on 5th Street North in Fargo , with a satellite studio on North 15th Street in Bismarck ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1975_Wake_Forest_Demon_Deacons_football_team", "text": "The 1975 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team was an American football team that represented Wake Forest University during the 1975 NCAA Division I football season . In their third season under head coach Chuck Mills , the Demon Deacons compiled a 3-8 record and finished in fourth place in the Atlantic Coast Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Melbourne_Football_Club", "text": "The Melbourne Football Club , nicknamed the Demons , is a professional Australian rules football club , playing in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . It is named after and based in the city of Melbourne , Victoria , and plays its home games at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) . Melbourne is the world 's oldest professional club of any football code . The club 's origins can be traced to an 1858 letter in which Tom Wills , captain of the Victoria cricket team , calls for the formation of a foot-ball club with its own code of laws . An informal Melbourne team played that winter and was officially formed in May 1859 when Wills and three other members codified The Rules of the Melbourne Football Club - the basis of Australian rules football . The club was a dominant force in the early years of Australian rules football competition , and was also a foundation member of the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) in 1877 and the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in 1896 , which later became the national Australian Football League . Melbourne has won 12 VFL/AFL premierships , the latest in 1964 . Melbourne was a foundation team of the AFL Women 's league , entering the competition in the inaugural year 2017 . The club celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2008 by naming 150 Heroes as well as creating a birthday logo which appeared on its official guernsey . The football club has been a sporting section of the Melbourne Cricket Club ( MCC ) since 2009 , having previously been associated with the MCC between 1889 and 1980 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Metro_(city)", "text": "Metro ( Indonesian pronunciation : [ ˈmetro ] ) is a city in the Indonesian province of Lampung . Founded in 1936 , it covers an area of 68.74 square kilometres ( 26.54 sq mi ) and had a population of 145,346 at the 2010 Census ; the latest official estimate ( for January 2014 ) is 152,428 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Piteå", "text": "Piteå is a locality and the seat of Piteå Municipality in Norrbotten County , Sweden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Isle_Madame_(Nova_Scotia)", "text": "Isle Madame is a Canadian island located off the southeastern corner of Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia . The island was settled by France as part of its colony of Île-Royale ( present-day Cape Breton Island ) . It is presumed to have been named for Madame de Maintenon , the second wife of France 's King Louis XIV . After the fall of Louisbourg in 1758 , 4,000 inhabitants were deported . However , a group of ten Acadian families from Port-Toulouse fled to this Isle Madame where their descendants still live today . Following the Seven Years ' War , Île-Royale and its constituent territories such as Isle Madame , reverted to British control . Some Acadian families also made their way from Massachusetts to Isle Madame in 1766 . Measuring 16 km long and 11 km wide , giving approximately 45 km2 , Isle Madame is jurisdictionally part of Richmond County and is separated from Cape Breton Island by a narrow strait named Lennox Passage . Initially , the strait was crossed by ferries . The first swing bridge crossing Lennox Passage to connect with Isle Madame was constructed beginning in 1916 , and opened in 1919 . The Grandique Ferry service also crossed the passage between Martinique and Louisdale . In 1970 , following the grounding and subsequent breakup of the Liberian tanker Arrow in Chedabucto Bay spilling her cargo of heavy bunker C oil , the Government of Nova Scotia built a causeway between Burnt Point and Burnt Island to prevent the spilled oil from further damaging the fishing area of the Passage ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yangon", "text": "Yangon ( pronunciation [ jàɰ̃ɡòʊɰ̃ mjo̰ ] , lit . 'End of Strife ' ) , formerly known as Rangoon , is the capital of the Yangon Region and the largest city of Myanmar ( also known as Burma ) . Yangon served as the capital of Myanmar until 2006 , when the military government relocated the administrative functions to the purpose-built city of Naypyidaw [ nèpjìdɔ̀ ] in central Myanmar . With over 7 million people , Yangon is Myanmar 's most populous city and its most important commercial centre . Yangon boasts the largest number of colonial-era buildings in Southeast Asia , and has a unique colonial-era urban core that is remarkably intact . The colonial-era commercial core is centered around the Sule Pagoda , which is reputed to be over 2,000 years old . The city is also home to the gilded Shwedagon Pagoda - Myanmar 's most sacred Buddhist pagoda . The mausoleum of the last Mughal Emperor is located in Yangon , where he had been exiled following the Indian Mutiny of 1857 . Yangon suffers from deeply inadequate infrastructure , especially compared to other major cities in Southeast Asia . Though many historic residential and commercial buildings have been renovated throughout central Yangon , most satellite towns that ring the city continue to be profoundly impoverished and lack basic infrastructure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/New_York_Islanders", "text": "The New York Islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in the New York metropolitan area . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference . The team splits its home games between Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale , New York , and Barclays Center in the borough of Brooklyn . The Islanders are one of three NHL franchises in the New York metropolitan area , along with the New Jersey Devils and New York Rangers , and their fan base resides primarily on Long Island . The team was founded in 1972 as part of the NHL 's maneuvers to keep a team from rival league World Hockey Association ( WHA ) out of the newly built Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in suburban Uniondale , New York . After two years of building up the team 's roster , they found almost instant success by securing fourteen straight playoff berths starting with their third season . The Islanders won four consecutive Stanley Cup championships between 1980 and 1983 , the seventh of eight dynasties recognized by the NHL in its history . Their 19 consecutive playoff series wins between 1980 and 1984 is a feat that remains unparalleled in the history of professional sports . They are the last team in any major professional North American sport to win four consecutive championships . Following the team 's dynasty era , the franchise ran into problems with money , ownership and management , an aging arena , and low attendance . Their woes were reflected on the ice , as the team has not won a division title since 1987-88 , and went 22 seasons without winning a playoff series prior to the 2016 playoffs . After years of failed attempts to rebuild or replace Nassau Coliseum in suburban Long Island , the Islanders relocated to Barclays Center following the 2014-15 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malmo_Mounds_and_Village_Site", "text": "Malmo Mounds and Village Site is a mound group in Aitkin County , Minnesota , located on the northeast shore of Mille Lacs Lake . The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the Department of the Interior in 1975 due to its archeological and cultural significance . This area was first surveyed in 1893 by W.H . Winchell and again in 1899 by J.V . Brower and David I. Bushnell . Brower and Bushnell identified 128 mounds and noted that the site was an ideal location for a village site . In 1936 , a group from the University of Minnesota , led by Gordon Erkholm , excavated 13 mounds . The information from this survey was the basis for Dr. Wilford 's Mille Lacs Aspect of the Minnesota Woodland period . Over the past hundred years , [ when ? ] there has been a number of factors that have led to the destruction of over half of the original mound group . Many of the mounds were leveled in 1939 during the building of highway 18 , others were leveled in order to build lake cottages , and many have small pits dug into them . No scholarly work has been done at the site since 1970 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Santa_Clara_station_(Metrorail)", "text": "Santa Clara station is a station on the Metrorail rapid transit system in the industrial district of the Allapattah neighborhood in Miami , Florida . This station is located near the intersection of Northwest 12th Avenue ( State Road 933 ) and 20th Street . It opened to service December 17 , 1984 . Along with Brownsville station , Santa Clara is generally the lowest ridership station on the system ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Scott_Taylor_(Australian_footballer)", "text": "Scott Taylor ( born 22 October 1976 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played one game for Footscray in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1996 . He was recruited from the Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup with the 66th selection in the 1994 AFL Draft . He broke his foot in his debut AFL game in 1996 . He was delisted at the end of the 1997 season to allow for the rookie elevation of Adam Contessa , but was re-drafted in the 1998 Pre-season Draft . However he was again delisted at the end of the 1998 season , without playing any more games in the AFL ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Liars_(band)", "text": "Liars is an Australian-American rock band formed in 2000 . Angus Andrew is the founding and only constant member of Liars . Previous members include Aaron Hemphill who played with the band from its inception until his amicable departure from the project in 2017 , and Julian Gross who joined the band for their second album , They Were Wrong , So We Drowned released in 2004 , and played with the band until his departure in 2014 . Liars have released eight studio albums and are signed to Mute Records . They combine elements of punk-rock with electronica ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tomato", "text": "The tomato is the edible , often red , berry of the plant Solanum lycopersicum , commonly known as a tomato plant . The species originated in western South America and Central America . The Nahuatl ( Aztec language ) word tomatl gave rise to the Spanish word tomate , from which the English word tomato derived . Its domestication and use as a cultivated food may have originated with the indigenous peoples of Mexico . The Aztecs used tomatoes in their cooking at the time of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire , and after the Spanish encountered the tomato for the first time after their contact with the Aztecs , they brought the plant to Europe . From there , the tomato was introduced to other parts of the European-colonized world during the 16th century . Tomatoes are a significant source of umami flavor . The tomato is consumed in diverse ways , raw or cooked , in many dishes , sauces , salads , and drinks . While tomatoes are fruits - botanically classified as berries - they are commonly used as a vegetable ingredient or side dish . Numerous varieties of the tomato plant are widely grown in temperate climates across the world , with greenhouses allowing for the production of tomatoes throughout all seasons of the year . Tomato plants typically grow to 1-3 meters ( 3-10 ft ) in height . They are vines that have a weak stem that sprawls and typically needs support ."}
{"title": "/wiki/74th_Academy_Awards", "text": "The 74th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , took place on March 24 , 2002 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories honoring films released in 2001 . The ceremony , televised in the United States by ABC , was produced by Laura Ziskin and directed by Louis J. Horvitz . Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the fourth time . She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994 and had last hosted the 71st ceremony in 1999 . Three weeks earlier , in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , on March 2 , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Charlize Theron . A Beautiful Mind won four awards , including Best Picture and Best Director for Ron Howard . Other winners included The Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring also with four awards , Black Hawk Down , and Moulin Rouge ! with two , and The Accountant , For the Birds , Gosford Park , Iris , Monster 's Ball , Monsters , Inc. , Murder on a Sunday Morning , No Man 's Land , Pearl Harbor , Shrek , Thoth , and Training Day , with one . Despite a record length of four hours and twenty-three minutes , the telecast garnered nearly 42 million viewers in the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Maine_at_Augusta", "text": "The University of Maine at Augusta ( UMA ) is a public university in Augusta , Maine . It is part of the University of Maine System . UMA is a regional state university providing baccalaureate and select associate degrees for residents of Central Maine . The university has campuses in Augusta and Bangor , and courses offered online and across the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Edward_Rell_Madigan", "text": "Edward Rell Ed Madigan ( January 13 , 1936 - December 7 , 1994 ) was a businessman and a Republican Party politician from Lincoln , Illinois . He served almost twenty years in the United States House of Representatives and was U.S. Secretary of Agriculture under President George H. W. Bush ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Dallas-Fort_Worth-Arlington,_TX_MSA", "text": "The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , officially designated Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget , is a metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Texas encompassing 13 counties . It is the economic and cultural hub of North Texas . Residents of the area also refer to it as DFW , or the Metroplex . The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex 's population is 7,539,711 according to the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2018 population estimates , making it the most populous metropolitan area in both Texas and the Southern United States , the fourth-largest in the U.S. , and the tenth-largest in the Americas . In 2016 , Dallas-Fort Worth ascended to the number one spot in the U.S. in year-over-year population growth . The region 's economy is primarily based on banking , commerce , insurance , telecommunications , technology , energy , healthcare , medical research , transportation and logistics . In 2020 , Dallas-Fort Worth is home to 25 Fortune 500 companies , the third-largest concentration of Fortune 500 companies in the United States behind New York City ( 70 ) and Chicago ( 34 ) . In 2016 , the metropolitan economy surpassed Houston to become the fourth-largest in the U.S . Currently the region boasts a GDP of just over $ 620.6 billion in 2020 . The DFW metroplex encompasses 9,286 square miles ( 24,100 km2 ) of total area : 8,991 sq mi ( 23,290 km2 ) is land , while 295 sq mi ( 760 km2 ) is water , making it larger in area than the states of Rhode Island and Connecticut combined ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Lagimodière", "text": "William Lagimodière ( April 29 , 1857 - October 2 , 1930 ) was a farmer and political figure in Manitoba . He represented La Verendrye from 1888 to 1892 and from 1899 to 1907 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal . He was born in St. Boniface , Manitoba , the son of Elzéar Lagimodière and Sarah Goulet , and was educated at St. Joseph 's College there . In 1880 , he married Lucy Genthon . Lagimodière served as secretary-treasurer for the Rural Municipality of Taché from 1880 to 1903 . He was also a homestead inspector from 1905 to 1929 . He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the Manitoba assembly in 1892 and 1896 , and again in 1907 . Lagimodière died at home in Lorette . Lagimodière was the great-grandson of Jean-Baptiste Lagimodière and Marie-Anne Gaboury , who were also the grandparents of Louis Riel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Elin_Ek_(cross-country_skier)", "text": "Elin Ek , ( born 31 August 1973 in By , Sweden ) , is a Swedish cross-country skier . She participated at the 1998 Olympic Winter Games in Nagano , the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City and the 2006 Olympic Winter Games in Turin . Elin won the Tjejvasan in 1999 and 2006. and the Vasaloppet main women 's event in 2007 . She also won the women 's Worldloppet in the 2006/2007 season . She won the Swedish National Championships at the distances of 10 kilometers in 2006 , 30 kilometers in 2003 and 2004 , and pursuit in 2003 and 2004 , skiathlon in 2007 and sprint in 2003 . In 2008 , she was also part of IFK Mora SK 's team , winning the relay event ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baltimore", "text": "Baltimore ( /ˈbɔːltɪmɔːr/ BAWL-tim-or , locally : /ˈbɔːlmər/ ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maryland , as well as the 30th most populous city in the United States , with a population of 602,495 in 2018 and also the largest such independent city in the country . Baltimore was established by the Constitution of Maryland as an independent city in 1729 . As of 2017 , the population of the Baltimore metropolitan area was estimated to be just under 2.802 million , making it the 21st largest metropolitan area in the country . Baltimore is located about 40 miles ( 64 km ) northeast of Washington , D.C. , making it a principal city in the Washington-Baltimore combined statistical area ( CSA ) , the fourth-largest CSA in the nation , with a calculated 2018 population of 9,797,063 . The city 's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States . In addition , Baltimore was a major manufacturing center . After a decline in major manufacturing , heavy industry , and restructuring of the rail industry , Baltimore has shifted to a service-oriented economy . Johns Hopkins Hospital ( founded 1889 ) and Johns Hopkins University ( founded 1876 ) are the city 's top two employers . With hundreds of identified districts , Baltimore has been dubbed a city of neighborhoods . Famous residents have included writers Edgar Allan Poe , Edith Hamilton , Frederick Douglass , W.E.B . Du Bois , Ogden Nash , Gertrude Stein , F. Scott Fitzgerald , Dashiell Hammett , Upton Sinclair , Tom Clancy , Ta-Nehisi Coates , and H. L. Mencken ; musicians James Eubie Blake , Billie Holiday , Cab Calloway , Tori Amos , Frank Zappa , Tupac Shakur , Dan Deacon , Robbie Basho , Bill Frisell , Philip Glass , Cass Elliot , and Ric Ocasek ; actors and filmmakers John Waters , Barry Levinson , Divine , David Hasselhoff , Don Messick , John Kassir , Jada Pinkett Smith , and Mo'Nique ; artist Jeff Koons ; baseball player Babe Ruth ; swimmer Michael Phelps ; radio host Ira Glass ; television host Mike Rowe ; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ; Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi ; and United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson . During the War of 1812 , Francis Scott Key wrote The Star-Spangled Banner in Baltimore after the bombardment of Fort McHenry ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Court_of_Common_Pleas_(England)", "text": "The Court of Common Pleas , or Common Bench , was a common law court in the English legal system that covered common pleas ; actions between subject and subject , which did not concern the king . Created in the late 12th to early 13th century after splitting from the Exchequer of Pleas , the Common Pleas served as one of the central English courts for around 600 years . Authorised by Magna Carta to sit in a fixed location , the Common Pleas sat in Westminster Hall for its entire existence , joined by the Exchequer of Pleas and Court of King 's Bench . The court 's jurisdiction was gradually undercut by the King 's Bench and Exchequer of Pleas with legal fictions , the Bill of Middlesex and Writ of Quominus respectively . The Common Pleas maintained its exclusive jurisdiction over matters of real property until its dissolution , and due to its wide remit was considered by Sir Edward Coke to be the lock and key of the common law . It was staffed by one Chief Justice and a varying number of puisne justices , who were required to be Serjeants-at-Law , and until the mid 19th century only Serjeants were allowed to plead there . As one of the two principal common law courts with the King 's Bench , the Common Pleas fought to maintain its jurisdiction and caseload , in a way that during the 16th and 17th centuries was categorised as conservative and reactionary . Reaching an acceptable medium with the King 's Bench and Exchequer of Pleas proved to be the downfall of all three courts ; with several courts of near-identical jurisdiction , there was little need for separate bodies , and the superior courts of Westminster were merged by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 into a single High Court of Justice . With an Order in Council issued on 16 December 1880 , the Common Pleas Division of the High Court ceased to exist , marking the end of the Court of Common Pleas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pac-12_Conference", "text": "The Pac-12 Conference is a collegiate athletic conference that operates in the Western United States , participating in 24 sports at the NCAA Division I level . Its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ; formerly Division I-A ) , the higher of two tiers of NCAA Division I football competition . The conference 's 12 members are located in the states of Arizona , California , Colorado , Oregon , Utah , and Washington . They include each state 's flagship public university , four additional public universities , and two private research universities . The modern Pac-12 conference formed after the disbanding of the Pacific Coast Conference ( PCC ) , whose principal members founded the Athletic Association of Western Universities ( AAWU ) in 1959 . The conference previously went by the names Big Five , Big Six , Pacific-8 , and Pacific-10 . The Pac-12 moniker was adopted in 2011 with the addition of Colorado and Utah . Nicknamed the Conference of Champions , the Pac-12 has won more NCAA national championships in team sports than any other conference in history . The top three schools with the most NCAA team championships are members of the Pac-12 : Stanford , UCLA , and USC , respectively . Washington 's national title in women 's rowing in 2017 was the 500th NCAA championship won by a Pac-12 school . The current commissioner of the conference is Larry Scott . Scott replaced Thomas C. Hansen , who retired in July 2009 after 26 years in that position ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Earl_of_Derby", "text": "Earl of Derby ( /ˈdɑːrbi/ ( listen ) DAR-bee ) is a title in the Peerage of England . The title was first adopted by Robert de Ferrers , 1st Earl of Derby , under a creation of 1139 . It continued with the Ferrers family until the 6th Earl forfeited his property toward the end of the reign of Henry III and died in 1279 . Most of the Ferrers property and ( by a creation in 1337 ) the Derby title were then held by the family of Henry III . The title merged in the Crown upon Henry IV 's accession to the throne in 1399 . The title was created again , this time for the Stanley family , in 1485 . Lord Derby 's subsidiary titles are Baron Stanley of Bickerstaffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster ( created 1832 ) , and Baron Stanley of Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster ( 1886 ) . The courtesy title of the heir apparent is Lord Stanley . The 1st to 5th Earls also held an earlier Barony of Stanley , created for the 1st Earl 's father in 1456 and currently abeyant ; the 2nd to 5th Earls held the Barony of Strange created in 1299 , currently held by the Viscounts St Davids ; and the 7th to 9th Earls held another Barony of Strange , created in error in 1628 and currently held independently of other peerages . Several successive generations of the Stanley Earls , along with other members of the family , have been prominent members of the Conservative Party , and at least one historian has suggested that this family rivals the Cecils ( Marquesses of Salisbury ) as the single most important family in the party 's history . They were at times one of the richest landowning families in England . The Stanley Cup , the championship trophy of the National Hockey League , was presented to the Dominion of Canada in 1892 by Frederick Stanley , 16th Earl of Derby , during his tenure as Governor General of Canada ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Argentina", "text": "Argentina ( Spanish : [ aɾxenˈtina ] ) , officially the Argentine Republic [ A ] ( Spanish : República Argentina ) , is a country located mostly in the southern half of South America . Sharing the bulk of the Southern Cone with Chile to the west , the country is also bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north , Brazil to the northeast , Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east , and the Drake Passage to the south . With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 ( 1,073,500 sq mi ) , [ B ] Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world , the fourth largest in the Americas , the second largest in South America after Brazil , and the largest Spanish-speaking nation . The sovereign state is subdivided into twenty-three provinces ( Spanish : provincias , singular provincia ) and one autonomous city ( ciudad autónoma ) , Buenos Aires , which is the federal capital of the nation ( Spanish : Capital Federal ) as decided by Congress . The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions , but exist under a federal system . Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica , the Falkland Islands ( Spanish : Islas Malvinas ) , and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands . The earliest recorded human presence in modern-day Argentina dates back to the Paleolithic period . The Inca Empire expanded to the northwest of the country in Pre-Columbian times . The country has its roots in Spanish colonization of the region during the 16th century . Argentina rose as the successor state of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata , a Spanish overseas viceroyalty founded in 1776 . The declaration and fight for independence ( 1810-1818 ) was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861 , culminating in the country 's reorganization as a federation of provinces with Buenos Aires as its capital city . The country thereafter enjoyed relative peace and stability , with several waves of European immigration , mainly Italians and Spaniards , radically reshaping its cultural and demographic outlook ; 62.5% of the population has full or partial Italian ancestry , and the Argentine culture has significant connections to the Italian culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ben_Stiller", "text": "Benjamin Edward Meara Stiller ( born November 30 , 1965 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , producer , musician and director . He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara . After beginning his acting career with a play , Stiller wrote several mockumentaries and was offered his own show , titled The Ben Stiller Show , which he produced and hosted for its 13-episode run . Having previously acted in television , he began acting in films . He made his directorial debut with Reality Bites . Throughout his career he has written , starred in , directed , or produced more than 50 films including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , Zoolander , The Cable Guy , There 's Something About Mary , the Meet the Parents trilogy , DodgeBall , Tropic Thunder , the Madagascar series , and the Night at the Museum trilogy . He has also made numerous cameos in music videos , television shows , and films . Stiller is a member of a group of comedic actors colloquially known as the Frat Pack . His films have grossed more than $ 2.6 billion in Canada and the United States , with an average of $ 79 million per film . Throughout his career , he has received various awards and honors , including an Emmy Award , multiple MTV Movie Awards , a Britannia Award and a Teen Choice Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ulrich_Salchow", "text": "Karl Emil Julius Ulrich Salchow ( 7 August 1877 - 19 April 1949 ) was a Swedish figure skater , who dominated the sport in the first decade of the 20th century . Salchow won the World Figure Skating Championships ten times , from 1901 to 1905 , and from 1907 to 1911 . This is still a record , which he shares with Sonja Henie who also won 10 titles in the 1920s and 1930s , and with Irina Rodnina who won 10 titles in the 1960s and 1970s . Salchow did not compete in the 1906 World Championships that were held in Munich , as he feared that he would not be judged fairly against Gilbert Fuchs of Germany . When figure skating was first contested at the Summer Olympic Games in London ( 1908 ) , Salchow also won the title with ease , became one of the oldest figure skating Olympic champions . In addition , Salchow won the European Championships a record nine times ( 1898-1900 , 1904 , 1906-1907 , 1909-1910 , 1913 ) and placed second in the World Championships three times . In 1909 , Ulrich Salchow first landed a jump in competition in which he took off on the back inside edge , and landed on the back outside edge of his other foot . This jump is now known as the Salchow jump in his honor . After his competitive days , Salchow remained active in the sport , and was president of the International Skating Union ( ISU ) from 1925 to 1937 . Furthermore , he was the chairman of AIK in Stockholm between 1928 and 1939 - the leading Swedish club in football , ice-hockey , bandy , tennis and other sports . Ulrich Salchow was married to the dentist Dr. Anne-Elisabeth Salchow . Salchow died in Stockholm at the age of 71 and was interred there at Norra begravningsplatsen ."}
{"title": "/wiki/England", "text": "England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Wales to the west and Scotland to the north . The Irish Sea lies west of England and the Celtic Sea to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain , which lies in the North Atlantic , and includes over 100 smaller islands , such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight . It is the largest country of British Isles . The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula , who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law - the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world - developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . England 's terrain is chiefly low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there is upland and mountainous terrain in the north ( for example , the Lake District and Pennines ) and in the west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Shropshire Hills ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Ellis_(antiquarian)", "text": "John Ellis ( 1674 - July 1735 ) was a Welsh priest and antiquarian ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Father_Dowling_Mysteries", "text": "Father Dowling Mysteries ( also known as Father Dowling Investigates in the United Kingdom ) is an American mystery television series that aired from January 20 , 1989 to May 2 , 1991 . Prior to the series , a TV movie aired on November 30 , 1987 . For its first season , the show was on NBC ; it moved to ABC for its last two seasons . The show features a Catholic priest , Father Dowling , who solves murders , abductions and other mysteries in his Chicago parish , assisted by a young streetwise nun , Sister Stephanie , in spite of hindrance by the bishop 's representative , Father Prestwick . The show is based on characters created by Ralph McInerny in a series of mystery novels ; but neither the pilot TV movie nor the subsequent regular season episodes are actual adaptations of any of McInerny 's stories . The show was also heavily influenced by the work of G.K. Chesterton 's Father Brown series . Many consider the series to be an Americanized version of Father Brown rather than an adaptation of McInerny 's works . When asked , few are aware that the series is not based on the Father Brown books , but on McInerny 's stories . The series was developed for television by Dean Hargrove and Joel Steiger , and produced by The Fred Silverman Company and Dean Hargrove Productions in association with Viacom Productions ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avril_Lavigne", "text": "Avril Ramona Lavigne ( /ˌævrɪl ləˈviːn/ AV-ril lə-VEEN , French : [ avʁil laviɲ ] ; born September 27 , 1984 ) is a Canadian-French singer , songwriter , and actress . By the age of 15 , she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain and by 16 , she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $ 2 million . Her debut studio album , Let Go ( 2002 ) , emphasized a skate punk persona that has earned her the title Pop Punk Queen , from critics and music publications , due to her achievement and impact in the industry . Lavigne is considered a key musician in the development of pop punk music since she paved the way for female-driven , punk-influenced pop music . Lavigne 's breakthrough single , Complicated , reached number one in several countries worldwide and made her the youngest female soloist to have a number-one album in the United Kingdom . Her second studio album , Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , became Lavigne 's first album to reach the top of the Billboard 200 chart in the United States , going on to sell 10 million copies worldwide . The Best Damn Thing ( 2007 ) , Lavigne 's third studio album , reached number one in seven countries worldwide and saw the international success of its lead single Girlfriend , which became her first single to reach the top of the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States . Her fourth and fifth studio albums , Goodbye Lullaby ( 2011 ) and Avril Lavigne ( 2013 ) , saw continued commercial success and were both certified gold in Canada , the United States , and other territories . In February 2019 , Lavigne released her sixth studio album , Head Above Water , through BMG . In addition to music , Lavigne voiced Heather , a Virginia opossum , in the animated film Over the Hedge ( 2006 ) , and made her screen acting debut in Fast Food Nation ( 2006 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/US$", "text": "The United States dollar ( sign : $ ; code : USD ; also abbreviated US $ and referred to as the dollar , U.S. dollar , or American dollar ) is the official currency of the United States and its territories per the Coinage Act of 1792 . One dollar is divided into 100 cents ( Symbol : ¢ ) or 1000 mills ( for accounting purposes and for taxing . Symbol : ₥ ) . The Coinage Act of 1792 created a decimal currency by creating the following coins : tenth dollar , one-twentieth dollar , one-hundredth dollar . In addition the act created the dollar , half dollar , and quarter dollar coins . All of these coins are still minted in 2020 . In addition , several forms of paper money were introduced by Congress over the years . The latest of these , the Federal Reserve Note , was authorized by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , while all existing U.S. currency remains legal tender . Issuance of the previous form of the currency ( U.S. notes ) was discontinued in January 1971 . As a result , currently circulating paper money consists primarily of Federal Reserve Notes that are denominated in United States dollars ( 12 U.S.C . § 418 ) . Since the suspension in 1971 of convertibility of paper U.S. currency into any precious metal , the U.S. dollar is de facto fiat money ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jared_Zezel", "text": "Jared Zezel ( born March 4 , 1991 ) is an American curler . He competed in the 2014 Winter Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deland_McCullough", "text": "Deland McCullough ( born Jon Briggs on December 1 , 1972 ) is a former American and Canadian football running back in the National Football League and Canadian Football League . He is currently the Kansas City Chiefs running backs coach . He played for the Cincinnati Bengals and Winnipeg Blue Bombers . He played college football at Miami University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Indra_Putra_Mahayuddin", "text": "Indra Putra Bin Mahayuddin , P.B . ( born 2 September 1981 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Kuala Lumpur and also a player in the Malaysia national team . He is the all-time highest goalscorer of the Malaysia Super League . He is a versatile forward , who can operate as a striker or a winger ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ruddalens_IP", "text": "Ruddalens IP is a sports venue in Västra Frölunda , Gothenburg , Sweden . It houses a football stadium for the teams Västra Frölunda IF , Utsiktens BK , Assyriska BK and BK Skottfint with a total capacity of 5,000 spectators . The speed skating venue Rudhallen is the only of its kind in Sweden with the entire facility under one roof . It was the venue for the 2003 World Allround Speed Skating Championships . The indoor speed skating venue is closed for the season 2019/20 . Ruddalens IP also has an outdoor bandy field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cycling_at_the_2012_Summer_Paralympics_–_Men's_sprint", "text": "The Men 's individual sprint track cycling event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 2 at London Velopark . The event was contested by blind & visually impaired cyclists riding with sighted pilots . Times set in the qualification stage were used to position riders in the knock-out bracket , and subsequently to determine which riders competed for 5th and 6th positions ( i.e . those in the original top 6 who did not reach the medal matches ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatchewan_Highway_42", "text": "Highway 42 is a highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . It runs from the intersection of Highway 2 and Highway 202 near Tuxford until Highway 15 . Highway 42 is about 205 km ( 127 mi ) long . The highway also passes the communities of Marquis , Keeler , Brownlee , Eyebrow , Central Butte , Lawson , Riverhurst and Lucky Lake , Saskatchewan . Highway 42 crosses Lake Diefenbaker on the 1.5 km ( 0.9 mi ) long Riverhurst Ferry route and ice road in the winter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nor_Hakim_Hassan", "text": "Mohammad Nor Hakim bin Hassan ( born 2 October 1991 in Terengganu ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who play as an attacking midfielder for Malaysia Super League club Selangor . His pace and dribbling ability made him an established winger in Malaysia . Nor Hakim previously played for MP Muar , Terengganu , T-Team and PKNS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/L.A._Doctors", "text": "L.A. Doctors is an American medical drama television series set in a Los Angeles primary care practice . It ran on CBS from September 21 , 1998 to May 10 , 1999 . It replaced Brooklyn South after its cancellation in May 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_Indians", "text": "The Cleveland Indians are an American professional baseball team based in Cleveland , Ohio . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . Since 1994 , they have played at Progressive Field . The team 's spring training facility is at Goodyear Ballpark in Goodyear , Arizona . Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901 , the team has won 10 Central Division titles , six American League pennants , and two World Series championships , ( in 1920 and 1948 ) . The team 's current 71-year World Series championship drought is the longest active among all 30 current Major League teams . The name Indians originated from a request by club owner Charles Somers to baseball writers to choose a new name to replace Cleveland Naps following the departure of Nap Lajoie after the 1914 season . It was a revival of the nickname that fans gave to the Cleveland Spiders while Louis Sockalexis , a Native American , was playing for the team . Common nicknames for the Indians include the Tribe and the Wahoos , the latter referencing their former logo , Chief Wahoo . The team 's mascot is named Slider . The franchise originated in 1894 as the Grand Rapids Rustlers , a minor league team in the Western League . The team relocated to Cleveland in 1900 and was renamed the Cleveland Lake Shores ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duke_of_Portland", "text": "Earl of Portland is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of England , first in 1633 and again in 1689 . What proved to be a long co-held title , Duke of Portland , was created in 1716 and ceased in 1990 on the death of the ninth Duke , when the Earldom passed to the seniormost agnatic ( solely male-line ) cousin , namely one of the 6th degree ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lockheed_Martin", "text": "Lockheed Martin Corporation is an American global aerospace , defense , security , and advanced technologies company with worldwide interests . It was formed by the merger of Lockheed Corporation with Martin Marietta in March 1995 . It is headquartered in North Bethesda , Maryland , in the Washington , D.C. , area . Lockheed Martin employs approximately 110,000 people worldwide as of January 2020 . Lockheed Martin is one of the largest companies in the aerospace , defense , security , and technologies industry . It is the world 's largest defense contractor , based on revenue for fiscal year 2014 . In 2013 , 78% of Lockheed Martin 's revenues came from military sales ; it topped the list of US federal government contractors and received nearly 10% of the funds paid out by the Pentagon . In 2009 , US government contracts accounted for $ 38.4 billion ( 85% ) , foreign government contracts for $ 5.8 billion ( 13% ) , and commercial and other contracts for $ 900 million ( 2% ) . Lockheed Martin operates in four business segments : Aeronautics , Missiles and Fire Control ( MFC ) , Rotary and Mission Systems ( RMS ) , and Space . The company has received the Collier Trophy six times , including in 2001 for being part of developing the X-35/F-35B LiftFan Propulsion System and most recently in 2018 for the Automatic Ground Collision Avoidance System ( Auto-GCAS ) . Lockheed Martin is currently developing the F-35 Lightning II and leads the international supply chain , leads the team for the development and implementation of technology solutions for the new USAF Space Fence ( AFSSS replacement ) , and is the primary contractor for the development of the Orion command module . The company also invests in healthcare systems , renewable energy systems , intelligent energy distribution , and compact nuclear fusion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ricardo_Zonta", "text": "Ricardo Luiz Zonta ( born March 23 , 1976 ) is a Brazilian professional racing driver ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Glee_(TV_series)", "text": "Glee ( stylized in all lowercase ) is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 . It centers on the fictional William McKinley High School glee club , the New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality , race , relationships , and teamwork . The initial twelve-member cast included Matthew Morrison as club director and Spanish teacher Will Schuester , Jane Lynch as cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester , Jayma Mays as guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury , Jessalyn Gilsig as Will 's wife Terri , and Dianna Agron , Chris Colfer , Kevin McHale , Lea Michele , Cory Monteith , Amber Riley , Mark Salling , and Jenna Ushkowitz as eight club members . The main cast was altered throughout the series . The series was created by Ryan Murphy , Brad Falchuk , and Ian Brennan , the latter of whom first conceived of Glee as a film . The three wrote all of the show 's episodes for the first two seasons , and Murphy and Falchuk initially served as the show 's main directors . The pilot episode was broadcast on May 19 , 2009 , and the first season aired from September 9 , 2009 , to June 8 , 2010 . Subsequent seasons aired in September through May . The sixth and final season aired from January to March 2015 . Glee features on-screen performance-based musical numbers that were selected by Murphy , who aimed to maintain a balance between show tunes and chart hits , and produced by Adam Anders and Peer Åström . Songs covered in the show were released through the iTunes Store during the week of broadcast , and a series of Glee albums have been released by Columbia Records . The music of Glee has been a commercial success , with over thirty-six million digital single sales and eleven million album sales worldwide through October 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saskatoon_City_(provincial_electoral_district)", "text": "From 1921 to 1967 Saskatoon City was one of three districts in the province that elected more than one representative to the Legislature . Thus , multiple MLAs elected from this constituency will be noted in bold type ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yann_Songo'o", "text": "Yann Songo ' o ( born 19 November 1991 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Scunthorpe United . He has also been utilised in a defensive midfielder role ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Emneth", "text": "Emneth is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk . The village is 58 miles ( 93 km ) west of Norwich , 15.4 miles ( 24.8 km ) south-west of King 's Lynn and 99.6 miles ( 160.3 km ) north of London . The nearest town is Wisbech which is 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) north-north-west of the village . The Village lies to the south-west of the route of the A47 between Peterborough and King 's Lynn . The nearest railway station is at Downham Market for the Fen Line which runs between King 's Lynn and Cambridge . The nearest airport is Cambridge International Airport . The parish of Emneth in the 2001 census , has a population of 2,466 , increasing to 2,617 at the 2011 Census . For the purposes of local government , the parish falls within the district of King 's Lynn and West Norfolk ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tristan_da_Cunha", "text": "Tristan da Cunha ( /ˌtrɪstən də ˈkuːn ( j ) ə/ ) , colloquially Tristan , is a remote group of volcanic islands in the south Atlantic Ocean which includes Gough Island . It is the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world , lying approximately 1,511 miles ( 2,432 km ) off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa , 1,343 miles ( 2,161 km ) from Saint Helena and 2,166 miles ( 3,486 km ) off the coast of the Falkland Islands . The territory consists of the inhabited island , Tristan da Cunha , which has a diameter of roughly 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) and an area of 98 square kilometres ( 38 sq mi ) , and the wildlife reserves of Gough Island and Inaccessible Island and the smaller , uninhabited Nightingale Islands . As of October 2018 [ update ] , the main island has 250 permanent inhabitants who all carry British Overseas Territories citizenship . The other islands are uninhabited , except for the personnel of a weather station on Gough Island . Tristan da Cunha is a British Overseas Territory with its own constitution . There is no airstrip of any kind on the main island , meaning that the only way of travelling in and out of Tristan is by boat , a six-day trip from South Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Firebaugh,_California", "text": "Firebaugh is a city in Fresno County , California , United States . Located on the west side of the San Joaquin River 38 miles ( 61 km ) west of Fresno , the city is almost entirely surrounded by agricultural land in all directions . Most fields of irrigated row crops along SR 33 are feed crops such as alfalfa . State Route 33 ( SR 33 ) and the San Joaquin Valley Railroad , West Side Subdivision , pass through downtown . A small commercial district features the ubiquitous California Central Valley water tank painted with the city 's name . Firebaugh lies at an elevation of 151 feet ( 46 m ) . Population was 7,549 at the 2010 census , up from 5,743 as of the 2000 . Firebaugh hosts an annual Cantaloupe Round Up Festival in Dunkle Park . The event aims at celebrating peak harvest of the melon in late July and is an economic boost for local businesses ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Raymond_Goethals", "text": "Raymond Goethals ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈrɛmɔ̃ ˈɣutɑls ] ; 7 October 1921 - 6 December 2004 ) was a Belgian football coach who led Marseille to victory in the UEFA Champions League final in 1993 , becoming the first coach to win a European trophy with a French club . Sometimes nicknamed Raymond-la-science ( Raymond-the-Science , previously the nickname of Belgian anarchist and Bonnot gang member Raymond Callemin ) , le sorcier ( the Wizard ) or le magicien ( the Magician ) , Goethals was known for his blunt way of speaking , his habit of mispronouncing players ' names and his distinctive Brussels accent . A chain smoker , he was likened to TV police detective Lieutenant Columbo . He was the father of the referee Guy Goethals , who officiated at the 1996 European Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jalandhar", "text": "Jalandhar is a city in the Indian state of Punjab . Jalandhar lies alongside the Grand Trunk Road and is a well-connected rail and road junction . Jalandhar is 146 km northwest of Chandigarh , the state capital of Punjab and Haryana . It was spelled 'Jullundur ' during the British period ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Al-Quwa_Al-Jawiya", "text": "Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya ( Arabic : نادي القوة الجوية الرياضي , lit . 'Air Force Athletic Club ' ) is an Iraqi football club based in Rusafa District , Baghdad that competes in the Iraqi Premier League , the top-flight of Iraqi football . Founded in 1931 , it is the oldest existing football club in Iraq . It is also one of Iraq 's most successful clubs , having won six Iraqi Premier League titles , the most recent being in the 2016-17 season . The club has won four Iraq FA Cups as well as a joint-record three Iraqi Elite Cups and two Iraqi Super Cups , adding to the six Iraqi Central Leagues and one Iraqi Central FA Cup that it won before 1974 when domestic competitions were played at a regional level . It is also the first of only two clubs to win all four of the aforementioned national trophies ( League , FA Cup , Elite Cup , Super Cup ) in the same season ( the 1996-97 season ) . On the continental level , Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya became the first club to win the AFC Cup three times in a row when they triumphed in 2016 , 2017 and 2018 . The Falcons have participated in the AFC Champions League four times since its foundation in 2002 , but failed to advance past the group stage , and the furthest they have reached in the Arab Club Champions Cup is the quarter-final in the 2012-13 edition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anna_Lee_Fisher", "text": "Anna Lee Fisher ( née Tingle ) ( born August 24 , 1949 ) is an American chemist , emergency physician , and a former NASA astronaut . Formerly married to fellow astronaut Bill Fisher , and the mother of two children , in 1984 she became the first mother in space . During her career at NASA , she has been involved with three major programs : the Space Shuttle , the International Space Station and the Orion project ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Africa", "text": "South Africa , officially the Republic of South Africa ( RSA ) , is the southernmost country in Africa . It is bounded to the south by 2,798 kilometres ( 1,739 mi ) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans ; to the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia , Botswana , and Zimbabwe ; and to the east and northeast by Mozambique and Eswatini ( Swaziland ) ; and it surrounds the enclaved country of Lesotho . South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa and the 24th-largest country in the world by land area and , with over 58 million people , is also the world 's 24th-most populous nation . It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere . About 80 percent of South Africans are of Bantu ancestry , divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different African languages , nine of which have official status . The remaining population consists of Africa 's largest communities of European , Asian ( Indian ) , and multiracial ( Coloured ) ancestry . South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures , languages , and religions . Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution 's recognition of 11 official languages , which is the fourth-highest number in the world . Two of these languages are of European origin : Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most coloured and white South Africans ; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism , and is commonly used in public and commercial life , though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language . The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century . However , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . During the 20th century , the black majority sought to claim more rights from the dominant white minority , with this struggle playing a large role in the country 's recent history and politics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Martin", "text": "Sir George Henry Martin , CBE ( 3 January 1926 - 8 March 2016 ) was an English record producer , arranger , composer , conductor , audio engineer , and musician . He was referred to as the Fifth Beatle in reference to his extensive involvement on each of the Beatles ' original albums . Paul McCartney said upon Martin 's death , If anyone earned the title of the fifth Beatle , it was George . Martin 's career spanned more than six decades of work in music , film , television and live performance . Before working with the Beatles and other pop musicians , he produced comedy and novelty records in the early 1950s , working with Peter Sellers , Spike Milligan and Bernard Cribbins , among others . In his career he produced 30 number-one hit singles in the United Kingdom and 23 number-one hits in the United States . He also held a number of senior executive roles at media companies and contributed to a wide range of charitable causes , including his work for The Prince 's Trust and the Caribbean island of Montserrat . In recognition of his services to the music industry and popular culture , he was made a Knight Bachelor in 1996 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mattel", "text": "Mattel , Inc. ( /məˈtɛl/ ) is an American multinational toy manufacturing and entertainment company founded in 1945 with headquarters in El Segundo , California . The products and brands it produces include Fisher-Price , Barbie , Monster High , Ever After High , Polly Pocket , Hot Wheels , Matchbox , Masters of the Universe , American Girl , Thomas & Friends , and WWE . In the early 1980s , Mattel produced video game systems , under its own brands and under license from Nintendo . The company has presence in 40 countries and territories and sells products in more than 150 countries . The company operates through three business segments : North America , international , and American Girl . It is the world 's second largest toy maker in terms of revenue , after The Lego Group . In 2019 , it ranked # 575 on the Fortune 500 list . On January 17 , 2017 , Mattel named former Google executive Margo Georgiadis as CEO . Georgiadis stepped down as CEO of Mattel on April 19 , 2018 . Her last day was on April 26 , 2018 . Ynon Kreiz is now the new CEO of Mattel . The name Mattel is a portmanteau of Harold Matt Matson and Elliot Handler , two of the company 's founders ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Universal_Orlando_Resort", "text": "The Universal Orlando Resort , commonly known as Universal Orlando Studios and Universal Studios Orlando , formerly Universal Studios Escape or simply Universal , is an American theme park and entertainment resort complex based in Orlando , Florida . The resort is operated by Universal Parks & Resorts . It is wholly owned by NBCUniversal , a division of Comcast . Universal Orlando is the second-largest resort in Greater Orlando , after the Walt Disney World resort , covering 541 acres of land . Universal Orlando consists of two theme parks ( Universal Studios Florida and Universal 's Islands of Adventure ) , a water park ( Volcano Bay ) , a night-time entertainment complex ( Universal CityWalk Orlando ) , six Loews Hotels ( Loews Portofino Bay Hotel , Hard Rock Hotel , Loews Royal Pacific Resort , Cabana Bay Beach Resort , Loews Sapphire Falls Resort , Universals Aventura Hotel ) , and an upcoming park , Epic Universe . All of the hotel resorts offer Early Park Admission into The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and Universals Volcano Bay . Additionally , the Loews Portofino Bay Hotel , Hard Rock Hotel and Loews Royal Pacific Resort offer free unlimited Universal Express Pass for use at participating rides at Universal Studios Florida and Universals Islands of Adventure . There are similar products valid at Volcano Bay , Halloween Horror Nights , and Rock the Universe . Universal Orlando is one of the most visited resorts in the world , with an annual attendance of 21 million in 2017 . Universal Orlando is the flagship resort of Universal Parks & Resorts , especially due to the competitive nature between the resort and Walt Disney World ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conference_USA", "text": "Conference USA ( C-USA or CUSA ) is an intercollegiate athletic conference whose current member institutions are located within the Southern United States . The conference participates in the NCAA 's Division I in all sports . C-USA 's offices are located in Dallas , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christiansø_Lighthouse", "text": "Christiansø Lighthouse ( Danish : Christiansø Fyr ) is located on the top of the Store Tårn tower on the Danish island of Christiansø , some 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) northeast of Bornholm in the Baltic Sea . Constructed and brought into service in 1805 , it is one of Denmark 's oldest ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Veor_RFC", "text": "Veor Rugby Football Club is a Cornish and English rugby union football club based in Camborne , Cornwall . The club , founded in 1966 , play in amber and black at the Memorial Ground . They are one of two teams in the town , along with illustrious neighbours , Camborne RFC . They currently play in Cornwall/Devon - a league at level 8 of the English rugby union system - following their promotion as champions of Cornwall 1 at the end of the 2018-19 season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Malay_language", "text": "Malay ( /məˈleɪ/ ; Malay : Bahasa Melayu , بهاس ملايو ) is an Austronesian language spoken in Brunei , Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore , as well as parts of Thailand . A language of the Malays , it is spoken by 290 million people across the Strait of Malacca , including the coasts of the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia and the eastern coast of Sumatra in Indonesia and has been established as a native language of part of western coastal Sarawak and West Kalimantan in Borneo . It is also used as a trading language in the southern Philippines , including the southern parts of the Zamboanga Peninsula , the Sulu Archipelago and the southern predominantly Muslim-inhabited municipalities of Bataraza and Balabac in Palawan . As the Bahasa Kebangsaan or Bahasa Nasional ( national language ) of several states , Standard Malay has various official names . In Malaysia , it is designated as either Bahasa Malaysia ( Malaysian language ) or Bahasa Melayu ( Malay language ) . In Singapore and Brunei , it is called Bahasa Melayu ( Malay language ) and in Indonesia , an autonomous normative variety called Bahasa Indonesia ( Indonesian language ) is designated the Bahasa Persatuan/Pemersatu ( unifying language/lingua franca ) . However , in areas of central to southern Sumatra where vernacular varieties of Malay are indigenous , Indonesians refer to it as Bahasa Melayu and consider it one of their regional languages . Standard Malay , also called Court Malay , was the literary standard of the pre-colonial Malacca and Johor Sultanates , and so the language is sometimes called Malacca , Johor or Riau Malay ( or various combinations of those names ) to distinguish it from the various other Malayan languages . According to Ethnologue 16 , several of the Malayan varieties they currently list as separate languages , including the Orang Asli varieties of Peninsular Malay , are so closely related to standard Malay that they may prove to be dialects . There are also several Malay trade and creole languages which are based on a lingua franca derived from Classical Malay as well as Macassar Malay , which appears to be a mixed language ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Langtoft,_Lincolnshire", "text": "Langtoft is a village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England . The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 2,045 . It lies on the A15 road , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) north from Peterborough and about 8 miles ( 13 km ) east from Stamford , and on the edge of The Fens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Orthonormal", "text": "In linear algebra , two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors . A set of vectors form an orthonormal set if all vectors in the set are mutually orthogonal and all of unit length . An orthonormal set which forms a basis is called an orthonormal basis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Missouri_Valley_Football_Conference", "text": "The Missouri Valley Football Conference ( MVFC ) , formerly the Gateway Football Conference , is a collegiate athletic conference which operates in the Midwestern United States . It participates in the NCAA 's Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) as a football-only conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_Jia-A_League_1993", "text": "In the 1993 season , the National Football Jia-A League was the top tier of football in China . It comprised eight teams , and Liaoning Dongyao won the championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bhatinda_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Bathinda Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 13 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies of Punjab state in northern India . In 17th Lokh Sabh , it is represented by Harsimart Kaur Badal . She has been repressing Bathinda Lokh Sabha Constituency in Lok Sabha since 2009 . In general election of 2009 , harsimrat defeated Raninder singh with margin of more than one lakh votes . In 2014 ` s general election she defeated Manpreet Singh Badal with margin of 20,000 votes and in 2019 , Amarinder Singh Raja warring lost to Harsimart Kaur Badal with narrow margin ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Freight_rail", "text": "Rail freight transport is the use of railroads and trains to transport cargo as opposed to human passengers . A freight train , cargo train , or goods train is a group of freight cars ( US ) or goods wagons ( International Union of Railways ) hauled by one or more locomotives on a railway , transporting cargo all or some of the way between the shipper and the intended destination as part of the logistics chain . Trains may haul bulk material , intermodal containers , general freight or specialized freight in purpose-designed cars . Rail freight practices and economics vary by country and region . When considered in terms of ton-miles or tonne-kilometers hauled per unit of energy consumed , rail transport can be more efficient than other means of transportation . Maximum economies are typically realized with bulk commodities ( e.g. , coal ) , especially when hauled over long distances . However , shipment by rail is not as flexible as by the highway , which has resulted in much freight being hauled by truck , even over long distances . Moving goods by rail often involves transshipment costs , particularly when the shipper or receiver lack direct rail access . These costs may exceed that of operating the train itself , a factor that practices such as containerization aim to minimize ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kapchorwa", "text": "Kapchorwa is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda . It is the main municipal , commercial , and administrative center of Kapchorwa District.Initially the present day kapchorwa was known as sebei region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Irvine,_North_Ayrshire", "text": "Irvine ( /ˈɜːrvɪn/ UR-vin ; Scots : Irvin , Scottish Gaelic : Irbhinn ) is an ancient settlement , in medieval times a royal burgh , and now a new town on the coast of the Firth of Clyde in North Ayrshire , Scotland . The 2011 Census recorded the town 's population at 33,698 inhabitants , making it the largest settlement in North Ayrshire . Irvine was the site of Scotland 's 12th century military capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland , Hugh de Morville . It also served as the capital of Cunninghame and was , at the time of David I , Robert II and Robert III , one of the earliest capitals of Scotland . The town was once a haunt of Robert Burns , after whom two streets in the town are named : Burns Street and Burns Crescent . He is known to have worked in a flax mill on the Glasgow Vennel . Despite being classed as a new town , Irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a Royal Burgh . There are also conflicting rumours that Mary , Queen of Scots stayed briefly at Seagate Castle . There is still a yearly festival , called Marymass , held in the town . Marymass refers to the religious Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary celebrated on 15 August , and was therefore Mary 's Mass hence Marymass . Irvine is the birthplace of the present First Minister of Scotland and leader of the Scottish National Party , Nicola Sturgeon as well as the former First Minister of Scotland , Jack McConnell . The current Cabinet Secretary for Culture , Europe and External Affairs , Fiona Hyslop was also born in Irvine ."}
{"title": "/wiki/PlayStation_Portable", "text": "The PlayStation Portable [ a ] ( PSP ) is a handheld game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was first released in Japan on December 12 , 2004 , in North America on March 24 , 2005 , and in PAL regions on September 1 , 2005 , and is the first handheld installment in the PlayStation line of consoles . As a seventh generation console , the PSP primarily competed with the Nintendo DS . Development of the PSP was announced during E3 2003 , and the console was unveiled at a Sony press conference on May 11 , 2004 . The system was the most powerful portable console when it was introduced , and was the first real competitor of Nintendo 's handheld consoles after many challengers , such as SNK 's Neo Geo Pocket and Nokia 's N-Gage , had failed . The PSP 's advanced graphics capabilities made it a popular mobile entertainment device , which could connect to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 consoles , computers running Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh software , other PSP systems , and the Internet . The PSP is the only handheld console to use an optical disc format - Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) - as its primary storage medium . The PSP was received positively by critics , and sold over 80 million units during its ten-year lifetime . Several models of the console were released , before the PSP line was succeeded by the PlayStation Vita , released in Japan in 2011 and worldwide a year later . The Vita has backward compatibility with PSP games that were released on the PlayStation Network through the PlayStation Store , which became the main method of purchasing PSP games after Sony shut down access to the store from the PSP on March 31 , 2016 . Hardware shipments of the PSP ended worldwide in 2014 ; production of UMDs ended when the last Japanese factory producing them closed in late 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nihon_Shoki", "text": "The Nihon Shoki ( 日本書紀 ) , sometimes translated as The Chronicles of Japan , is the second-oldest book of classical Japanese history . The book is also called the Nihongi ( 日本紀 , Japanese Chronicles ) . It is more elaborate and detailed than the Kojiki , the oldest , and has proven to be an important tool for historians and archaeologists as it includes the most complete extant historical record of ancient Japan . The Nihon Shoki was finished in 720 under the editorial supervision of Prince Toneri and with the assistance of Ō no Yasumaro dedicated to Empress Genshō . The Nihon Shoki begins with the Japanese creation myth , explaining the origin of the world and the first seven generations of divine beings ( starting with Kuninotokotachi ) , and goes on with a number of myths as does the Kojiki , but continues its account through to events of the 8th century . It is believed to record accurately the latter reigns of Emperor Tenji , Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jitō . The Nihon Shoki focuses on the merits of the virtuous rulers as well as the errors of the bad rulers . It describes episodes from mythological eras and diplomatic contacts with other countries . The Nihon Shoki was written in classical Chinese , as was common for official documents at that time . The Kojiki , on the other hand , is written in a combination of Chinese and phonetic transcription of Japanese ( primarily for names and songs ) . The Nihon Shoki also contains numerous transliteration notes telling the reader how words were pronounced in Japanese . Collectively , the stories in this book and the Kojiki are referred to as the Kiki stories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sabinov", "text": "Sabinov ( Latin : Сibinium , Hungarian : Kisszeben , German : Zeben , Russian : Сабинов ) is a small town located in the Prešov Region ( north-eastern Slovakia ) , approximately 20 km from Prešov and 55 km from Košice . The population of Sabinov is 12,700 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/United_States_Securities_and_Exchange_Commission", "text": "The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) is an independent agency of the United States federal government . The SEC holds primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws , proposing securities rules , and regulating the securities industry , which is the nation 's stock and options exchanges , and other activities and organizations , including the electronic securities markets in the United States . In addition to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , which created it , the SEC enforces the Securities Act of 1933 , the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 , the Investment Company Act of 1940 , the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , and other statutes . The SEC was created by Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( now codified as 15 U.S.C . § 78d and commonly referred to as the Exchange Act or the 1934 Act ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lancaster,_Ohio", "text": "Lancaster ( locally /ˈlæŋk ( ə ) stər/ LANK- ( ə- ) stər ) is a city in Fairfield County , Ohio , in the south central part of the state . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 38,780 . The city is located near the Hocking River , approximately 33 miles ( 53 km ) southeast of Columbus , 38 miles ( 61 km ) miles southwest of Zanesville , and is the county seat of Fairfield County ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelly_Rebar", "text": "Kelly Rebar ( born 1956 in Lethbridge , Alberta ) is a Canadian playwright and screenwriter , best known for the play and film Bordertown Café . Her first play , Chatters , was produced at Calgary 's Factory Theatre West in 1974 . She studied film at York University in Toronto , Ontario , graduating in 1978 . Her second play , Checkin ' Out , was produced by Northern Light Theatre in 1981 , and Bordertown Café was first staged in 1987 . Her other plays have included First Snowfall and Cornflower Blue . For the theatrical version of Bordertown Café , she was shortlisted for the Dora Mavor Moore Award for Outstanding New Play in 1989 , and won the Canadian Authors Association award for drama in 1990 , and for the film version she was a shortlisted Genie Award nominee for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 13th Genie Awards in 1992 . She subsequently concentrated on film and television writing , including the television series Wind at My Back and Jake and the Kid , and CBC Television 's film adaptation of Alice Munro 's Lives of Girls and Women ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tezpur", "text": "Tezpur ( /tɛzˈpʊər/ ) is a city and urban agglomeration in Sonitpur district , Assam state , India . Tezpur is on the banks of the river Brahmaputra , 175 kilometres ( 109 mi ) northeast of Guwahati , and is the largest of the north bank towns with a population exceeding 100,000 as per Metropolitan Census 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_2014_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine skiing at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held in Russia from 9-22 February at Rosa Khutor Alpine Resort near Krasnaya Polyana , east of Sochi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016–17_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2016-17 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 11 , 2016 . The first tournament was the 2K Sports Classic , and ended with the Final Four in Glendale , Arizona on April 3 , 2017 . Practices officially began on September 30 , 2016 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1951", "text": "Miss World 1951 , the first Miss World pageant , was held on 29 July 1951 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . The contest was originally intended to be a one-off event connected with the Festival of Britain . A total of 26 contestants competed for the inaugural Miss World title ; while the names of 16 contestants are archived , there is no information on the remaining 10 contestants who represented Britain . The winner was Kiki Håkansson from Sweden . She wore a bikini when being crowned , the only winner to ever do so ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paula_Lane", "text": "Paula Lane ( born 17 April 1986 ) is an English actress . She is best known for the role of Kylie Platt in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 2010 to 2016 . After playing Kylie for nearly six years , Lane quit the role to focus on raising her two children and running her husband 's acting school ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hamza_Nagga", "text": "Hamza Nagga ( born 29 May 1990 in Tunis , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian volleyball player . He is 196 cm high and plays as opposite hitter . He was part of the Tunisian team at the 2012 Summer Olympics ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Die_Hard", "text": "Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan , written by Jeb Stuart and Steven E. de Souza . Based on Roderick Thorp 's 1979 novel Nothing Lasts Forever , it was produced by the Gordon Company and Silver Pictures , and distributed by 20th Century Fox . The film follows off-duty New York City Police Department officer John McClane ( Bruce Willis ) who is caught in a Los Angeles skyscraper on Christmas Eve during a heist led by criminal mastermind Hans Gruber ( Alan Rickman ) . Made for $ 28 million , Die Hard grossed over $ 141 million theatrically worldwide . Turning Willis into an action star , the film became a metonym for an action film in which a lone hero fights overwhelming odds . The film 's success spurred creation of the Die Hard franchise , which includes four sequels , a number of video games , and a comic book . In 2017 , it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry . Die Hard has been named one of the best action and Christmas-themed films ever made . The film also ranks No . 20 on Empire 's 2017 list of the 100 greatest movies of all time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/30th_Grammy_Awards", "text": "The 30th Annual Grammy Awards were held March 2 , 1988 , at Radio City Music Hall , New York City . They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year . Album of the Year went to U2 for The Joshua Tree , and Song of the Year went to Barry Mann , Cynthia Weil and James Horner for Somewhere Out There ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bipin_Chandra_Joshi", "text": "General Bipin Chandra Joshi , PVSM , AVSM , ADC ( 5 December 1935 - 19 November 1994 ) was the 17th Chief of Army Staff ( COAS ) of the Indian Army . He was born in Pithoragarh , Uttarakhand ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pretoria", "text": "Pretoria ( /prɪˈtɔːriə/ pri-TOR-ee-ə ; Zulu : ePitoli ; Tswana : Tshwane ) is the fourth most populous city in South Africa after Durban and is an administrative capital of South Africa . It straddles the Apies River and has spread eastwards into the foothills of the Magaliesberg mountains . It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the seat of the administrative branch of government ( Cape Town is the legislative capital and Bloemfontein the judicial capital ) , and of foreign embassies to South Africa . Pretoria has a reputation for being an academic city with three universities , the Tshwane University of Technology ( TUT ) , University of Pretoria ( UP ) , and the University of South Africa ( UNISA ) , also home to the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) , and the Human Sciences Research Council . The city also hosts the National Research Foundation and the South African Bureau of Standards making the city a hub for research . Pretoria is the central part of the Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality which was formed by the amalgamation of several former local authorities including Centurion and Soshanguve . There have been proposals to change the name of Pretoria itself to Tshwane and the proposed name change has caused some public controversy , Pretoria was one of the host cities of the official tournament for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . Pretoria is named after the Voortrekker leader Andries Pretorius , and within South Africa sometimes called the Jacaranda City due to the thousands of jacaranda trees planted in its streets , parks and gardens ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Yamatokōriyama,_Nara", "text": "Yamatokōriyama ( 大和郡山市 , Yamatokōriyama-shi ) is a city in Nara Prefecture , Japan . As of 31 March 2017 [ update ] , the city has an estimated population of 87,541 and 37,705 households ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holland,_Michigan", "text": "Holland is a city in the western region of the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan . It is situated near the eastern shore of Lake Michigan on Lake Macatawa , which is fed by the Macatawa River ( formerly known locally as the Black River ) . The city spans the Ottawa/Allegan county line , with 9.08 square miles ( 23.52 km2 ) in Ottawa and the remaining 8.13 square miles ( 21.06 km2 ) in Allegan . As of the 2010 census , the population was 33,051 , with an Urbanized Area population of 113,164 , Holland , MI Urbanized Area as of 2015 [ update ] , ACS Demographic and Housing Estimates : Holland is the largest city in Ottawa County , and as of 2013 [ update ] part of the Grand Rapids-Wyoming-Muskegon Metropolitan Statistical Area . Holland was founded by Dutch Americans , and is in an area that has a large percentage of citizens of Dutch American heritage . It is home to Hope College and Western Theological Seminary , institutions of the Reformed Church in America . In February 1996 the Holland City Council approved a sister city relationship between Santiago de Querétaro , Querétaro , Mexico and the City of Holland , Michigan , USA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Bull_Racing", "text": "Red Bull Racing ( currently sponsored name Aston Martin Red Bull Racing and also simply known as Red Bull or RBR ) is a Formula One racing team , racing a Honda powered car under an Austrian licence and based in the United Kingdom . The team raced under a British licence from 2005 to 2006 and has raced under an Austrian licence since 2007 . It is one of two Formula One teams owned by beverage company Red Bull GmbH , the other being Scuderia AlphaTauri ( previously Scuderia Toro Rosso ) . The team has been managed by Christian Horner since its formation in 2005 . Red Bull had Cosworth engines in 2005 and Ferrari engines in 2006 . The team used engines supplied by Renault between 2007 and 2018 ( from 2016 to 2018 the Renault engine was re-badged TAG Heuer following the breakdown in the relationship between Red Bull and Renault in 2015 ) . During this partnership they won four successive Drivers ' and Constructors ' Championship titles from 2010 to 2013 , becoming the first Austrian team to win the title . The team began using Honda engines in 2019 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Parable_of_the_strong_man", "text": "The Parable of the strong man ( also known as the parable of the burglar and the parable of the powerful man ) is a parable told by Jesus in the New Testament , found in Matt 12:29 , Mark 3:27 , and Luke 11:21-22 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1997–98_Detroit_Red_Wings_season", "text": "The 1997-98 Detroit Red Wings season was the 72nd National Hockey League season in Detroit , Michigan . The highlight of the Red Wings ' season was winning the Stanley Cup for a second season in a row ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swoop_(Philadelphia_Eagles)", "text": "Swoop is the mascot used by the NFL Football team the Philadelphia Eagles . He is an eagle wearing a sports jersey of the Philadelphia Eagles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Corina_Crețu", "text": "Corina Crețu ( born June 24 , 1967 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian politician and the incumbent European Commissioner for Regional Policy . Crețu is a member of the Romanian PRO Romania and former Member of the European Parliament ( sitting with the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats ) . Between June 2014 and October 2014 , she served as a Vice-President of the European Parliament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Summit_League", "text": "The Summit League , or The Summit , is an NCAA Division I intercollegiate athletic conference with its membership mostly located in the Midwestern United States from Indiana and Illinois on the East of the Mississippi River to the Dakotas and Nebraska on the West , with additional members in the Western state of Colorado and the Southern state of Oklahoma . Founded as the Association of Mid-Continent Universities in 1982 , it was rebranded as the Mid-Continent Conference in 1989 . On June 1 , 2007 , the conference changed its name from the Mid-Continent Conference . League headquarters are in Sioux Falls , South Dakota . The membership currently consists of nine full members plus four associate members . In July 2020 , the University of Missouri-Kansas City will return as a full member after a seven-year absence with the new athletic identity of the Kansas City Roos , while Purdue University Fort Wayne will leave for the Horizon League . A total of 31 schools have been full members , but the only charter member remaining in the league today is Western Illinois University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Exploration_of_Mars", "text": "The planet Mars has been explored remotely by spacecraft . Probes sent from Earth , beginning in the late 20th century , have yielded a large increase in knowledge about the Martian system , focused primarily on understanding its geology and habitability potential . Engineering interplanetary journeys is complicated and the exploration of Mars has experienced a high failure rate , especially the early attempts . Roughly sixty percent of all spacecraft destined for Mars failed before completing their missions and some failed before their observations could begin . Some missions have met with unexpected success , such as the twin Mars Exploration Rovers , which operated for years beyond their specification ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Laurel_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Laurel County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 58,849 . Its county seat is London . Laurel County is included in the London , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area . Laurel County , After a special election in January 2016 alcohol sales is permitted only in the city limits of London . The ordinance went into effect on March 27 , 2016 60 days after results of the election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Netcare", "text": "Netcare ( Network Healthcare Holdings Limited ) is a South African health care company . It is the largest provider of private healthcare ( ahead of LIFE Healthcare , formally known as Afrox Healthcare and Mediclinic International ) in both South Africa and the United Kingdom . It acquired a controlling stake in the UK 's General Healthcare Group in 2006 , and provides services to the National Health Service via its subsidiary General Healthcare Group . The current chairman is Thevendrie Brewer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Walter_B._Jones,_Sr.", "text": "Walter Beaman Jones Sr. ( August 19 , 1913 - September 15 , 1992 ) , was an American Democratic politician from the state of North Carolina who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1966 until his death from natural causes in Norfolk , Virginia , in 1992 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Neville_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Neville Township is a township in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States . Its land area consists entirely of Neville Island , which is an island on the Ohio River . The population was 1,084 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kirkland,_Quebec", "text": "Kirkland is an on-island suburb on the Island of Montreal in southwestern Quebec , Canada . As of 2016 , the population was 20,151 , representing a percentage change of 5.2% from 2011 . This compares to the national average growth of 5.9% . Land area is 9.64 square kilometers with a population density of 2,204.4 persons per square kilometer . This compares to the provincial areas of 1,356,547.2 square kilometers with a population density of 5.8 persons per square kilometer . In 2011 , Kirkland had 6,828 private dwellings occupied by usual residents . The change in private dwellings occupied by usual residents from 2006 was 4.4% . For Canada as a whole , the number of private dwellings occupied by usual residents increase by 7.1% . Kirkland is part of the census metropolitan area of Montreal . In Kirkland , 62.2% of the total population aged 15 and over were either married ( 57.2% ) or living with a common-law partner ( 5.0% ) . The remaining 37.7% were not married and not living with a common-law partner , including those who were single , separated , divorced or widowed . The city of Kirkland is named after Charles-Aimé Kirkland , a Quebec provincial politician ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Digicel", "text": "Digicel is a Caribbean mobile phone network and home entertainment provider operating in 33 markets across the Caribbean , Central America , and Oceania regions . The company is owned by the Irish billionaire Denis O'Brien , is incorporated in Bermuda , and based in Jamaica . It has about 14 million wireless users . Digicel is present in Anguilla , Antigua and Barbuda , Aruba , Barbados , Bermuda , Bonaire , the British Virgin Islands , the Cayman Islands , Curaçao , Dominica , El Salvador , Fiji , French Guiana , Grenada , Guadeloupe , Montserrat , Guyana , Haiti , Jamaica , Martinique , Nauru , Panama , Papua New Guinea , Samoa , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Martin and Saint Barth , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Suriname , Tonga , Trinidad & Tobago , Turks and Caicos , and Vanuatu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kathryn_Mary_Murphy", "text": "Kathryn Mary Murphy is a Canadian neuroscientist and professor who studies development and plasticity of the brain . She has been a professor at McMaster University since 1994 , where she founded the neuroscience program and prior to that was at McGill University where she won a University Research Fellowship from NSERC and a Sloan Research Fellowship from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation . Born in Calgary , Alberta , she grew up in Burlington , Ontario attending the University of Western Ontario for her bachelor 's degree and Dalhousie University for her Masters and Ph.D. degrees . While at Dalhousie she held a Ross C. Purse scholarship from the CNIB and an NSERC Doctoral scholarship . Her academic training took her to the University of California , Berkeley School of Optometry on postdoctoral fellowships from Fight For Sight and NSERC . For ten years ( 2007-2017 ) , she was the Director of the McMaster Integrated Neuroscience Discovery & Study program ( MiNDS ) . Her research includes studying developmental and lifespan changes in the human brain . She has served as a Chair , Scientific Officer and Reviewer for the Canadian Institutes of Health Research ( CIHR ) grant selection panels and was the editor of the Synaptosomes book no-repeat ; background-position : right .1em center } ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Susie_Lipanova", "text": "Professional skaters from the British television show Dancing on Ice are figure skaters who appear with celebrities in front of a panel of judges . Most of the professionals on the series are former ice dancers or pair skaters ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2015–16_NCAA_Division_I_men's_basketball_season", "text": "The 2015-16 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season began on November 13 . The first tournament was the 2K Sports Classic and ended with the Final Four in Houston April 2-4 . Practices officially began on October 2 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rugby_League_Park", "text": "Orangetheory Stadium is a football stadium in Christchurch , New Zealand . Formerly called AMI Stadium , and before that , the Addington Showgrounds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Christiane_F.", "text": "Christiane Vera Felscherinow ( born 20 May 1962 ) is a German actress and musician who is best known for her contribution to the 1978 autobiographical book Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ( We Children of Bahnhof Zoo ) , and the film based on the book , in which her teenage drug use is documented ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCFW-TV", "text": "NBC Montana is a regional network of three television stations in western Montana , all affiliated with NBC . The flagship station is KECI-TV in Missoula , broadcasting on virtual and VHF digital channel 13 . It includes two semi-satellites : KCFW-TV ( channel 9 ) in Kalispell and KTVM-TV ( channel 6 ) in Butte . It also serves Bozeman via Class A translator KDBZ-CD ( channel 29 ) , which directly repeats KTVM . All stations are owned and operated by the Sinclair Broadcast Group . The stations air the same programming most of the time , but KCFW and KTVM air their own commercials and legal identifications , as well as partially separate local newscasts . The combined signal of the three full-power stations and numerous low-power transmitters provides at least Grade B coverage of approximately 45 percent of the state . The stations reach an estimated 200,000 households . The coverage area stretches from Salmon , Idaho , through Helena to Bozeman in the east . It also includes parts of southern Alberta , Canada near the U.S.-Canada border . KECI 's studios , which house master control and internal operations for all three stations , are located on West Main Street in downtown Missoula . KCFW is based on 1st Avenue in downtown Kalispell , while KTVM is based on Dewey Avenue in Butte ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Green_Acres", "text": "Green Acres was an American sitcom starring Eddie Albert and Eva Gabor as a couple who move from New York City to a country farm . Produced by Filmways as a sister show to Petticoat Junction , the series was first broadcast on CBS , from September 15 , 1965 , to April 27 , 1971 . All episodes were filmed in color . Receiving solid ratings during its six-year run , Green Acres was cancelled in 1971 as part of the rural purge by CBS . The sitcom has been in syndication and is available on DVD and VHS releases . In 1997 the two-part episode A Star Named Arnold Is Born was ranked # 59 on TV Guide 's 100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anfield", "text": "Anfield is a football stadium in Anfield , Liverpool , Merseyside , England , which has a seating capacity of 54,074 , making it the seventh largest football stadium in England . It has been the home of Liverpool F.C . since their formation in 1892 . It was originally the home of Everton F.C . from 1884 to 1891 , before they moved to Goodison Park after a dispute with the club president . The stadium has four stands : the Spion Kop , the Main Stand , the Sir Kenny Dalglish Stand and the Anfield Road End . The record attendance of 61,905 was set at a match between Liverpool and Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1952 . The ground converted to an all-seater stadium in 1994 as a result of the Taylor Report , which reduced its capacity . Two gates at the stadium are named after former Liverpool managers : Bill Shankly and Bob Paisley . Both managers have been honoured with statues outside the stadium : Shankly 's unveiled in 1997 by the Kop Stand and Paisley 's in 2020 by the Main Stand . The ground is 2 miles ( 3 km ) from Liverpool Lime Street railway station . It was proposed in 2002 to replace the stadium with a new one in the adjacent Stanley Park , but after the acquisition of Liverpool F.C ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Cray", "text": "Robert William Cray ( born August 1 , 1953 ) is an American blues guitarist and singer . He has led his own band and won five Grammy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Salesianum_School", "text": "Salesianum School is a Roman Catholic independent school for boys located in Wilmington , Delaware . It is run independently within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington and is operated by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales . The current enrollment is about 1,100 students , from Delaware , Maryland , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania . Salesianum has established a close connection with Lycée Saint Michel , another Oblate high school , located in Annecy , France . [ citation needed ] Salesianum was named one of the Top 50 Catholic High Schools in America by the Catholic Honor Roll in 2004 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Henry's_Cat", "text": "Henry 's Cat is a British animated children 's television series , created by Stan Hayward and directed by Bob Godfrey , who was also the producer of Roobarb and Noah and Nelly in . SkylArk . The show starred a yellow feline , known only as Henry 's Cat , and his many friends and enemies . In every episode , narration and character voices were provided by Bob Godfrey . Henry 's Cat was first screened by BBC Television in the United Kingdom on 12 September 1983 , and has enjoyed repeats since then . Five series were made in total ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Song_dynasty", "text": "The Song dynasty ( Chinese : 宋朝 ; pinyin : Sòng cháo ; 960-1279 ) was an imperial dynasty of China that began in 960 and lasted until 1279 . The dynasty was founded by Emperor Taizu of Song following his usurpation of the throne of the Later Zhou , ending the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period . The Song often came into conflict with the contemporaneous Liao , Western Xia and Jin dynasties to its north . It was eventually conquered by the Mongol-led Yuan dynasty . The Song government was the first in world history to issue banknotes or true paper money nationally and the first Chinese government to establish a permanent standing navy . This dynasty also saw the first known use of gunpowder , as well as the first discernment of true north using a compass . The Song dynasty is divided into two distinct periods : Northern Song and Southern Song . During the Northern Song ( Chinese : 北宋 ; 960-1127 ) , the Song capital was in the northern city of Bianjing ( now Kaifeng ) and the dynasty controlled most of what is now Eastern China . The Southern Song ( Chinese : 南宋 ; 1127-1279 ) refers to the period after the Song lost control of its northern half to the Jurchen-led Jin dynasty in the Jin-Song Wars . During this time , the Song court retreated south of the Yangtze and established its capital at Lin'an ( now Hangzhou ) . Although the Song dynasty had lost control of the traditional birthplace of Chinese civilization along the Yellow River , the Song economy was still strong , as the Southern Song empire contained a large population and productive agricultural land . The Southern Song dynasty considerably bolstered its naval strength to defend its waters and land borders and to conduct maritime missions abroad ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Florida", "text": "Florida ( /ˈflɒrɪdə/ ( listen ) , Spanish pronunciation : [ floˈɾiða ] ) is the southernmost contiguous state in the United States . The state is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the northwest by Alabama , to the north by Georgia , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , and to the south by the Straits of Florida . Florida is the 22nd-most extensive ( 65,755 sq mi or 170,300 km2 ) , the 3rd-most populous ( 21,477,737 inhabitants ) , and the 8th-most densely populated ( 384.3/sq mi or 148.4/km2 ) of the U.S. states . Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States . The Miami metropolitan area is Florida 's most populous urban area , with its capital being Tallahassee . Florida 's $ 1.0 trillion economy is the fourth largest in the United States . If it were a country , Florida would be the 16th largest economy in the world , and the 58th most populous as of 2018 [ update ] . In 2017 , Florida 's per capita personal income was $ 47,684 , ranking 26th in the nation . The unemployment rate in September 2018 was 3.5% and ranked as the 18th in the United States . Florida exports nearly $ 55 billion in goods made in the state , the 8th highest among all states . The Miami Metropolitan Area is by far the largest urban economy in Florida and the 12th largest in the United States with a GDP of $ 345 billion as of 2017 [ update ] . This is more than twice the number of the next metro area , the Tampa Bay Area , which has a GDP of $ 145 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Quitilipi", "text": "Quitilipi is a city in Chaco Province , Argentina . It is the head town of the Quitilipi Department ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1954", "text": "Miss World 1954 , the 4th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 18 October 1954 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . 17 contestants competed for the crown . Denise Perrier of France crowned her successor Antigone Costanda of Egypt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009_European_Athletics_U23_Championships", "text": "The 7th European Athletics U23 Championships were held between 16 and 19 July 2009 in the S. Darius and S. Girėnas Stadium in Kaunas , Lithuania . Complete results and medal winners were published ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barranquilla", "text": "Barranquilla ( American Spanish : [ baraŋˈkiʝa ] ( listen ) ) is the capital district of Atlántico Department in Colombia . It is located near the Caribbean Sea and is the largest city and second port in the northern Caribbean Coast region ; as of 2018 it had a population of 1,206,319 making it Colombia 's fourth-most populous city after Bogotá , Medellín and Cali . Barranquilla lies strategically next to the delta of the Magdalena River , 7.5 kilometres ( 4.7 miles ) ( originally 25 kilometres ( 16 miles ) before rapid urban growth ) from its mouth at the Caribbean Sea , serving as a port for river and maritime transportation within Colombia . It is also the main industrial , shopping , educational and cultural center of the Caribbean Region of Colombia . The city is the core of the Metropolitan Area of Barranquilla , which also includes the municipalities of Soledad , Galapa , Malambo , and Puerto Colombia . Barranquilla was legally established as a town on April 7 , 1813 , although it dates from at least 1629 . It grew into an important port , serving as a haven for immigrants from Europe , especially during and immediately following World War I and World War II , when waves of additional immigrants from the Middle East and Asia arrived . Barranquilla became Colombia 's principal port , and with its level of industrialization and modernity earned the city the nickname Colombia 's Golden Gate ( Spanish : La Puerta de Oro de Colombia ) . In the 1940s , Barranquilla was the second-largest city in Colombia and one of the most modern cities in the Caribbean and in South America ; later local administrations , due to widespread corruption in their ranks , brought about a decline in the standard of living . As government investment increased in other Colombian cities , Barranquilla 's national position was eclipsed . The city is home to one of the most important folk and cultural festivals of Colombia , the Carnival of Barranquilla , which was declared a National Cultural Heritage by the Congress of Colombia in 2001 and recognized by UNESCO in 2003 . Ernesto Cortissoz International Airport , built in Barranquilla in 1919 , was the first airport in South America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/WUWG", "text": "WUWG FM 90.7 is the radio station that formally broadcast at the University of West Georgia in Carrollton , Georgia , and a part of the GPB Radio state network . This station is one of several in the GPB system that also produces its own programming , however the vast majority is simulcast . This is also duplicated locally both by GPB 's WJSP-FM , and now WGPB FM , with most NPR programming also carried by non-GPB station WABE FM 90.1 from nearby Atlanta . Several programs are now also duplicated on WRAS FM 88.5 , most of whose broadcast day was involuntarily taken from GSU students in June 2014 , resulting in programs like Morning Edition and All Things Considered being needlessly aired on five local stations at once for seven total hours every weekday . Originally licensed to the university and operated entirely by students , WUWG was transferred outright to GPB in 2004 , though it is unclear under what circumstances . When GPB pulled broadcasting operations to their Atlanta offices in 2008 , Dr. Brad Yates made advances to start a new student run radio station ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kayak_racing", "text": "Canoe sprint is a sport in which athletes race canoes or kayaks on calm water ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Role-playing_video_game", "text": "A role-playing video game ( commonly referred to as simply a role-playing game or an RPG as well as a computer role-playing game or a CRPG ) is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a character ( and/or several party members ) immersed in some well-defined world . Many role-playing video games have origins in tabletop role-playing games ( including Dungeons & Dragons ) and use much of the same terminology , settings and game mechanics . Other major similarities with pen-and-paper games include developed story-telling and narrative elements , player character development , complexity , as well as replay value and immersion . The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed . RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chico_Borja", "text": "Hernan Chico Borja ( born August 24 , 1959 in Quito , Ecuador ) is a retired U.S.-Ecuadorian soccer player and current soccer coach . He spent time in the several U.S.-based leagues including the North American Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League and the American Soccer League . He also earned eleven caps with the U.S. national team . He has been a resident of Belleville , New Jersey . He is a resident of Plantation , Florida ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Keke_Rosberg", "text": "Keijo Erik Rosberg ( pronunciation ( help·info ) ; born 6 December 1948 ) , known as Keke , is a Finnish former racing driver and winner of the 1982 Formula One World Championship . He was the first Finnish driver to compete regularly in the series . He is the father of retired Formula One driver and 2016 Formula One World Champion Nico Rosberg ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Korea", "text": "South Korea ( Korean : 한국/韓國 ; RR : Hanguk or literally 남한/南韓 ; RR : Namhan ) , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국/大韓民國 ; RR : Daehan Minguk ) is a country in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea . The name Korea is derived from Goguryeo , which was one of the great powers in East Asia during its time , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula , Manchuria , parts of the Russian Far East and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Its capital , Seoul , is a major global city and half of South Korea 's over 51 million people live in the Seoul Capital Area , the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world . The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period . Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BC . Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century , Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty ( 918-1392 ) and the Joseon dynasty ( 1392-1897 ) . The succeeding Korean Empire was annexed into the Empire of Japan in 1910 . After World War II , Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S.-administered zones , with the latter becoming the Republic of Korea in August 1948 . In 1950 , a North Korean invasion began the Korean War and after its end in 1953 , the country 's economy began to soar , recording the fastest rise in average GDP per capita in the world between 1980 and 1990 . Authoritarian rule ended in 1987 and the country is now the most advanced democracy with the highest level of press freedom in Asia . South Korea is a member of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , the G20 and the Paris Club . South Korea is a highly developed country and the world 's 12th-largest economy by nominal GDP ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lower_Shebelle", "text": "Lower Shabelle ( Somali : Shabeellaha Hoose , Arabic : شبيلي السفلى , Italian : Basso Scebeli ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in southern Somalia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Michigan", "text": "The University of Michigan ( UM , U-M , U of M , or UMich ) , often simply referred to as Michigan , is a public research university in Ann Arbor , Michigan . The university is Michigan 's oldest ; it was founded in 1817 in Detroit , as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , 20 years before the territory became a state . The school was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres ( 16 ha ) of what is now known as Central Campus . Since its establishment in Ann Arbor , the flagship university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than 34 million gross square feet ( 780 acres ; 3.2 km2 ) spread out over a Central Campus and North Campus , two regional campuses in Flint and Dearborn , and a Center in Detroit . The university is a founding member of the Association of American Universities . Considered one of the foremost research universities in the United States with annual research expenditures approaching $ 1.5 billion , Michigan is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . As of October 2019 [ update ] , 25 Nobel Prize winners , 6 Turing Award winners and 1 Fields Medalist have been affiliated with the University of Michigan . Its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities , social sciences , and STEM fields ( science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ) as well as professional degrees in architecture , business , medicine , law , pharmacy , nursing , social work , public health , and dentistry . Michigan 's body of living alumni comprises more than 540,000 people , one of the largest alumni bases of any university in the world . Michigan 's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Wolverines . They are members of the Big Ten Conference . More than 250 Michigan athletes or coaches have participated in Olympic events , winning more than 150 medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tennis_(1984_video_game)", "text": "Tennis [ a ] is a sports game developed and released by Nintendo for the NES . In North America and Europe , Tennis was one of 18 launch games for the NES . The game was also later released for the Game Boy as a launch title in North America ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Duquesne_Dukes", "text": "The Duquesne Dukes are the athletic teams of Duquesne University of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The Dukes compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference . Football and bowling , however , compete in the Northeast Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gibson_Motorsport", "text": "Gibson Motorsport was an Australian motor racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship from 1981 until 2003 , though the team had its roots in Gibson 's Road & Track team which ran a series of Ford Falcon GTHOs in Series Production during the late 1960s and early 1970s . The name of the team was also the name of Fred Gibson 's automotive business in Sydney . As Gibson was also a driver for the Ford Works Team , his team was sometimes a pseudo-works team when the Ford factory did not enter ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alonzo_Russell", "text": "Alonzo Russell ( born 8 February 1992 ) is a Bahamian sprinter specialising in the 400 metres . He represented his country at the 2015 World Championships and 2016 World Indoor Championships . His personal bests in the event are 45.25 seconds outdoors ( Nassau , BAAA Nationals 2016 ) and 46.44 seconds indoors ( Albuquerque 2014 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Toronto_Maple_Leafs", "text": "The Toronto Maple Leafs , officially the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club and often simply referred to as the Leafs , are a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The club is owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment , Ltd. and are represented by Chairman Larry Tanenbaum . The Maple Leafs ' broadcasting rights are split between BCE Inc. and Rogers Communications . For their first 14 seasons , the club played their home games at the Mutual Street Arena , before moving to Maple Leaf Gardens in 1931 . The Maple Leafs moved to their present home , Scotiabank Arena ( originally named the Air Canada Centre ) in February 1999 . The club was founded in 1917 , operating simply as Toronto and known then as the Toronto Arenas . Under new ownership , the club was renamed the Toronto St. Patricks in 1919 . In 1927 the club was purchased by Conn Smythe and renamed the Maple Leafs . A member of the Original Six , the club was one of six NHL teams to have endured through the period of League retrenchment during the Great Depression . The club has won thirteen Stanley Cup championships , second only to the 24 championships of the Montreal Canadiens . The Maple Leafs history includes two recognized dynasties , from 1947 to 1951 ; and from 1962 to 1967 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/First_Presbyterian_Church_(Oshkosh,_Wisconsin)", "text": "First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 110 Church Avenue in Oshkosh , Wisconsin , United States . It was designed by Walter A. Holbrook of Milwaukee and built in 1893 . The style is Richardsonian-Romanesque , with a complex , irregular profusion of turrets , chimneys and towers resembling Richardson 's early libraries , meant to suggest it had been gradually added onto over many years . The exterior is red brick with stone trim . The interior normally seated 500 people , but could be expanded by raising doors to other rooms . A manse and office were added in 1905 . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 , based on its architecture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kelsey_Grammer", "text": "Allen Kelsey Grammer ( born February 21 , 1955 ) is an American actor , voice actor , comedian , singer , producer , director , writer and activist , best known for his two-decade-long portrayal of psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane on the NBC sitcoms Cheers and Frasier . He also produced the sitcom Girlfriends , which aired on UPN and The CW . Grammer has won five Primetime Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , one Daytime Emmy Award and one Tony Award ; additionally , he has also worked as a television producer , director , and writer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Speedway,_Indiana", "text": "Speedway is a town in Wayne Township , Marion County , Indiana , United States . The population was 11,812 at the 2010 census . Speedway is home of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway ; it is an enclave of Indianapolis ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Stratford", "text": "Old Stratford is a village in the south of the English county of Northamptonshire . The population of the village ( including Passenham ) at the 2011 Census was 1,935 . The 'Stratford ' part of the village name is Anglo-Saxon in origin and means 'ford on a Roman road ' . The Roman road in this sense is the Watling Street that runs through the middle of the village ."}
{"title": "/wiki/War_and_Peace", "text": "War and Peace ( pre-reform Russian : Война и миръ ; post-reform Russian : Война и мир , romanized : Vojna i mir [ vɐjˈna i ˈmʲir ] ) is a novel by the Russian author Leo Tolstoy , published serially , then in its entirety in 1869 . It is regarded as one of Tolstoy 's finest literary achievements . The novel chronicles the French invasion of Russia and the impact of the Napoleonic era on Tsarist society through the stories of five Russian aristocratic families . Portions of an earlier version , titled The Year 1805 , were serialized in The Russian Messenger from 1865 to 1867 , then published in its entirety in 1869 . Tolstoy said War and Peace is not a novel , even less is it a poem , and still less a historical chronicle . Large sections , especially the later chapters , are philosophical discussion rather than narrative . Tolstoy also said that the best Russian literature does not conform to standards and hence hesitated to call War and Peace a novel . Instead , he regarded Anna Karenina as his first true novel ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Redeemer_University_College", "text": "Redeemer University is a private Christian liberal arts and science university located in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada in the rural community of Ancaster . Founded in 1982 , Redeemer stands in the Reformed Tradition and offers Bachelor of Arts , Bachelor of Education , and Bachelor of Science degrees ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1972–73_Montreal_Canadiens_season", "text": "The 1972-73 Montreal Canadiens season , the club 's 64th season , led to the Canadiens winning their 18th Stanley Cup in club history . ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Science_&_Faith", "text": "Science & Faith is the second studio album by Irish pop rock band The Script . It was released in Ireland on 10 September 2010 , via RCA Records . It was preceded by the lead single , For the First Time , on 3 September 2010 . It debuted at number one in Ireland and United Kingdom , selling 70,816 copies in its first week in the United Kingdom . In the United States , Science & Faith debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 49,000 copies . The album has sold 314,000 copies in the US , and over 1.5 million worldwide . The album was met with generally mixed reviews ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meiringen", "text": "Meiringen is a municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . Besides the village of Meiringen , the municipality includes the settlements of Balm , Brünigen , Eisenbolgen , Hausen , Prasti , Sand , Stein , Unterbach , Unterheidon , Wylerli and Zaun . Meiringen is famous for the nearby Reichenbach Falls , a spectacular waterfall that was the setting for the final showdown between Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's fictional detective Sherlock Holmes and his nemesis Professor Moriarty . The village is also known for its claim to have been the place where the meringue was first created . The municipal coat of arms shows a black eagle in a yellow field . ( Or an Eagle displayed Sable crowned , beaked , langued and membered of the first . ) Formerly the coat of arms of the entire Oberhasli Talschaft , this design continues the imperial coat of arms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Terrorism", "text": "Terrorism is , in the broadest sense , the use of intentional violence for political or religious purposes . It is used in this regard primarily to refer to violence during peacetime or in the context of war against non-combatants ( mostly civilians and neutral military personnel ) . The terms terrorist and terrorism originated during the French Revolution of the late 18th century but gained mainstream popularity in the 1970s during the conflicts of Northern Ireland , the Basque Country and Palestine . The increased use of suicide attacks from the 1980s onwards was typified by the September 11 attacks in New York City and Washington , D.C. in 2001 . There are different definitions of terrorism . Terrorism is a charged term . It is often used with the connotation of something that is morally wrong . Governments and non-state groups use the term to abuse or denounce opposing groups . Varied political organizations have been accused of using terrorism to achieve their objectives . These include right-wing and left-wing political organizations , nationalist groups , religious groups , revolutionaries and ruling governments . Legislation declaring terrorism a crime has been adopted in many states . When terrorism is perpetrated by nation states , it is not considered terrorism by the state conducting it , making legality a largely grey-area issue ."}
{"title": "/wiki/David_Tredinnick_(politician)", "text": "David Arthur Stephen Tredinnick ( born 19 January 1950 ) is a British Conservative Member of Parliament who represented Bosworth in Leicestershire from 1987 to 2019 . He is an advocate of alternative medicine , and has been chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group for Integrated Healthcare ( previously Integrated and Complementary Healthcare ) since 2002 . In February 2019 he announced that he would stand down from parliament at the next election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Akron", "text": "The University of Akron is a public research university in Akron , Ohio . It is part of the University System of Ohio . As a STEM-focused institution , it focuses on industries such as polymers , advanced materials , and engineering . The University of Akron offers about 200 undergraduate and more than 100 graduate majors and has an enrollment of approximately 20,000 students . The university 's College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering is housed in a 12-story reflective glass building near downtown Akron on the western edge of the main campus . UA 's Archives of the History of American Psychology is an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution . The university has three branch campuses : Wayne College in Orrville , Ohio ; the Medina County University Center , in Lafayette Township , Ohio ; and UA Lakewood , in the Cleveland suburb of Lakewood , Ohio . In addition , the university hosts nursing programs in affiliation with Lorain County Community College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meise", "text": "Meise ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈmɛi̯sə ] ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant . The municipality comprises the towns of Meise proper and Wolvertem ( a deelgemeente ) , and , several smaller villages like Sint-Brixius-Rode , Oppem , Meusegem , Impde/Imde , Rossem , Westrode and quarters as Bouchout , Nerom and Slozen . As of January 1 , 2006 , Meise had a total population of 18,464 . The total area is 34.82 km² which gives a population density of 530 inhabitants per km² . Meise is also a last name of a few families originating from Germany ."}
{"title": "/wiki/William_Drayton", "text": "William Drayton ( December 30 , 1776 - May 24 , 1846 ) was an American politician , banker , and writer who grew up in Charleston , South Carolina . He was the son of William Drayton , Sr. , who served as justice of the Province of East Florida ( 1765-1780 ) . Drayton served as a United States Representative to Congress ( 1825-1833 ) . Following the Nullification Crisis , as a unionist Drayton decided to move his family to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1833 . He lived there the rest of his life . He was appointed as president of the Second Bank of the United States ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Deutscher_Wetterdienst", "text": "The Deutscher Wetterdienst ( German pronunciation : [ ˌdɔʏ̯ʧɐ ˈvɛtɐdiːnst ] ) or DWD for short , is the German Meteorological Service , based in Offenbach am Main , Germany , which monitors weather and meteorological conditions over Germany and provides weather services for the general public and for nautical , aviational or agricultural purposes . It is attached to the Federal Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure . The DWDs principal tasks include warning against weather-related dangers and monitoring and rating climate changes affecting Germany . The organization runs atmospheric models on their supercomputer for precise weather forecasting . The DWD also manages the national climate archive and one of the largest specialized libraries on weather and climate worldwide ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Baddrol_Bakhtiar", "text": "Baddrol Bin Bakhtiar ( born 1 February 1988 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Kedah and the Malaysia national team . Baddrol is usually employed in the right side of the midfield role , although he has often been deployed as a left-sided midfielder . He is also a former member of Malaysia U-23 and Malaysia U-20 squad . He is regarded as the best player in right position in Malaysia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Russian_Football_Union", "text": "The Russian Football Union ( Russian : Российский Футбольный Союз , Rossiyskiy Futbolnyy Soyuz , or RFS ) is the official governing body of the sport of football in the Russian Federation . With headquarters in Moscow , it organizes Russian amateur and professional football , including the men 's , women 's , youth , beach football , futsal and Paralympic national teams . The RFS sanctions referees and football tournaments for Russian Football Premier League and most football leagues in Russia . RFU is currently headed by Aleksandr Dyukov , the CEO of Gazprom Neft ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Walking_Dead_(TV_series)", "text": "The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series for AMC based on the comic book series by Robert Kirkman , Tony Moore , and Charlie Adlard . The series features a large ensemble cast as survivors of a zombie apocalypse , trying to stay alive under near-constant threat of attacks from the mindless zombies , colloquially known as walkers . However , with the fall of humanity , these survivors also face conflict from other living survivors who have formed groups and communities with their own sets of laws and morals , often leading to hostile conflict between the human communities . Andrew Lincoln played the series 's lead character , Rick Grimes , until his departure during the ninth season . Other long-standing cast members have included Norman Reedus , Steven Yeun , Chandler Riggs , Melissa McBride , Lauren Cohan , Danai Gurira , Josh McDermitt and Christian Serratos . The series is exclusively broadcast on AMC in the United States and internationally through the Fox Networks Group . The series premiered on October 31 , 2010 . The tenth season premiered on October 6 , 2019 , and has been renewed for an eleventh season . AMC stated their intent to continue further development of the series and related media . A spinoff series Fear the Walking Dead premiered on August 23 , 2015 , and is renewed for a sixth season . A second spinoff , The Walking Dead : World Beyond , is set to premiere in early 2020 . AMC has announced plans for three films to follow Rick 's story after Lincoln 's departure ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Suspense_(radio_drama)", "text": "Suspense is a radio drama series broadcast on CBS Radio from 1940 through 1962 . One of the premier drama programs of the Golden Age of Radio , was subtitled radio 's outstanding theater of thrills and focused on suspense thriller-type scripts , usually featuring leading Hollywood actors of the era . Approximately 945 episodes were broadcast during its long run , and more than 900 still exist . Suspense went through several major phases , characterized by different hosts , sponsors , and director/producers . Formula plot devices were followed for all but a handful of episodes : the protagonist was usually a normal person suddenly dropped into a threatening or bizarre situation ; solutions were withheld until the last possible second ; and evildoers were usually punished in the end . In its early years , the program made only occasional forays into science fiction and fantasy . Notable exceptions include adaptations of Curt Siodmak 's Donovan 's Brain and H. P. Lovecraft 's The Dunwich Horror , but by the late 1950s , such material was regularly featured ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alla_Zhilyayeva", "text": "Alla Nikolayevna Zhilyaeva ( Russian : Алла Николаевна Жиляева ; born 5 February 1969 ) is a female long-distance runner from Russia . She set a Russian national record for the women 's 10,000 metres at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics , with a time of 30:23.07 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Knapdale_Forest", "text": "Knapdale ( Scottish Gaelic : Cnapadal ) forms a rural district of Argyll and Bute in the Scottish Highlands , adjoining Kintyre to the south , and divided from the rest of Argyll to the north by the Crinan Canal . It includes two parishes , North Knapdale and South Knapdale . The area is bounded by sea to the east and west ( Loch Fyne and the Sound of Jura respectively ) , whilst the sea loch of West Loch Tarbert almost completely cuts off the area from Kintyre to the south . The name is derived from two Gaelic elements : Cnap meaning hill and Dall meaning field . Knapdale gives its name to the Knapdale National Scenic Area , one of the forty national scenic areas in Scotland , which are defined so as to identify areas of exceptional scenery and to ensure its protection from inappropriate development . The designated area covers 32,832 ha in total , of which 20,821 ha is on land , with a further 12,011 ha being marine ( i.e . below low tide level ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Apalit,_Pampanga", "text": "Apalit , officially the Municipality of Apalit , is a 1st class municipality in the province of Pampanga , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 107,965 people . Apalit is surrounded by Macabebe , Masantol , Minalin and San Simon in Pampanga , and Calumpit , Pulilan , and Baliuag in Bulacan . Apalit is 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) from Manila , 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) from the provincial capital , San Fernando , and 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) from Angeles . The town is famous for its Apo Iru Fluvial Procession , which is listed as one of the most significant water-based intangible cultural heritage of the Philippines . The festival happens every June 28-30 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_Teen_USA_2002", "text": "Miss Teen USA 2002 , the 20th Miss Teen USA pageant , was televised live from South Padre Island , Texas on 28 August 2002 . At the conclusion of the final competition , Miss Wisconsin Teen USA Vanessa Marie Semrow was crowned by outgoing queen Marissa Whitley of Missouri . This was the second consecutive year that the pageant was held on South Padre Island , although it had also been held there in 1997 . Semrow was only the second teenager from Wisconsin to place in the pageant , and the first to win the title . The state 's previous placement was in 1984 . In the years after the pageant , two delegates who competed at Miss Teen USA 2002 went on to win the Miss USA title . The class of 2002 is the first to produce two Miss USA winners . The first was Tara Conner of Kentucky , who placed second runner-up at Miss Teen USA 2002 and won the Miss USA 2006 pageant ; she was followed by Rachel Smith of Tennessee ( semi-finalist and Miss Photogenic at Miss Teen USA ) who won Miss USA 2007 . Both placed fourth runner-up in the Miss Universe pageant . A third contestant , fourth runner-up Kimberly Harlan of Georgia , competed at Miss World 2003 but did not place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Les_Dennis", "text": "Leslie Dennis Heseltine ( born 12 October 1953 ) [ failed verification ] , known as Les Dennis , is an English television presenter , actor and comedian . He was the presenter of Family Fortunes for 15 years from 1987 until 2002 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Swanton_(town),_Vermont", "text": "Swanton is a town in Franklin County , Vermont . The population was 6,427 at the 2010 census . The town includes the village of Swanton ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Notre_Dame", "text": "The University of Notre Dame du Lac ( or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM , or ND ) is a private Catholic research university in Notre Dame , Indiana , outside the city of South Bend . It was founded in 1842 by Rev . Edward Sorin . The main campus covers 1,261 acres ( 510 ha ) in a suburban setting ; it contains a number of recognizable landmarks , such as the Golden Dome , the Word of Life mural ( commonly known as Touchdown Jesus ) , Notre Dame Stadium , and the Basilica . Notre Dame has consistently been recognized as one of the top universities in the United States , in particular for its undergraduate education . Undergraduate students are organized into six colleges . The School of Architecture is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the annual Driehaus Architecture Prize . The university offers over 50 yearlong study programs abroad and over 15 summer programs . Notre Dame 's graduate program has more than 50 master , doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the six schools , including the Notre Dame Law School and an MD-PhD program offered in combination with the Indiana University School of Medicine . It maintains a system of libraries , cultural venues , artistic and scientific museums , including the Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art . The majority of the university 's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 31 residence halls , each with its own traditions , legacies , events , and intramural sports teams . The university 's approximately 134,000 alumni are considered one of the strongest college alumni networks in the U.S ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Taekwondo_at_the_2010_Asian_Games_–_Women's_46_kg", "text": "The women 's finweight ( −46 kilograms ) event at the 2010 Asian Games took place on 17 November 2010 at Guangdong Gymnasium , Guangzhou , China . A total of fifteen competitors from fifteen different countries competed in this event , limited to fighters whose body weight was less than 46 kilograms . Huang Hsien-yung of Chinese Taipei won the gold medal after beating Dana Haidar Touran of Jordan in gold medal match 6-3 . Like all Asian Games taekwondo events , the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament . The bronze medal was shared by semifinal losers Fransisca Valentina of Indonesia and Sara Khoshjamal Fekri from Iran . Athletes from Thailand , Malaysia , Nepal and Philippines shared the fifth place ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Killarney_(electoral_district)", "text": "Killarney is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba , Canada . It was created for the 1888 provincial election , and abolished with the 1958 election ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Verve", "text": "The Verve were an English rock band formed in Wigan , Greater Manchester , in 1990 by lead vocalist Richard Ashcroft , guitarist Nick McCabe , bass guitarist Simon Jones and drummer Peter Salisbury . Guitarist and keyboard player Simon Tong later became a member . Beginning with a psychedelic sound with their debut LP A Storm in Heaven , by the mid-1990s the band had released several EPs and three albums . It also endured name and line-up changes , break-ups , health problems , drug abuse and various lawsuits . The band 's commercial breakthrough was the 1997 album Urban Hymns , one of the best-selling albums in UK Chart history . The album features the hit singles Bitter Sweet Symphony , The Drugs Do n't Work and Lucky Man . In 1998 , the band won two Brit Awards - winning Best British Group , appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine in March , and in February 1999 , Bitter Sweet Symphony was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song . Soon after their commercial peak , the Verve disbanded in April 1999 , citing internal conflicts . According to Billboard magazine , the group 's rise was the culmination of a long , arduous journey that began at the dawn of the decade and went on to encompass a major breakup , multiple lawsuits , and an extensive diet of narcotics . During an eight-year split , Ashcroft dismissed talk of a reunion , saying : You 're more likely to get all four Beatles on stage . The band 's original line-up reunited in June 2007 , embarking on a tour later that year and releasing the album Forth in August 2008 , which spawned the hit single Love Is Noise . Amid revived tensions , the band broke up for the third time in 2008 following their final performance together at the V Festival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Town,_Bahamas", "text": "George Town is a town in the Bahamas , located on Exuma island . It has a population of 2,488 ( 2012 estimates ) . The Government Building is a popular tourist attraction inspired by the architecture of the Government House in Nassau . The deep water harbor is a favorite spot for yachters . Pirates used the harbor in the 17th century and plantation owners from Virginia settled the town in the 18th century . During World War II the US Navy used the port . There are a number of shops and markets in George Town . Lake Victoria in the center of George Town is a popular spot for boating ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Benedict_College", "text": "Benedict College is a four-year historically black , liberal arts college located in Columbia , South Carolina . Founded in 1870 by northern Baptists , it was originally a teachers ' college . It has since expanded into a full four-year college offering a variety of majors in the liberal arts field ."}
{"title": "/wiki/South_Portland,_Maine", "text": "South Portland is a city in Cumberland County , Maine , United States , and is the fourth-largest city in the state , incorporated in 1898 . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 25,002 . Known for its working waterfront , South Portland is situated on Portland Harbor and overlooks the skyline of Portland and the islands of Casco Bay . Due to South Portland 's close proximity to air , marine , rail , and highway transportation options , the city has become a center for retail and industry in the region . Despite the name , South Portland was never part of the city of Portland , but rather part of Cape Elizabeth . It broke off in 1895 . However , both Cape Elizabeth and Portland were once part of Falmouth . Cape Elizabeth , then including what later became South Portland , broke away from Falmouth in 1765 . South Portland is a principal city of the Portland - South Portland - Biddeford metropolitan area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Colony_Park_F.C.", "text": "Colony Park Football Club are a Scottish football club from the town of Inverurie , Aberdeenshire . Formed in 1978 as Colony Park Boys Club , they are the largest Juvenile football club in North-East Scotland , running teams from under-7 through to under-19 level . In 2011 , they successfully applied for membership of the Scottish Junior Football Association , and joined North Region , Division Two for the 2011-12 season . This has allowed former youth players to continue with the club and bridged a gap between age group football and the Highland League . Former Colony players include Barry Robson and Darren Mackie . The Colony Park facility after which the club is named , was opened in 1977 and until 1999 was the home of Inverurie Juniors , the town 's previous Junior side . The Junior team are managed since December 2016 by Richard Davidson , who stepped up from a coaching role under previous manager Andy Roddie . Colony lifted their first honour in the Junior game by winning the 2015-16 North Division One ( East ) championship , completing the league season undefeated . The club won 19 of their 22 matches and their final day fixture at home to Longside was watched by a crowd of 1,356 . The club also have an amateur team , Colony Park Amateurs Football Club , which started in the 2015-2016 season . They currently play in the East Section of Division 2 , ground-sharing with the Juniors and playing their home fixtures at Colony Park on Harlaw Road . The Amateurs are managed by Dave Mitchell , Craig Simpson and Craig McFarlane ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent", "text": "Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties . It borders Greater London to the north-west , Surrey to the west and East Sussex to the south-west . The county also shares borders with Essex along the estuary of the River Thames ( connected by land via High Speed 1 and the Dartford Crossing ) , and with the French department of Pas-de-Calais through the Channel Tunnel . The county town is Maidstone . Kent was among the first British territories conquered and settled by Anglo-Saxons . Canterbury Cathedral in Kent has been the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury , leader of the Church of England , since the Reformation . Prior to that it was built by Catholics , dating back to the conversion of England to Catholicism by Saint Augustine that began in the 6th century . Before the English Reformation the cathedral was part of a Benedictine monastic community known as Christ Church , Canterbury , as well as being the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury . The last Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury was Reginald Pole . Rochester Cathedral is also in Kent , in Medway . It is the second-oldest cathedral in England , with Canterbury Cathedral being the oldest . Between London and the Strait of Dover , which separates it from mainland Europe , Kent has seen both diplomacy and conflict , ranging from the Leeds Castle peace talks of 1978 and 2004 to the Battle of Britain in World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1954", "text": "Miss World 1954 , the 4th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 18 October 1954 at the Lyceum Ballroom in London , United Kingdom . 17 contestants competed for the crown . Denise Perrier of France crowned her successor Antigone Costanda of Egypt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hwang_Sun-Hong", "text": "Hwang Sun-hong ( born 14 July 1968 ) is a South Korean football former player and current manager . A dangerous striker who excelled in putting the ball into the net , Hwang was South Korea 's most consistent forward for much of the past decade ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Holding_Onto_Strings_Better_Left_to_Fray", "text": "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray is the fifth studio album by South African post-grunge and alternative metal band Seether . It was the first and only Seether album to have Troy McLawhorn as the lead guitarist . However , he departed from the band just before the album 's release , to once again become the rhythm guitarist for the band Evanescence . It was released on 17 May 2011 , and debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/World_Center_for_Birds_of_Prey", "text": "The World Center for Birds of Prey in Boise , Idaho , is the headquarters for The Peregrine Fund , an international non-profit organization founded in 1970 that conserves endangered raptors around the world . Built 36 years ago in 1984 , the World Center for Birds of Prey is located on 580 acres ( 2.3 km2 ) on a hilltop overlooking Boise , south of the airport and east of Kuna . The campus consists of the business offices of The Peregrine Fund , breeding facilities for endangered raptors , the Velma Morrison Interpretive Center , and the Herrick Collections Building , which houses a large research library and the Archives of Falconry . The Peregrine Fund is known for its worldwide conservation and recovery efforts of rare and endangered raptors . The organization 's first recovery effort focused on the peregrine falcon , which was facing extinction due to the widespread use of the chemical DDT . The peregrine falcon was removed from the U.S . Endangered Species list in 1999 at an international celebration held in Boise ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Empire_Award_for_Best_Director", "text": "The Empire Award for Best Director is an Empire Award presented annually by the British film magazine Empire to honor directors working within the film industry . The Empire Award for Best Director is one of five ongoing awards which were first introduced at the 1st Empire Awards ceremony in 1996 ( the others being Best Actor , Best Actress , Best Film and Best British Film ) with Danny Boyle receiving the award for his direction of Shallow Grave . Winners are voted by the readers of Empire magazine . Since its inception , the award has been given to 16 directors . Christopher Nolan has received the most awards in this category with three awards . Christopher Nolan and Peter Jackson were nominated on seven occasions , more than any other director . Kathryn Bigelow and Patty Jenkins are the only female directors to be nominated for the award . Rian Johnson is the most recent winner in this category for his direction of Star Wars : The Last Jedi ."}
{"title": "/wiki/George_Spence_(Canadian_politician)", "text": "George Spence , CBE ( October 25 , 1880 - March 4 , 1975 ) was a Canadian provincial and federal politician . Born in Birsay , Orkney Islands , Scotland , the son of Thomas Spence and Elizabeth Hunter , he studied electrical engineering at the Leith Academy Technical College and emigrated to Canada in 1900 to pan for gold in the Yukon . In 1903 , he moved to Austin , Manitoba where he was a farmer . In 1912 , he moved to Monchy , Saskatchewan . He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in 1917 for the riding of Notukeu . A Liberal , he was re-elected in 1921 and 1925 . He resigned his provincial seat in 1925 and was elected in the 1925 federal election in the riding of Maple Creek . A Liberal , he was re-elected in the 1926 federal election . He resigned his seat in 1927 to re-enter provincial politics , where he was appointed Minister of Railways . He was also Minister of Highways , Minister of Railways , Labour and Industries , Minister of Agriculture , and Minister of Public Works . He would serve until 1938 when he was appointed Director of the Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration . From 1947 to 1957 , he was a member of the International Joint Commission , an independent binational organization established by the United States and Canada under the International Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sara_Bauer", "text": "Sara Bauer ( born May 11 , 1984 ) played for the Wisconsin Badgers women 's ice hockey program . In four years , she accumulated 218 points . Bauer won the Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award in 2006 . During the 2008-09 NCAA season , the WCHA honored its Top 10 Players from the First Decade . Among the group of 10 was former Wisconsin forward Sara Bauer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bertrix", "text": "Bertrix ( Walloon : Bietris ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg . On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 137.7 km² , had 8,164 inhabitants , giving a population density of 59.3 inhabitants per km² . Bertrix is home to the NATO reserve Jehonville Air Base ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Inspector_Gadget_(1983_TV_series)", "text": "Inspector Gadget is a science fiction comedy animated series co-created by Bruno Bianchi , Andy Heyward , and DIC 's founder Jean Chalopin , and was originally syndicated by DIC Audiovisuel and Lexington Broadcast Services Company . The series stars the voice of Don Adams as the titular character , and first premiered on September 12 , 1983 . It is the first cartoon show to be syndicated by DIC , who specifically created the series to help expand into the North American market , and the first animated series to be presented in stereo sound . The program originally ran from 1983 to 1986 , broadcasting 86 episodes over two seasons , and remained in syndication into the late 1990s . The show revolves around the adventures of a clumsy , dim-witted detective named Inspector Gadget - a cyborg human with various bionic gadgets built into his body - who is sent on missions to thwart plans by his nemesis Dr. Claw , the leader of an evil organization known as M.A.D. , unknowingly being assisted by his niece Penny and their dog Brain . The TV series proved to be a success for DIC , not only encouraging the company to produce additional programs such as Heathcliff , but also helped launch the Inspector Gadget franchise , including additional animated series and two live action films , as well as a sequel in 2015 . As of today , the rights to the series are owned by WildBrain through its in-name-only unit , Cookie Jar Entertainment ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nobol", "text": "Nobol ( also known as Narcisa de Jesús ) is a town located in central Guayas , Ecuador . It is the seat of Nobol Canton , created in 1992 . As of the census of 2001 , there are 14,753 people residing within the canton limits . The town is situated about 38.5 kilometres ( 24 mi ) north of Guayaquil . Nobol was the birthplace of Narcisa de Jesús , who was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI on October 12 , 2008 and the Santuario de Santa Narcisa de Jesus Martillo y Morán located in the town center was dedicated to her on August 22 , 1998 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Superhero_film", "text": "A superhero film , superhero movie or superhero motion picture is a film that is focused on the actions of one or more superheroes : individuals who usually possess extraordinary - generally superhuman - abilities relative to a normal person and are dedicated to protecting the public . These films typically feature action , adventure , fantasy or science fiction elements , with the first film of a particular character often including a focus on the origin of their special powers and their first confrontation with their most famous supervillain or archenemy . Most superhero films are based on superhero comics . By contrast , several films such as the RoboCop series , The Meteor Man , the Unbreakable film series , The Incredibles , Hancock and They Call Me Jeeg are original for the screen , while The Green Hornet is based primarily on the original radio series and its 1960s television adaptation , both Underdog and The Powerpuff Girls are based on animated television series , and Japanese tokusatsu and anime superhero films are based on manga and television shows . Beginning in the 2000s , the superhero film has become a dominant form worldwide . The most notable and successful superhero films since the year 2000 are 20th Century Fox 's X-Men franchise , Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man trilogy , Pixar 's The Incredibles series , Christopher Nolan 's The Dark Knight Trilogy , the films set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe starting with Iron Man and the films set in the DC Extended Universe starting with Man of Steel . This commercial dominance has largely been accompanied by positive critical notice for many of these films , which includes Academy Award recognition . Superhero films have been commercially successful in a wide variety of genres such as action , horror , fantasy , comedy etc ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tacoma,_Washington", "text": "Tacoma ( /təˈkoʊmə/ tə-KOH-mə ) is a mid-sized urban port city and the county seat of Pierce County , Washington , United States . The city is on Washington 's Puget Sound , 32 miles ( 51 km ) southwest of Seattle ( of which it is the largest satellite city ) , 31 miles ( 50 km ) northeast of the state capital , Olympia , and 58 miles ( 93 km ) northwest of Mount Rainier National Park . The population was 198,397 , according to the 2010 census . Tacoma is the second-largest city in the Puget Sound area and the third-largest in the state . Tacoma also serves as the center of business activity for the South Sound region , which has a population of around 1 million . Tacoma adopted its name after the nearby Mount Rainier , originally called Takhoma or Tahoma . It is locally known as the City of Destiny because the area was chosen to be the western terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad in the late 19th century . The decision of the railroad was influenced by Tacoma 's neighboring deep-water harbor , Commencement Bay . By connecting the bay with the railroad , Tacoma 's motto became When rails meet sails . Commencement Bay serves the Port of Tacoma , a center of international trade on the Pacific Coast and Washington 's largest port . Like most industrial cities , Tacoma suffered a prolonged decline in the mid-20th century as a result of suburbanization and divestment . Since the 1990s , downtown Tacoma has undergone a slow and steady revitalization ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Louisville,_Kentucky", "text": "Louisville ( US : /ˈluːəvəl/ ( listen ) LOO-ə-vəl , /ˈluːivɪl/ ( listen ) LOO-ee-vil , /ˈlʊvəl/ ( listen ) LUUV-əl , UK : /ˈluːivɪl/ ) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 29th most-populous city in the United States . [ d ] It is one of two cities in Kentucky designated as first-class , the other being Lexington , the state 's second-largest city . [ e ] Louisville is the historical seat and , since 2003 , the nominal seat of Jefferson County , on the Indiana border . Named after King Louis XVI of France , Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark , making it one of the oldest cities west of the Appalachians . With nearby Falls of the Ohio as the only major obstruction to river traffic between the upper Ohio River and the Gulf of Mexico , the settlement first grew as a portage site . It was the founding city of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad , which grew into a 6,000-mile ( 9,700 km ) system across 13 states . Today , the city is known as the home of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali , the Kentucky Derby , Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ) , the University of Louisville and its Cardinals , Louisville Slugger baseball bats , and three of Kentucky 's six Fortune 500 companies : Humana , Kindred Healthcare , and Yum ! Brands . Muhammad Ali International Airport , Louisville 's main commercial airport , hosts UPS 's worldwide hub . Since 2003 , Louisville 's borders have been the same as those of Jefferson County , after a city-county merger . The official name of this consolidated city-county government is the Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government , abbreviated to Louisville Metro . Despite the merger and renaming , the term Jefferson County continues to be used in some contexts in reference to Louisville Metro , particularly including the incorporated cities outside the balance which make up Louisville proper ."}
{"title": "/wiki/23rd_Infantry_Division_(India)", "text": "The 23rd Indian Infantry Division was an infantry division of the Indian Army during World War II . It fought in the Burma Campaign . It was then reformed as a division of the independent Indian Army in 1959 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Friant,_California", "text": "Friant ( formerly , Converse Ferry , Jones Ferry , Hamptonville , and Pollasky ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Fresno County , California , United States . The population was 549 at the 2010 census , down from 778 at the 2000 census . Friant is located 11.5 miles ( 19 km ) north of Clovis , at an elevation of 344 feet ( 105 m ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lightning_(Final_Fantasy)", "text": "Claire Farron ( colloquial : Lightning ( ライトニング , Raitoningu ) ) is a fictional character from Square Enix 's Final Fantasy series . She first appeared as a playable character and protagonist in the role-playing video game Final Fantasy XIII , in which she features as a resident of the artificial world of Cocoon . After her sister Serah is declared an enemy of Cocoon , Lightning attempts to save her . She and others are then chosen by the fal'Cie , a divided race of demigods who rule the worlds of Gran Pulse and Cocoon , to destroy Cocoon . Lightning reappears as a supporting character in Final Fantasy XIII-2 , acting as protector of the Goddess Etro . She is the sole playable character in Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII , wherein she sets out to save her world , which is destined to end in thirteen days . Outside the XIII series , Lightning has been featured in multiple Final Fantasy games and had cameo appearances in other video games . Lightning was created by Motomu Toriyama , the director and scenario writer of XIII , and designed by Tetsuya Nomura , a regular character artist for the Final Fantasy series . Their idea was to create a strong female protagonist who was adept at combat and less feminine than previous Final Fantasy heroines . Aspects of her early design and personality were later altered , or transferred to other characters . After XIII , Lightning 's design was revised several times to reflect her role and development in each game , particularly in Lightning Returns . Her name in Japanese , Éclair Farron ( エクレール・ファロン , Ekurēru Faron ) , was originally a placeholder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juno_Awards_of_2012", "text": "The Juno Awards of 2012 honoured Canadian music industry achievements in the latter part of 2010 and in most of 2011 . The awards were presented in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada during the weekend of 31 March and 1 April 2012 . A week of related events began on 26 March 2012 . Blue Rodeo was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame . Broadcast executive Gary Slaight was designated the 2012 recipient of the Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Honda_in_Formula_One", "text": "Honda has participated in Formula One , as an entrant , constructor and engine supplier , for various periods since 1964 . Honda 's involvement in Formula One began with the 1964 season , and in 1965 they achieved their first victory at the Mexican Grand Prix . After further success with John Surtees , Honda withdrew at the end of the 1968 season due to difficulties selling road cars in the United States and Honda driver Jo Schlesser 's fatal accident . Honda returned in 1983 as an engine supplier , which started a very successful period for Honda . After winning races in 1984 and 1985 , Honda won the Constructors ' Championship every year between 1986 and 1991 with Williams and McLaren , and the Drivers ' Championship every year from 1987 to 1991 with Nelson Piquet , Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost . Honda withdrew at the end of 1992 after having achieved their targets . Honda returned again in 2000 , providing engines for British American Racing ( BAR ) . BAR-Honda finished second in the Constructors ' Championship in 2004 , and by the end of 2005 Honda had bought out the BAR team , which became the Honda team for 2006 . After a good 2006 season where Jenson Button won the Hungarian Grand Prix , Honda announced in December 2008 that they would be exiting Formula One with immediate effect due to the global financial crisis , following two difficult seasons in 2007 and 2008 . In May 2013 , Honda announced their intention to return to the sport in the 2015 season under a works agreement with McLaren to supply power units . The first iterations of the Honda engines proved to be uncompetitive , and Honda spent their first three years under the harsh scrutiny of the public eye as they developed their power unit . McLaren and Honda split after three years , Toro Rosso however , agreed to use Honda engines for the 2018 season as a works outfit ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cambalache_State_Forest", "text": "Cambalache Forest Reserve or ( Bosque Cambalache National Park ) is a forest reserve on the island of Puerto Rico ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skye", "text": "The Isle of Skye , commonly known as Skye ( /skaɪ/ ; Scottish Gaelic : An t-Eilean Sgitheanach or Eilean a ' Cheò ) , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland . [ Note 1 ] The island 's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous centre dominated by the Cuillin , the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country . Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic Sgitheanach describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name 's origins . The island has been occupied since the Mesolithic period , and its history includes a time of Norse rule and a long period of domination by Clan MacLeod and Clan Donald . The 18th century Jacobite risings led to the breaking up of the clan system and subsequent Clearances that replaced entire communities with sheep farms , some of which also involved forced emigrations to distant lands . Resident numbers declined from over 20,000 in the early 19th century to just under 9,000 by the closing decade of the 20th century . Skye 's population increased by 4 per cent between 1991 and 2001 . About a third of the residents were Gaelic speakers in 2001 , and although their numbers are in decline , this aspect of island culture remains important . The main industries are tourism , agriculture , fishing and forestry . Skye is part of the Highland Council local government area . The island 's largest settlement is Portree , which is also its capital , known for its picturesque harbour . There are links to various nearby islands by ferry and , since 1995 , to the mainland by a road bridge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1980_Big_Sky_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "Introduced in 1976 , the Big Sky tournament had the same format for its first eight editions . The regular season champion hosted and only the top four teams from the standings took part , with seeding based on regular season conference records . Second-seeded Idaho made its inaugural appearance in the conference tournament , having been in last place in the previous five seasons . Membership in the Big Sky remained at eight : Gonzaga left in the summer of 1979 for the WCAC and was replaced by Nevada-Reno ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Turku,_Finland", "text": "Turku ( /ˈtʊərkuː/ TOOR-koo , Finnish : [ ˈturku ] ( listen ) ; Swedish : Åbo [ ˈǒːbʊ ] ( listen ) , Finland Swedish : [ ˈoːbu ] ( listen ) ) is a city on the southwest coast of Finland at the mouth of the Aura River , in the region of Finland Proper ( Varsinais-Suomi ) . The region was originally called Suomi ( Finland ) , which later became the name for the whole country . Turku , as a town , was never founded . The Pope first mentioned the town Aboa in his Bulla in 1229 and the year is now used as the foundation year of the city . As the oldest town in the country Turku was the most important city in Finland , a status it retained for hundreds of years throughout the centuries under the rule of the Kingdom of Sweden . After the war Finland became an autonomous grand duchy of the Russian Empire ( 1809 ) under the direct rule of the Czar and the capital of the autonomous Grand Duchy of Finland was moved to Helsinki ( 1812 ) . It was only after the last great fire in 1827 that most governmental institutions were moved to Helsinki along with the Academy of Turku ( Turun Akatemia ) founded in 1640 , which then became the University of Helsinki . Turku continued to be the most populous city in Finland until the end of the 1840s , and it remains the regional capital and an important business and cultural center and port . Because of its long history , it has been the site of many important events , and has extensively influenced Finnish history . The history of the country is closely linked to Turku , the former capital . Along with Tallinn , the capital city of Estonia , Turku was designated the European Capital of Culture for 2011 . In 1996 , it was declared the official Christmas City of Finland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tonnage", "text": "Tonnage is a measure of the cargo-carrying capacity of a ship . The term derives from the taxation paid on tuns or casks of wine . In modern maritime usage , tonnage specifically refers to a calculation of the volume or cargo volume of a ship . Tonnage should not be confused with displacement , which refers to the actual weight of the vessel . Tonnage is commonly used to assess fees on commercial shipping ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forest_of_Ae", "text": "The Forest of Ae is located between Nithsdale and Annandale in Dumfries and Galloway in south-west Scotland . The forest was first planted in the 1920s , primarily with Sitka spruce . It has the designation of a 'Priority Forest ' for Red Squirrel conservation . The land on which the forest is situated acts as a drainage basin for the Water of Ae , which has a thriving population of otters . The village of Ae was built in the 1940s to house forestry workers . A variety of mountain bike trails have been built as part of Forestry and Land Scotland 's 7stanes project ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Harihara", "text": "Harihara ( Sanskrit : हरिहर ) is the fused representation of Vishnu ( Hari ) and Shiva ( Hara ) from the Hindu tradition . Also known as Shankaranarayana ( Shankara is Shiva , and Narayana is Vishnu ) like Brahmanarayana ( Half represents Brahma and half represents Vishnu ) , Harihara is thus revered by both Vaishnavites and Shaivites as a form of the Supreme God . Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term to denote the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Ultimate Reality called Brahman . This concept of equivalence of various gods as one principle and oneness of all existence is discussed as Harihara in the texts of Advaita Vedanta school of Hindu philosophy . Some of the earliest sculptures of Harihara , with one half of the image as Vishnu and other half as Shiva , are found in the surviving cave temples of India , such as in the cave 1 and cave 3 of the 6th-century Badami cave temples ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prince_Royce", "text": "Geoffrey Royce Rojas ( born May 11 , 1989 ) , known professionally as Prince Royce , is an American singer and songwriter of Dominican descent . At an early age , Royce took an interest in music , and in his teenage years began experimenting with music and writing poetry . By age nineteen , Royce met Andrés Hidalgo , who became his manager . Hidalgo later introduced Royce to record producer Sergio George , who immediately signed him to his label after hearing three of his demos . In March 2010 , Royce released his eponymous debut studio album , which generated two commercially successful singles , Stand by Me and Corazón Sin Cara . In the United States , both songs reached number-one on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart , while Corazón Sin Cara reached number-one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . The album itself reached number-one on the US Billboard Top Latin Albums and Tropical Albums charts . Royce received three awards at the Billboard Latin Music Awards in 2011 , which included Tropical Album of the Year . On April 10 , 2012 , Royce released his second studio album , Phase II , which reached number-one on both the US Latin Albums and Tropical Albums charts . The album featured the singles Las Cosas Pequeñas and Incondicional and was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Tropical Fusion Album . His third studio album , Soy el Mismo , was released on October 8 , 2013 , preceded by the single Darte un Beso . The album earned Royce his second nomination for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Tropical Album ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Muhammad_Shukor_Adan", "text": "Muhammad Shukor bin Adan ( born 24 September 1979 in Malacca ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who last plays for Melaka United . He plays mainly as a defensive midfielder but can also play as a centre back . Shukor is the former captain of the Selangor team . He is a former member and former captain of the Malaysian national team of 2014 AFF Suzuki Cup campaign . He has been described as one of the top Malaysia midfielders in history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Norfolk,_Virginia", "text": "Norfolk ( /ˈnɔːrfʊk/ ( listen ) NOR-fuuk ) is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States . At the 2010 census , the population was 242,803 ; in 2018 , the population was estimated to be 244,076 making it the second-most populous city in Virginia after neighboring Virginia Beach and the 91st largest city in the nation . Norfolk is located at the core of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area , named for the large natural harbor of the same name located at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay . It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area , officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA . The city is bordered to the west by the Elizabeth River and to the north by the Chesapeake Bay . It also shares land borders with the independent cities of Chesapeake to its south and Virginia Beach to its east . Norfolk is one of the oldest cities in Hampton Roads , and is considered to be the historic , urban , financial , and cultural center of the region . The city has a long history as a strategic military and transportation point . The largest naval base in the world , Naval Station Norfolk , is located in Norfolk along with one of NATO 's two Strategic Command headquarters . The city also has the corporate headquarters of Norfolk Southern Railway , one of North America 's principal Class I railroads , however the company is currently in the process of relocating their headquarters to Atlanta , Georgia . Norfolk is also home to Maersk Line , Limited , which manages the world 's largest fleet of US-flag vessels . As the city is bordered by multiple bodies of water , Norfolk has many miles of riverfront and bayfront property , including beaches on the Chesapeake Bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cleveland_State_Vikings", "text": "The Cleveland State Vikings , or Vikes , are the athletic teams of Cleveland State University . Before as Fenn College they were known as the Fenn College Foxes or Fenn Foxes . Cleveland State competes in NCAA Division I . They have been a member of the NCAA Division I since 1972 . They were previously a member of the NCAA College Division , a precursor to NCAA Division II . The university is a member of the Horizon League ( 1994-present ) and Mid-American Conference ( 2019-present ) for wrestling . Cleveland State was formerly in the Mid-Continent Conference ( 1982-1994 ) and North Star Conference ( 1989-1992 ) . Cleveland State previously fielded baseball , men 's cross country as well as men and women 's track and field . As Fenn College they fielded men 's ice hockey and rifle . Cleveland State has a number of club sports as well ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottawa_Senators", "text": "The Ottawa Senators ( French : Sénateurs d'Ottawa ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa . They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) as a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference . The Senators play their home games at the 18,652-seat Canadian Tire Centre , which opened in 1996 as the Palladium . Founded and established by Ottawa real estate developer Bruce Firestone , the team is the second NHL franchise to use the Ottawa Senators name . The original Ottawa Senators , founded in 1883 , had a famed history , winning 11 Stanley Cups , playing in the NHL from 1917 until 1934 . On December 6 , 1990 , after a two-year public campaign by Firestone , the NHL awarded a new franchise , which began play in the 1992-93 season . The current team owner is Eugene Melnyk , and in 2019 , the franchise was valued by Forbes magazine at $ 445 million . The Senators have won four division titles and , in 2003 , the Presidents ' Trophy ; and have once appeared in the Stanley Cup Finals ( 2007 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barry_Lane", "text": "Barry Douglas Lane ( born 21 June 1960 ) is an English professional golfer ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kimbra", "text": "Kimbra Lee Johnson ( born 27 March 1990 ) is a New Zealand singer , songwriter , record producer , actress and model who mixes pop with classic R & B , jazz and rock musical elements . Her musical influences range from Prince and Minnie Riperton to Björk and Jeff Buckley . Her debut album , Vows , was released in Australia in 2011 . Singles from the album include Settle Down , Cameo Lover ( which won an Australian Recording Industry Association Award ) , Good Intent and Two Way Street . A reworked version of the album was released in Europe and the United States in 2012 . It featured several new songs , including Come into My Head , Warrior ( on which Kimbra was joined by musicians Mark Foster from Foster the People and DJ A-Trak ) , and a cover of Nina Simone 's Plain Gold Ring . Vows reached the top 5 in New Zealand and Australia ; on 22 May 2012 , the album was released in North America , debuting at number 14 on the Billboard charts . Vincent Fantauzzo 's portrait of Kimbra was a finalist for the 2012 Archibald Prize . The portrait was painted in conjunction with the making of a video featuring Kimbra 's song The Build Up . Kimbra was featured on the 2012 multi-platinum single Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye . On 10 February 2013 , she and Gotye won the Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance awards at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards for Somebody That I Used to Know . This achievement made her the third New Zealand singer to win a Grammy Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Japan", "text": "Japan ( Japanese : 日本 , Nippon [ ɲippoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) or Nihon [ ɲihoꜜɴ ] ( listen ) ) is an island country located in East Asia . It is bordered by the Sea of Japan to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east , and spans more than 3,000 kilometers ( 1,900 mi ) along the coast of the continent from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Philippine Sea in the south . Part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , Japan encompasses a stratovolcanic archipelago of about 6,852 islands , with five main islands ( Hokkaido , Honshu , Kyushu , Shikoku , and Okinawa ) comprising 97% of the country 's total area of 377,975 square kilometers ( 145,937 sq mi ) . Japan is officially divided into 47 prefectures and traditionally into eight regions . Approximately two-thirds of the country 's terrain is mountainous and heavily forested , and less than one-eighth of land is suitable for agriculture . Consequently , Japan is among the most densely populated and urbanized countries in the world , with over 90% of its population living in urban areas . The largest of these is the metropolitan area centered on the capital city of Tokyo , which is the most populous in the world and home to more than 38 million people . Japan itself is the world 's eleventh most populous country with a population of 126.2 million , of which 97.8% are ethnically Japanese . The kanji ( or Chinese characters ) that make up the name of Japan in the Japanese language mean sun origin ; in the Western world , the country is often known by the sobriquet Land of the Rising Sun . Periods of influence from other regions , primarily China , followed by periods of isolation , particularly from Western Europe , have characterized the history of Japan . While archaeological evidence indicates that Japan was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period , the first written mention of the archipelago appears in Chinese texts from the first century AD . Between the fourth and ninth centuries , the kingdoms of Japan became gradually unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō ( modern Kyoto ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Paul_Tsongas", "text": "Paul Efthemios Tsongas ( /ˈsɒŋɡəs/ ; February 14 , 1941 - January 18 , 1997 ) was an American politician . He represented Massachusetts in both houses of the United States Congress , holding office from 1975 to 1985 . He won eight states as a candidate in the 1992 Democratic presidential primaries , losing the nomination to Bill Clinton . Born in Lowell , Massachusetts , Tsongas graduated from Dartmouth College , Yale Law School and the Kennedy School of Government . After working for the Peace Corps and as an aide to Congressman F. Bradford Morse , Tsongas successively won election as a city councilor and county commissioner . In 1974 , he won election to the United States House of Representatives in Massachusetts 's 5th congressional district , over the incumbent Paul W. Cronin . In Massachusetts 's 1978 Senate election , he defeated incumbent Republican Senator Edward Brooke . In Congress , Tsongas established a reputation as a social liberal and fiscal conservative . Tsongas was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in 1983 and declined to seek re-election in 1984 . He returned to politics after undergoing a successful bone marrow transplant . He experienced early success in the 1992 Democratic presidential primaries , winning the New Hampshire primary , but withdrew from the race in March 1992 and endorsed Clinton . An opponent of deficit spending , Tsongas co-founded the Concord Coalition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tom_Aldredge", "text": "Thomas Ernest Aldredge ( February 28 , 1928 - July 22 , 2011 ) was an American television , film and stage actor , best known for various appearances in movies , theatre and television , with a notable role as Hugh De Angelis on The Sopranos . He also appeared in the television shows Damages as Uncle Pete and Ryan 's Hope . He won a Daytime Emmy Award for playing the role of Shakespeare in Henry Winkler Meets William Shakespeare ( 1978 ) . His last role was on the HBO series Boardwalk Empire , playing the father of Nucky Thompson ( Steve Buscemi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pelle_Lindbergh", "text": "Göran Per-Eric Pelle Lindbergh ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈpɛ̌lːɛ ˈlɪ̌nːdbærj ] ; [ citation needed ] May 24 , 1959 - November 11 , 1985 ) was a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played parts of five seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Philadelphia Flyers . Lindbergh died at age 26 in a single-car accident five months after leading the Flyers to the 1985 Stanley Cup Finals and winning the Vezina Trophy as the NHL 's top goaltender ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Maclean's", "text": "Maclean 's is a Canadian news magazine that was founded in 1905 , reporting on Canadian issues such as politics , pop culture , and current events . Its founder , publisher J . B. Maclean , established the magazine to provide a uniquely Canadian perspective on current affairs and to entertain but also inspire its readers . Its publisher since 1994 , Rogers Media announced in September 2016 that Maclean 's would become a monthly beginning January 2017 , while continuing to produce a weekly issue on the Texture app . In 2019 , the magazine was bought by its current publisher , St. Joseph Communications ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Camden,_Delaware", "text": "Camden is a town in Kent County , Delaware , United States . It is part of the Dover , Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 3,464 at the 2010 census ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Brooke_(died_1669)", "text": "Sir Robert Brooke ( 1637 - 5 June 1669 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1669 . Brooke was the second surviving son of Sir Robert Brooke ( died 1646 ) of Cockfield Hall and his wife Elizabeth , daughter of Thomas Colepeper of Wigsell , Sussex . He was educated privately under Daniel Milles . In 1659 he became JP . for Suffolk and in 1659 became a commissioner for the militia . In April 1660 , he was elected Member of Parliament for Aldeburgh in the Convention Parliament . He also became lieutenant colonel of the Suffolk Militia in April 1660 . He was knighted on 9 June 1660 for his services to the Restoration . In July 1660 he became commissioner for oyer and terminer for Middlesex , and in August 1660 became commissioner for assessment for Suffolk . Brooke was re-elected MP for Aldeburgh in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament where he was very active . In 1661 he became commissioner for assessment for Aldeburgh and in 1662 became a JP for Essex and one of the Six Clerks in Chancery . He became commissioner for assessment for Essex in 1663 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Trümmerfilm", "text": "Trümmerfilm ( English : Rubble film ) was an aesthetic choice for those films made directly after World War II dealing with the impact of the battles in the countries at the center of the war . The style was mostly used by filmmakers in the rebuilding film industries of Eastern Europe , Italy and the former Nazi Germany . The style is characterized by its use of location exteriors among the rubble of bombed-down cities to bring the gritty , depressing reality of the lives of the civilian survivors in those early years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Italy", "text": "Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1963_Baltimore_Colts_season", "text": "The 1963 Baltimore Colts season was the 11th season for the team in the National Football League . The Baltimore Colts finished the National Football League 's 1955 season with a record of 8 wins and 6 losses and finished third in the Western Conference ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Merage_family", "text": "The Merage family /məˈrɑːdʒ/ is a wealthy Iranian Jewish family residing in Orange County , California . In 2004 the Merage Jewish Community Center opened in Irvine , California ; the center was named after the Merage Family and serves the needs of Orange County . David and Paul Merage co-founded Chef America Inc. where they created the popular microwavable snack , Hot Pockets , in the early 1980s . The brothers later sold the Chef America Inc. company to Nestlé for $ 2.6 billion . Hot Pockets were manufactured in Englewood , Colorado , Chef America 's former headquarters , until moving its business to the rest of Nestlé 's frozen business in Solon , Ohio ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Siwan_(Lok_Sabha_constituency)", "text": "Siwan is a Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guayanilla,_Puerto_Rico", "text": "Guayanilla ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ɡwaʝaˈniʎa ] ) is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in southern coast of the island , bordering the Caribbean Sea , south of Adjuntas , east of Yauco ; and west of Peñuelas and about 12 miles ( 19 km ) west of Ponce . Guayanilla is spread over 16 wards and Guayanilla Pueblo ( the downtown area and the administrative center of the city ) . It is part of the Yauco Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sport_Boys", "text": "Sport Boys Association , commonly referred to as Sport Boys or simply Boys , is a Peruvian football club based in the port city of Callao . It was founded on Peru 's independence day , July 28 , 1927 . Its classic and historic rival is the Atlético Chalaco against whom dispute the Clasico Porteño derby of Callao . It is considered the fourth most important club in the history of Peruvian football as they have won 6 national titles and have the largest number of international appearances after Universitario , Sporting Cristal and Alianza Lima , teams of Lima ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ellis_Island", "text": "Ellis Island is a federally owned island in New York Harbor that contains a museum and former immigration inspection station . As the United States ' busiest immigrant inspection station from 1892 to 1954 , it processed approximately 12 million immigrants to the country through the Port of New York and New Jersey . Today , it is part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument , accessible to the public only by ferry . The north side of the island hosts the museum of immigration while the south side , including the Ellis Island Immigrant Hospital , is only open to the public through guided tours . In the 19th century , Ellis Island was the site of Fort Gibson , a component of the fortifications of New York Harbor . It later became a naval magazine for storing artillery . The first inspection station opened in 1892 and was destroyed by fire in 1897 . The second station opened in 1900 and housed facilities for medical quarantines as well as processing immigrants . After 1924 , Ellis Island was used primarily as a detention center . During both World War I and World War II its facilities were also used by the United States military to detain prisoners of war . Following the immigration station 's closure , the buildings languished for several years until they partially reopened in 1976 . The main building and adjacent structures were completely renovated in 1990 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Richard_Alexander_Arnold", "text": "Richard Alexander Arnold is the Eminent Professor and Chair of English at Alfaisal University and an author and editor specializing in rhetoric , English literature , Canadian literature , and Medieval literature ( focusing on Chaucer , John Milton , William Blake , Samuel Johnson , and Alexander Pope ) . Arnold received his B.A . with a double major in English and physics from McMaster University , his M.A . in English Literature from McMaster University , and his Ph.D. in Rhetoric and English Literature from University of Edinburgh , Scotland , where he held the United Kingdom Commonwealth Scholarship Arnold is the author and editor of several books as well as numerous articles on 18th-century literature , 19th-century studies , editorial theory , cultural studies , and Medieval and Canadian literature . He is the recipient of distinguished fellowships , a medal for distinguished teaching , and appointments to review and adjudicate for major publishers worldwide . He has researched and taught in Canada , Great Britain , Middle East and Southeast Asia ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Juan_Aurich", "text": "Club Juan Aurich S. A. , commonly known as Juan Aurich , is a professional football club based in Chiclayo , Peru . The original Juan Aurich club was founded in 1922 , this incarnation however was founded in 2005 ; they play in the Torneo Descentralizado where they have been playing since attaining promotion when they won the 2007 Copa Perú . They play their home games at the Estadio Elías Aguirre . Although the current Juan Aurich has played for only a few years in the top-flight , three other football clubs named Juan Aurich have played in the Torneo Descentralizado . The first Juan Aurich was founded in 1922 and played in the first division between 1967 and 1983 and again between 1988 and 1991 . Between 1994 and 1996 the merged football club Aurich-Cañaña had a brief spell in the Primera División after they achieved promotion through the 1993 Copa Perú . Finally , a third Juan Aurich football club achieved promotion in 1997 by winning the 1997 Copa Perú . This spell in the first division lasted from 1998 to 2002 . The club 's first major success was won in 2007 with the promotion to the Primera División via the Copa Perú . Four years later they conquered their second major success after winning the 2011 Torneo Descentralizado , defeating Alianza Lima in the third leg of the finals in a penalty shootout ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Moore_(Louisiana)", "text": "John Moore ( 1788-1867 ) was an American statesman and planter from Louisiana . He served in the U.S. Congress from 1840 to 1843 and again from 1851 to 1853 . He was a lifelong member of the Whig Party . Moore was born in 1788 in Berkeley County , Virginia ( now in West Virginia ) . He moved to Franklin , Louisiana , and was elected to the state House of Representatives for St. Mary Parish in 1825 . He held that seat until 1834 . He was first elected to the U.S. Congress to replace Rice Garland and took his seat on December 17 , 1840 . He was re-elected in the general election and served until March 3 , 1843 . Moore moved to Iberia Parish and married Mary Weeks , widow of the builder of the plantation Shadows-on-the-Teche . He was elected to the U.S. Congress again in 1850 , serving a single term in 1851-1853 ; he was the last Whig elected to Congress from Louisiana . In 1861 Moore was a delegate to the Louisiana secession convention . He died in Franklin , Louisiana on June 17 , 1867 and was buried on his estate ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1979–80_NHL_season", "text": "The 1979-80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League . This season saw the addition of four teams from the disbanded World Hockey Association as expansion franchises . The Edmonton Oilers , Winnipeg Jets , New England Whalers ( later renamed Hartford Whalers at the insistence of the Boston Bruins ) , and Quebec Nordiques joined the NHL , bringing the total to 21 teams . The other two WHA teams ( Birmingham Bulls and Cincinnati Stingers ) were paid to disband . The New York Islanders won their first Stanley Cup , defeating the Philadelphia Flyers in six games , in the finals . The season also marked the eighth and final season for the Flames in Atlanta before the franchise relocated to Calgary . The NHL would return to the Georgia capital in 1999 with the Thrashers , but that team would ultimately relocate away from Atlanta as well becoming the second ( and current ) incarnation of the Winnipeg Jets . The collapse of the WHA also saw the much hyped super-star rookie Wayne Gretzky come to the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers . Gretzky would tie Marcel Dionne for the scoring lead with 137 points and capture the Hart Memorial Trophy as the most valuable player while Dionne took home the Art Ross Trophy as the leading scorer by virtue of having scored two more goals . Gretzky aside , many players made their debut in the NHL this season , both due to the WHA merger and to a change in the rules for the Entry Draft allowing eighteen- and nineteen-year-olds to be drafted for the first time ; no fewer than seven Hall of Famers ( Gretzky , Ray Bourque , Mark Messier , Mike Gartner , Michel Goulet , Mark Howe , and an undrafted Joe Mullen ) debuted this season , along with numerous other perennial stars . The big story of the regular season was the record-breaking undefeated streak compiled by the Philadelphia Flyers . After starting the season with a 5-2 win over the New York Islanders and a 9-2 loss to the Atlanta Flames , the Flyers did not lose again for nearly three months , earning at least one point in every game between a 4-3 win over Toronto on October 14 , 1979 , and a 4-2 win over Buffalo on January 6 , 1980 , earning a 35 game record of 25-0-10 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996–97_Iraqi_Premier_League", "text": "The 1996-97 Iraqi Premier League was the 23rd season of the competition since its foundation in 1974 . The name of the league was changed from Iraqi Advanced League to Iraqi Premier League . The league title was won by Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya for the first time in five years . They also won the Iraq FA Cup , the Iraqi Elite Cup and the Iraqi Super Cup in this season , completing the first ever domestic quadruple in Iraqi football history ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boxing_at_the_2000_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The boxing competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia was held at the Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre in Darling Harbour . The event was only open to men and bouts were contested over four rounds of two minutes each . Five judges scored the fighters in real time and the boxer with the most points at the end was the winner . Like other Olympic combat sports , two bronze medals are awarded ; in the case of boxing , both losing semi-finalists receive a bronze medal , with no further play-off . As a result , the quarter-final essentially equates to a bronze medal match , a semi-final to a silver medal match , and the final to a gold medal match . 48 medals are therefore available , half of which are bronze medals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Novara_Calcio", "text": "Novara Calcio , commonly referred to as Novara , is an Italian football club based in Novara , Piedmont ."}
{"title": "/wiki/La_Verendrye_(electoral_district)", "text": "La Verendrye is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It was created by redistribution in 1879 , and has existed since that time . La Verendrye is located southeastern region of Manitoba . It is bordered to the west by Dawson Trail , Emerson , Steinbach , and St. Paul , to the north by Lac Du Bonnet , and to the east by the province of Ontario . Communities in the riding include Falcon Lake , Gardenton , Grunthal , Hadashville , Piney , Pointe du Bois , Sprague , Stuartburn , Sundown , and West Hawk Lake . The Whiteshell Provincial Park and Sandilands Provincial Forest are also in the riding . The riding 's population in 1996 was 19,558 . In 1999 , the average family income was $ 49,308 , and the unemployment rate was 5.90% . Manufacturing accounts for 12% of the riding 's industry , followed by the service sector at 11% . Before the electoral boundaries redistricting done prior to the 2011 election , La Verendrye had the second-highest francophone population in Manitoba ( after St. Boniface ) , at 23% of the total population . Nine per cent of the riding 's residents were German , and 7% were aboriginal . La Verendrye was a hotly contested riding between the Liberals and Conservatives in its earliest years ."}
{"title": "/wiki/TG4", "text": "TG4 ( Irish : TG Ceathair ; pronounced [ tʲeː ɟeː ˈcahəɾʲ ] or [ tiː d͡ʒiː ˈcahəɾʲ ] ) is an Irish language public service broadcaster . It launched on 31 October 1996 . TG4 is available free-to-air across Ireland and available online and through its on demand service TG4 Player . TG4 was formerly known as Teilifís na Gaeilge or TnaG , before a rebranding campaign in 1999 . TG4 was the third national station to be launched in Ireland , after RTÉ One in 1961 ( as Teilifís Éireann ) and RTÉ Two in 1978 . It was followed by a fourth channel , TV3 , in 1998 . The channel has 650,000 viewers who tune into the channel each day to view a broad programming policy . It has been reported to have a share of 2% of the national television market in the Republic of Ireland and 3% of the national television market in Northern Ireland . The daily Irish-language programme schedule is its core service : seven hours of programming in Irish supported by a wide range of material in other languages , mostly English . TG4 launched its high-definition channel ( TG4 HD ) in 2012 on Virgin Media Ireland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Saved!", "text": "Saved ! is a 2004 American satirical comedy film directed by Brian Dannelly , and starring Jena Malone , Mandy Moore , Macaulay Culkin , Patrick Fugit , Eva Amurri , Martin Donovan , and Mary-Louise Parker . Its plot follows a teenage girl ( Malone ) at a Christian high school who , in an attempt to cure her boyfriend of his homosexuality , arranges for him to take her virginity ; she gets pregnant , and becomes a pariah among her peers . Filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia and released in the spring of 2004 , Saved ! was a sleeper hit , grossing over $ 9 million domestically following a platform release through Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . The film received mixed reviews from critics , with many remarking on its blend of religious satire with elements of the contemporary teen film ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kent_Opera", "text": "Kent Opera was a British opera company in the period 1969-1989 . Based in Ashford , England the Company presented its productions in several centres mainly in the southern part of England . These included The Orchard Theatre , Dartford , the Assembly Halls , Tunbridge Wells , Marlowe Theatre , Canterbury , Kings Theatre , Southsea , Theatre Royal Norwich , the Derngate , Northampton . Operas were performed in English usually with new translations of the libretto , mainly by professor Michael Irwin but also by both Norman Platt and Anne Riddler . The orchestra was at first the Midland Sinfonia , though after two years the company employed its own orchestra ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Detroit_Mercy", "text": "The University of Detroit Mercy ( UDM ) is a private , Roman Catholic university in Detroit , Michigan , sponsored by both the Society of Jesus ( the Jesuits ) and the Religious Sisters of Mercy . Founded in 1877 , it is the largest Catholic university in Michigan . It has three campuses , where it offers more than a hundred academic degrees and programs of study in liberal arts , clinical psychology , business , dentistry , education , law , engineering , architecture , nursing and allied health professions . In athletics , the university sponsors 19 NCAA Division I level varsity sports for men and women . It is a member of the Horizon League ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1990_Southwest_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Tournament", "text": "The 1990 Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament was held March 10-0 , 1990 at Reunion Arena in Dallas , TX . Number 1 seed Arkansas defeated 2 seed Houston 96-84 to win their 5th championship and receive the conference 's automatic bid to the 1990 NCAA Tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Outfielder", "text": "An outfielder is a person playing in one of the three defensive positions in baseball or softball , farthest from the batter . These defenders are the left fielder , the center fielder , and the right fielder . As an outfielder , their duty is to catch fly balls and/ ground balls then to return them to the infield for the out or before the runner advances , if there is any runners on the bases . As an outfielder , they normally play behind the six players located in the field . By convention , each of the nine defensive positions in baseball is numbered . The outfield positions are 7 ( left field ) , 8 ( center field ) and 9 ( right field ) . These numbers are shorthand designations useful in baseball scorekeeping and are not necessarily the same as the squad numbers worn on player uniforms . Outfielders named to the MLB All-Century Team are Hank Aaron , Ty Cobb , Joe DiMaggio , Mickey Mantle , Willie Mays , Stan Musial , Pete Rose , Babe Ruth , Ted Williams and Ken Griffey Jr ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Blaenavon_Industrial_Landscape", "text": "Blaenavon Industrial Landscape , in and around Blaenavon , Torfaen , Wales , was inscribed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000 . The Blaenavon Ironworks , now a museum , was a major centre of iron production using locally mined or quarried iron ore , coal and limestone . Raw materials and products were transported via horse-drawn tramroads , canals and steam railways . The Landscape includes protected or listed monuments of the industrial processes , transport infrastructure , workers ' housing and other aspects of early industrialisation in South Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBS_Sports", "text": "CBS Sports is the sports division of the American television network CBS . Its headquarters are in the CBS Building on West 52nd Street in midtown Manhattan , New York City , with programs produced out of Studio 43 at the CBS Broadcast Center on West 57th Street . Its premier sports properties are professional basketball ( including BIG3 and the WNBA ) , NFL , Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) football , NCAA basketball ( including telecasts of the NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament ) , and PGA Tour golf , including The Masters and the PGA Championship . The online arm of CBS Sports is CBSSports.com . CBS purchased SportsLine.com in 2004 , and today CBSSports.com is part of CBS Interactive . On February 26 , 2018 , following up on the success of their online news network CBSN , CBS Sports launched CBS Sports HQ , a 24/7 , online only , linear sports news network . The network focuses entirely on sports news , results , highlights and analysis . ( CBS Sports college sports and golf programming that it distributes over the air is generally made available for free via separate streams , as are a limited number of NFL national telecasts ; the remainder requires a CBS All Access subscription to be viewed online , with CBS Sports Network programming requiring a TV Everywhere subscription . ) CBS Sports was honored at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for Outstanding Achievement in Advanced Media Technology for Synchronous Enhancement of Original Television Content for Interactive Use for its program March Madness on Demand . On August 31 , 2013 , CBS Sports rolled out its previous graphics and animation package that was first used in the network 's coverage of Super Bowl XLVII . Additionally , in compliance with the Active Format Description # 10 code , CBS Sports switched to a 16:9 aspect ratio letterbox presentation used for all sports programming , including the SEC on CBS and the NFL on CBS broadcasts . On November 30 , 2015 , CBS Sports released a new logo in order to coincide with the network 's coverage of Super Bowl 50 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conference_USA", "text": "Conference USA ( C-USA or CUSA ) is an intercollegiate athletic conference whose current member institutions are located within the Southern United States . The conference participates in the NCAA 's Division I in all sports . C-USA 's offices are located in Dallas , Texas ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Olympique_Marseille", "text": "Olympique de Marseille ( French pronunciation : ​ [ ɔlɛ̃pik də maʁsɛj ] , locally [ ɔlɛ̃ˈpikə də mɑχˈsɛjə ] ; Occitan : Olimpic de Marselha , pronounced [ uˈlimpik de maʀˈsejɔ ] ) , also known as OM ( IPA : [ o.ɛm ] , locally [ oˈɛmə ] ) or simply Marseille , is a French professional football club based in Marseille in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur , Founded in 1899 , the club plays in Ligue 1 and have spent most of their history in the top tier of French football . The club has won ten official league titles ( nine times in Ligue 1 ) , ten Coupes de France and three Coupes de la Ligue . In 1993 , coach Raymond Goethals led the team to become the first and only French club to win the UEFA Champions League , defeating AC Milan 1-0 in the final . In 2010 , Marseille won its first Ligue 1 title in 18 years under the managing of former club captain Didier Deschamps . Marseille 's home ground is the 67,000-capacity Stade Vélodrome in the southern part of the city , where they have played since 1937 . The club has a large fan-base , having regularly averaged the highest attendance in French football . Marseille 's average home gate for the 2008-09 season was 52,276 , the highest in Ligue 1 . The stadium underwent renovation in 2011 , going from its previous capacity of 60,031 to 42,000 . Following completion in August 2014 , the final capacity increased to 67,000 ahead of France 's hosting of UEFA Euro 2016 . In 2015 , the club was ranked 23rd globally in terms of annual revenue , generating €130.5 million . In 1997 , Marseille was purchased by Franco-Swiss businessman Robert Louis-Dreyfus . Following his death in 2009 , his widow Margarita became the club 's majority shareholder in 2010 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Nick_Lachey", "text": "Nicholas Scott Lachey ( /ləˈʃeɪ/ lə-SHAY ; born November 9 , 1973 ) is an American actor , singer , and television personality . He rose to fame as the lead singer of the multi-platinum-selling boyband 98 Degrees , and later starred in the reality series Newlyweds : Nick and Jessica with his then-wife , Jessica Simpson . He has released four solo albums : SoulO , What 's Left of Me , A Father 's Lullaby , and Soundtrack of My Life . He also had a recurring role on the television series Charmed ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_McKillop", "text": "Michael Gerard McKillop MBE ( born 27 January 1990 in Ballymena , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish middle distance runner . He competes in the T37 disability sport classification , as he has a mild form of cerebral palsy . He won the 800m title at the 2006 IPC Athletics World Championships , clocking just over 2:02. and he represented Ireland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics , winning a gold medal at the T37 800 m clipping almost three seconds off his previous mark as he strode to an emphatic win in 1:59.41 . His time was a Paralympic record . McKillop won the 800 m title at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships in world-record time of 1:58.90 , he also set a 1500 m world record but was not awarded a medal because of the lack of entries . in the London 2012 Paralympics , McKillop won gold for the men 's 800 meter t37 with a time of 1:57.22 ; this was a world record . He won the 1500m T37 race in the 2012 London Paralympics . The medal was later presented to him by his mother , Catherine McKillop , an ambassador of Procter & Gamble . He defended his 1500m T37 title at the 2016 Rio Paralympics securing the gold medal once again . He is coached by his father Paddy , who was awarded Northern Ireland Sports Coach of the Year . McKillop has a personal best in his preferred 800 metres of 1:57.22 . In 2012 , McKillop was awarded the Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/1996_European_Open_(snooker)", "text": "The 1996 European Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 25 February to 3 March 1996 at the Mediterranean Conference Centre in Valletta , Malta . John Parrott won the tournament , defeating Peter Ebdon 9-7 in the final . The defending champion Stephen Hendry was eliminated by Joe Swail in the last 16 round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Simba_(The_Lion_King)", "text": "Simba is the main character of Disney 's The Lion King franchise . Introduced in Walt Disney Animation 's 32nd animated feature film The Lion King ( 1994 ) , the character subsequently appears in The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride ( 1998 ) and The Lion King 1½ ( 2004 ) as well as the 2019 remake of the original film , which is the most recent appearance . Simba was created by screenwriters Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton . While Mark Henn served as Simba 's supervising animator as a cub , Ruben A. Aquino animated the character as he appears as an adult . Simba was inspired by the character Bambi from Disney 's Bambi ( 1942 ) , Osamu Tezuka 's anime Kimba the White Lion , as well as the stories of Moses and Joseph from the Bible . Additionally , several similarities have been drawn between Simba and Prince Hamlet from William Shakespeare 's Hamlet . In 1997 , The Lion King was adapted into a Broadway musical , with actors Scott Irby-Ranniar and Jason Raize originating the roles of the cub and adult Simbas , respectively . JD McCrary and Donald Glover voice the cub and adult Simba respectively in the CGI remake ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh_Pirates", "text": "The Pittsburgh Pirates are an American professional baseball team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . Founded in 1881 under the name Pittsburgh Allegheny , the franchise has won five World Series championships . The Pirates are also often referred to as the Bucs or the Buccos ( derived from buccaneer , a synonym for pirate ) . The team plays its home games at PNC Park , its home since 2001 . The Pirates previously played at Forbes Field from 1909-1970 and at Three Rivers Stadium , so named because of its location near the confluence of the Allegheny , Monongahela , and Ohio rivers , from 1970-2000 . The franchise joined the NL in its eighth season in 1887 and was competitive from its early years , winning three NL titles from 1901 to 1903 , playing in the inaugural World Series in 1903 and winning their first World Series in 1909 behind Honus Wagner . The Pirates have had many ups and downs during their long history , most famously winning the 1960 World Series against the New York Yankees on a series-winning walk-off home run by Bill Mazeroski , the only time that Game 7 of the World Series has ever ended with a home run . They also won the 1971 World Series , led by the talent of Roberto Clemente , and the 1979 World Series under the slogan We Are Family , led by Pops Willie Stargell . After a run of regular-season success in the early 1990s ( winning three straight NL East Division titles ) , the Pirates struggled mightily over the following 20 years , with 20 consecutive losing seasons from 1993 to 2012 - the longest such streak in American professional sports history - before posting a winning record in 2013 of 94-68 , qualifying them for the NL Wild Card . They advanced to the NL Division Series round , where they lost in 5 games to the St. Louis Cardinals . The Pirates made the playoffs in both 2014 and 2015 , losing in the Wild Card Game both times ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers", "text": "Red Hot Chili Peppers ( commonly abbreviated as RHCP ) are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983 . Their music incorporates elements of alternative rock , funk , punk rock and psychedelic rock . The band comprises vocalist Anthony Kiedis , bassist Flea , drummer Chad Smith , and guitarist John Frusciante . With over 80 million records sold worldwide , Red Hot Chili Peppers are one of the best-selling bands of all time . They are the most successful band in the history of alternative rock radio , with the records for most number-one singles ( 13 ) , most cumulative weeks at number one ( 85 ) and most top-ten songs ( 25 ) on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart . They have won six Grammy Awards , and in 2012 were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in Los Angeles by Kiedis , Flea , guitarist Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons . Because of commitments to other bands , Slovak and Irons did not play on the band 's 1984 self-titled debut album ; instead , the album featured Jack Sherman on guitar and Cliff Martinez on drums . Slovak rejoined shortly after its release and performed on the albums Freaky Styley ( 1985 ) and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan ( 1987 ) , the latter of which saw a reunion of the original lineup . Slovak died of a drug overdose on June 25 , 1988 ; devastated , Irons left the band . With new recruits Frusciante and Smith , Red Hot Chili Peppers recorded two albums , Mother 's Milk ( 1989 ) and their first major commercial success , Blood Sugar Sex Magik ( 1991 ) . Frusciante was uncomfortable with the newfound popularity and left abruptly during the 1992 Blood Sugar Sex Magik tour ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Fitzgerald,_Georgia", "text": "The city of Fitzgerald is the county seat of Ben Hill County in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 9,053 . It is the principal city of the Fitzgerald Micropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Ben Hill and Irwin counties ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Binyiny", "text": "Binyiny is a town in Eastern Uganda . It is the largest town in Kween District and the headquarters of the district are located in the town . Kween District is one of the twenty-three new Ugandan districts , created in 2010 . Prior to July 2010 , the district was part of Kapchorwa District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Skylar_Diggins-Smith", "text": "Skylar Kierra Diggins-Smith ( born August 2 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . Diggins was drafted 3rd overall by the Tulsa Shock in the 2013 WNBA Draft . In high school , she was the National Gatorade Player of the Year , the Gatorade Female Athlete of the Year , and a McDonald 's All-American . Diggins played point guard for Notre Dame , where she led Notre Dame to three consecutive Final Fours and two consecutive NCAA championship appearances . She finished her Notre Dame career ranked first in points and steals , second in assists , and as a two-time winner of the Nancy Lieberman Award as the top point guard in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Oyashio_Current", "text": "Oyashio ( 親潮 , Parental Tide ) , also known as Oya Siwo , Okhostk or the Kurile current , is a cold subarctic ocean current that flows south and circulates counterclockwise in the western North Pacific Ocean . The waters of the Oyashio Current originate in the Arctic Ocean and flow southward via the Bering Sea , passing through the Bering Strait and transporting cold water from the Arctic Sea into the Pacific Ocean and the Sea of Okhotsk . It collides with the Kuroshio Current off the eastern shore of Japan to form the North Pacific Current ( or Drift ) . The nutrient-rich Oyashio is named for its metaphorical role as the parent ( 親 , oya ) that provides for and nurtures marine organisms . The current has an important impact on the climate of the Russian Far East , mainly in Kamchatka and Chukotka , where the northern limit of tree growth is moved south up to ten degrees compared with the latitude it can reach in inland Siberia . The waters of the Oyashio Current form probably the richest fishery in the world owing to the extremely high-nutrient content of the cold water and the very high tides ( up to ten metres ) in some areas - which further enhances the availability of nutrients . However , the Oyashio Current also causes Vladivostok to be the most equatorward port to seasonally freeze and require icebreaking ships to remain open in winter . Nonetheless , this has relatively little effect on the fish yield through the Sea of Okhotsk , because the large tides mean freezing does not occur so easily . During glacial periods , when lower sea level exposed the Bering land bridge , the current could not flow in the regions the Oyashio affects today . The level of cooling with the onset of glacial conditions ( after an interglacial ) was much less than in other areas of the Earth at similar latitudes . This allowed Tōhoku and Hokkaidō - the only areas of East Asia with enough snowfall to potentially form glaciers - to remain unglaciated except at high elevations during periods when Europe and North America were largely glaciated . This lack of glaciation explains why , despite its present climate being much colder than most of Europe , East Asia has retained 96 percent of Pliocene tree genera , whereas Europe has retained only 27% ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Tact_(PG-98)", "text": "HMS Smilax was originally launched as Tact ( PG-98 ) , an Action-class gunboat built for the United States Navy by Collingwood Shipyards , Ltd. , Collingwood , Ontario , Canada"}
{"title": "/wiki/Elem_Klimov", "text": "Elem Germanovich Klimov ( Russian : Эле́м Ге́рманович Кли́мов ; 9 July 1933 - 26 October 2003 ) was a Soviet Russian film director . He studied at the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography , and was married to film director Larisa Shepitko . Klimov is best known in the West for his final film , 1985 's Come and See ( Иди и смотри ) , which follows a teenage boy in German-occupied Byelorussia during the Great Patriotic War and is often considered one of the greatest war films ever made . He also directed dark comedies , children 's movies , and historical pictures ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mount_Vernon_High_School_(New_York)", "text": "Mount Vernon High School ( MVHS ) is a public high school in the Chester Heights section of the City of Mount Vernon in Westchester County , New York , United States . It is part of the Mount Vernon City School District ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2019–20_Duquesne_Dukes_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2019-20 Duquesne Dukes men 's basketball team represents Duquesne University during the 2019-20 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Dukes , led by third-year head coach Keith Dambrot , are members of the Atlantic 10 Conference . Due to the closure of the Dukes ' normal home of UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse ( formerly Palumbo Center ) for major renovations , the team is using three venues for its home games - Kerr Fitness Center at La Roche University in the northern suburb of McCandless , UPMC Events Center at Robert Morris University in the northwest suburb of Moon Township , and PPG Paints Arena in downtown Pittsburgh ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sakai,_Fukui", "text": "Sakai ( 坂井市 , Sakai-shi ) is a city located in Fukui Prefecture , Japan . As of 10 May 2018 [ update ] , the city had an estimated population of 92,210 in 31,509 households and the population density of 550 persons per km² . The total area of the city was 209.67 square kilometres ( 80.95 sq mi ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Iowa_House_of_Representatives", "text": "The Iowa House of Representatives is the lower house of the Iowa General Assembly , the upper house being the Iowa Senate . There are 100 seats in the Iowa House of Representatives , representing 100 single-member districts across the state , formed by dividing the 50 Senate districts in half . Each district has a population of approximately 30,464 as of the 2010 United States Census [ update ] . The House of Representatives meets at the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines . Unlike the upper house , the Iowa Senate , state House representatives serve two-year terms with the whole chamber up for re-election in even-numbered years . There are no term limits for the House ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Naima_Adedapo", "text": "Naima Adedapo ( born October 5 , 1984 ) is an American singer and dancer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin . Adedapo placed in the top 11 on the tenth season of American Idol ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vittorio_Gui", "text": "Vittorio Gui ( 14 September 188516 October 1975 ) was an Italian conductor , composer , musicologist and critic . Gui was born in Rome in 1885 . He graduated in humanities at the University of Rome and also studied composition at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia ; his principal composition teachers were the noted composers Giacomo Setaccioli and Stanislao Falchi . His style was impressionistic with characteristic Italian traits . Gui 's opera David premiered in Rome in 1907 ; later that year , he made his professional conducting debut at the Teatro Adriano in Rome , leading Ponchielli 's La Gioconda as a substitute . This led to invitations to conduct in Naples and Turin ( he met Claude Debussy in Turin in 1911 ) . In 1923 , Arturo Toscanini invited him to conduct Salome by Richard Strauss as the season opener at La Scala in Milan . He conducted the Teatro Regio in Turin from 1925 to 1927 ; in his last year in Turin , he premiered his fairy-tale opera Fata Malerba there . ( Other notable compositions included the cantata Cantico dei cantici ( Song of Songs ) from 1921 , and the symphonic poem Giulietta e Romeo ( with voices , from 1902 ) . ) In 1928 , Gui founded and conducted the Orchestra Stabile ; he developed the organization of the orchestra into the 1933 Maggio Musicale Fiorentino or Florence May Music Festival , which he led until 1943 . At the festival he conducted unusual operas such as Verdi 's Luisa Miller , Spontini 's La vestale , Cherubini 's Médée and Gluck 's Armide . In 1933 Bruno Walter invited Gui to be guest conductor at the Salzburg Festival , and in 1936 Sir Thomas Beecham invited him to be a regular conductor at the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wannseekonferenz_(film)", "text": "The Wannsee Conference ( German : Die Wannseekonferenz ) is a 1984 German TV film portraying the events of the Wannsee Conference , held in Berlin in January 1942 . The script is derived from the minutes of the meeting . Since no verbatim transcription of the meeting exists , the dialogue is necessarily fictionalised . The main theme of the film is the bureaucratic nature of the genocide . The same events were later depicted in the 2001 English-language film Conspiracy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bristol_Grammar_School", "text": "Bristol Grammar School ( BGS ) is a 4-18 mixed , independent day school in Bristol , England that was founded in 1532 by Royal Charter for the teaching of 'good manners and literature ' , endowed by wealthy Bristol merchants Robert and Nicholas Thorne to educate the sons of the city 's merchants and tradesmen . The school flourished in the early 20th century under headmaster Sir Cyril Norwood ( 1906-1916 ) , embodying the ideals and experiences of a leading public school . Norwood went on to serve as the master at Marlborough College and Harrow . Bristol Grammar 's headmaster , Jaideep Barot MA MSc , is a member of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference ( HMC ) and joined the school from Marlborough College in September 2018 . The school was first cited in the Public Schools Year Book in 1907 , and former headmaster John Mackay ( 1960-1975 ) served as the chairman of the HMC in 1970 . Founded as an all-boys school , Bristol Grammar is now fully co-educational having first admitted girls in 1980 . The school counts among its alumni prominent personalities including Nobel laureate Sir John Pople , former British ambassador to the US Lord Oliver Franks , and founder of Penguin Books Sir Allen Lane . It has educated members of both houses of the UK Parliament and has a strong legal tradition , having educated two present Lord Justices of Appeal ( Sirs Rabinder Singh and Timothy Holroyde ) . The school is divided into three sections : the Infants and Juniors ( ages 4-11 ) , the Senior School ( ages 11-16 ) and Sixth Form ( ages 16-18 ) . The Infants and Juniors School was ranked in 2016 by The Good Schools Guide as one of the best value prep schools in the UK . The Senior School and Sixth Form rank academically amongst the best performing independent schools in South West England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eugene,_Oregon", "text": "Eugene ( /juːˈdʒiːn/ yoo-JEEN ) is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest . It is at the southern end of the verdant Willamette Valley , near the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette Rivers , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of the Oregon Coast . As of the 2010 census , Eugene had a population of 156,185 ; it is the county seat of Lane County and the state 's third most populous city after Portland and Salem , though recent state estimates suggest its population may have surpassed Salem 's . The Eugene-Springfield , Oregon metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) is the 146th largest metropolitan statistical area in the US and the third-largest in the state , behind the Portland Metropolitan Area and the Salem Metropolitan Area . The city 's population for 2018 was estimated to be 171,245 by the US Census . Eugene is home to the University of Oregon , Northwest Christian University , and Lane Community College . The city is also noted for its natural environment , recreational opportunities ( especially bicycling , running/jogging , rafting , and kayaking ) , and focus on the arts . Eugene 's official slogan is A Great City for the Arts and Outdoors . It is also referred to as the Emerald City and as Track Town , USA . The Nike corporation had its beginnings in Eugene . In 2021 , the city will host the 18th Track and Field World Championships ."}
{"title": "/wiki/João_Palhinha", "text": "João Maria Lobo Alves Palhinha Gonçalves ( born 9 July 1995 ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Braga on loan from Sporting CP as a defensive midfielder ."}
{"title": "/wiki/USS_Missoula_(APA-211)", "text": "USS Missoula ( APA-211 ) was a Haskell-class attack transport that saw service with the US Navy in World War II . She was a Victory ship design , VC2-S-AP5 . She was named after Missoula County , Montana , United States , and was the second ship to bear the name USS Missoula ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tim_Siegel_(One_Life_to_Live)", "text": "This is a list of characters from the ABC Daytime soap opera , One Life to Live , that began their run between the show 's pilot episode and the end of 1979 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chongqing", "text": "Chongqing ( /ˌtʃʊŋˈtʃɪŋ/ , also US : /ˌtʃɔːŋ- , ˌtʃuːŋ-/ , Chinese : [ ʈʂʰʊ̌ŋ.tɕʰîŋ ] ( listen ) ) , alternatively romanised as Chungking , [ note 2 ] is a megacity in southwest China . Administratively , it is one of the four municipalities under the direct administration of central government of the People 's Republic of China ( the other three are Beijing , Shanghai and Tianjin ) , and the only such municipality located far away from the coast . The municipality of Chongqing , which is around the size of Austria , includes the city of Chongqing and various non-connected cities . As the Chongqing municipality government directly administers the city of Chongqing , as well as rural counties , and other cities not connected to the city of Chongqing , Chongqing municipality can technically claim to be the largest city proper in the world , even though this is due to a classification technicality and not because it is actually the world 's largest urban area . Chongqing was a municipality during the Republic of China ( ROC ) administration , serving as its wartime capital during the Second Sino-Japanese War ( 1937-1945 ) . The current municipality was recreated on 14 March 1997 to help develop the central and western parts of China . The Chongqing administrative municipality has a population of over 30 million . The city of Chongqing , comprising 9 urban and suburban districts , has a population of 8,518,000 as of 2016 . According to the 2010 census , Chongqing is the most populous Chinese municipality , and also the largest direct-controlled municipality in China , containing 26 districts , eight counties , and four autonomous counties . The official abbreviation of the city , Yú ( 渝 ) , was approved by the State Council on 18 April 1997 . This abbreviation is derived from the old name of a part of the Jialing River that runs through Chongqing and feeds into the Yangtze River . Chongqing has a significant history and culture ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Australopithecus_afarensis", "text": "Australopithecus afarensis ( Latin : Southern ape from Afar ) is an extinct hominin that lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago in Africa . A. afarensis was slenderly built , like the younger Australopithecus africanus . A. afarensis is thought to be more closely related to the genus Homo ( which includes the modern human species Homo sapiens ) , whether as a direct ancestor or a close relative of an unknown ancestor , than any other known primate from the same time . Some researchers include A. afarensis in the genus Praeanthropus . The most famous fossil is the partial skeleton named Lucy ( 3.2 million years old ) found by Donald Johanson , who was playing the Beatles song Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds ( where the name Lucy comes from ) while at the dig site ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bharatiya_Janata_Party", "text": "The Bharatiya Janata Party ( pronounced [ bʱaːrətiːjə dʒənətaː paːrʈiː ] ( listen ) ; translation : Indian People 's Party ; abbr . BJP ) is one of the two major political parties in India , along with the Indian National Congress . As of 2019 [ update ] , it is the country 's largest political party in terms of representation in the national parliament and state assemblies and is the world 's largest party in terms of primary membership . BJP is a right-wing party , and its policy has historically reflected Hindu nationalist positions . It has close ideological and organisational links to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) . The BJP 's origin lies in the Bharatiya Jana Sangh , formed in 1951 by Syama Prasad Mukherjee . After the State of Emergency in 1977 , the Jana Sangh merged with several other parties to form the Janata Party ; it defeated the incumbent Congress party in the 1977 general election . After three years in power , the Janata party dissolved in 1980 with the members of the erstwhile Jana Sangh reconvening to form the BJP . Although initially unsuccessful , winning only two seats in the 1984 general election , it grew in strength on the back of the Ram Janmabhoomi movement . Following victories in several state elections and better performances in national elections , the BJP became the largest party in the parliament in 1996 ; however , it lacked a majority in the lower house of Parliament , and its government lasted only 13 days . After the 1998 general election , the BJP-led coalition known as the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) under Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee formed a government that lasted for a year . Following fresh elections , the NDA government , again headed by Vajpayee , lasted for a full term in office ; this was the first non-Congress government to do so ."}
{"title": "/wiki/KCEN-TV", "text": "KCEN-TV , virtual channel 6 ( VHF digital channel 9 ) , is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Temple , Texas , United States and serving Central Texas , including Waco , Temple and Killeen . The station is owned by Tegna Inc. KCEN-TV 's studios are located on North 3rd Street in downtown Temple , with a news bureau and sales office in Killeen ; its transmitter is located along I-35 south of Eddy . On cable , KCEN is available on Charter Spectrum and Grande Communications channel 3 , and in high definition on Spectrum digital channel 1203 and Grande channel 803 . KAGS-LD ( channel 23 ) in Bryan operates as a low-powered semi-satellite of KCEN-TV , serving the Brazos Valley . As such , it simulcasts all network and syndicated programming as provided through KCEN but airs separate local newscasts , commercial inserts and legal identifications , and has its own website . KCEN-TV serves the western half of the Waco-Temple-Bryan market while KAGS-LD serves the eastern portion . The two stations are counted as a single unit for ratings purposes . Although KAGS maintains its own studios on South Texas Avenue in Bryan , master control and some internal operations are based at KCEN 's facilities ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gor_Mahia", "text": "Gor Mahia Football Club ( /ˌɡɔːr ˈmaɪjə/ ( listen ) ) , commonly also known as K'Ogalo ( Luo for House of Ogalo ) , is a football club based in Nairobi , Kenya . They have won the Kenyan Premier League a record 18 times , Five more than their arch-rivals A.F.C . Leopards , and have also won the FKF President 's Cup a record 10 times . They are the only team from Kenya and the CECAFA region to win an African continental title to date , having won the African Cup Winners ' Cup in 1987 after previously reaching the final in 1979 . The club was formally established on 17 February 1968 as a merger of Luo Union and Luo Sports Club ( also known as Luo Stars ) and won the national league at the first time of asking . Some of its original leaders were politicians Tom Mboya and Jaramogi Oginga Odinga . However the club was founded much earlier , in the 1915 , and participated intermittently in local tournaments in Western Kenya . Various groups used this name at different times . The club plays its home games at the Nairobi City Stadium . Alternatively they also play their home games at the Moi International Sports Centre and the Nyayo National Stadium . It has been proposed that the club hosts some of its home matches at its alternate stadiums in its earlier days , the renovated Kisumu County Stadium and the Mombasa Municipal Stadium . The club won the Kenya National Football league in 1968 , having been formally founded only in February of the same year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Meguro_Station", "text": "Meguro Station ( 目黒駅 , Meguro-eki ) is a railway station in Tokyo 's Shinagawa ward close to the boundary with Meguro ward . The station is just south of Meguro Dori ( Meguro Street ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CKSB-FM", "text": "CKSB-FM ( 89.9 MHz ) is a public radio station in Winnipeg , Manitoba , owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( Société Radio-Canada ) . It carries Radio-Canada 's Ici Musique network , airing a mix of adult album alternative ( AAA ) , classical music and other genres . CKSB-FM has an effective radiated power of 61,000 watts , broadcasting from the Starbuck Communications Tower ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pablo_Carreño_Busta", "text": "Pablo Carreño Busta ( ; born 12 July 1991 ) is a Spanish professional tennis player who is ranked world No . 56 ( as of 21 May 2019 ) in men 's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) , and reached a career high of No . 10 on 11 September 2017 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/UAAP_Season_70", "text": "UAAP Season 70 was the 2007-08 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines , which was hosted by the University of Santo Tomas . The theme of season 70 was Winners All , Recreating the Value of Honesty through Sports It opened on July 7 , 2007 at the Araneta Coliseum . De La Salle University returned to active participation after being suspended in Season 69 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Punjab,_India", "text": "Punjab ( /pʌnˈdʒɑːb/ ( listen ) , Punjabi : [ pənˈdʒaːb ] ) is a state in northern India . Forming part of the larger Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent , the state is bordered by the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir to the north , and the Indian states of Himachal Pradesh to the east , Haryana to the south and southeast , and Rajasthan to the southwest . It is bordered by the Pakistani province of Punjab to the west . The state covers an area of 50,362 square kilometres , 1.53% of India 's total geographical area . It is the 20th-largest Indian state by area . With 27,704,236 inhabitants at the 2011 census , Punjab is the 16th-largest state by population , comprising 22 districts . Punjabi is the most widely spoken and official language of the state . The main ethnic group are the Punjabis , with Sikhs ( 58% ) and Hindus ( 38% ) . The state capital is Chandigarh , a Union Territory and also the capital of the neighbouring state of Haryana . The five tributary rivers of the Indus River from which the region took its name are Sutlej , Ravi , Beas , Chenab and Jhelum Rivers ; Sutlej , Ravi and Beas are part of the Indian Punjab . The history of Punjab has witnessed the migration and settlement of innumerable races , forming a melting pot of Punjabi civilisation . The first traces of human habitation in India were found in the Punjab region ."}
{"title": "/wiki/King_Kelly", "text": "Michael Joseph King Kelly ( December 31 , 1857 - November 8 , 1894 ) , also commonly known as $ 10,000 Kelly , was an American outfielder , catcher , and manager in various professional American baseball leagues including the National League , International Association , Players ' League , and the American Association . He spent the majority of his 16-season playing career with the Chicago White Stockings and the Boston Beaneaters . Kelly was a player-manager three times in his career - in 1887 for the Beaneaters , in 1890 leading the Boston Reds to the pennant in the only season of the Players ' League 's existence , and in 1891 for the Cincinnati Kelly 's Killers - before his retirement in 1893 . He is also often credited with helping to popularize various strategies as a player such as the hit and run , the hook slide , and the catcher 's practice of backing up first base . In only the second vote since its creation in 1939 , the Old Timers Committee ( now the Veterans ' Committee ) elected Kelly to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1945 . In concluding where to truly give Kelly credit as an innovator , a 2004 book devoted to 19th-century rule bending in baseball - and which came close to exhaustively accounting for all contemporary reporting on various subjects - placed stress on the following : Kelly 's hook slide does sound special , and players probably tried to copy it . Also , he seems to have been the first big leaguer to successfully cut a base ( when the usually lone umpire was n't looking ) , at least according to the newspaper record . And , Kelly could have been the first to foul off lots of pitches on purpose . Doing so was a top trick of some Baltimore players of the 1890s . At the turn of the century , that trick was defused when all foul balls began counting as strikes . Kelly 's autobiography Play Ball was published while he was with the Beaneaters in 1888 , the first autobiography by a baseball player ; it was ghostwritten by Boston baseball writer John J. Jack Drohan . Kelly also became a vaudeville performer during his playing career , first performing in Boston where he would recite the now-famous baseball poem Casey at the Bat , sometimes butchering it ."}
{"title": "/wiki/It's_Raining_Men", "text": "It 's Raining Men is a song by the American musical duo The Weather Girls from their third studio album Success ( 1983 ) . It was released as the album 's lead single on September 10 , 1982 through Columbia Records and CBS Records International . Paul Jabara wrote the song in collaboration with Paul Shaffer , and composed the song in collaboration with Bob Esty . It 's Raining Men is a Hi-NRG and Post-disco that incorporates elements of R & B , soul , and 1970s-style electronic dance music . Its lyrics describe an excitement and enjoyment of many different types of men . It 's Raining Men was a number-one dance hit in the United States , and reached the top ten in various other countries worldwide . VH1 listed the song as one of the Greatest Songs of the 1980s as well as one of the Greatest Songs of the 2000s decade . At the 26th Annual Grammy Awards ( 1983 ) , It 's Raining Men received a nomination at the Grammy Awards for Best R & B Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/HNK_Cibalia", "text": "Hrvatski nogometni klub Cibalia , commonly known as Cibalia Vinkovci or simply Cibalia , is a Croatian football club from the town of Vinkovci in eastern Croatia . Cibalia currently play in the Treća HNL , Croatia 's third tier league . Their stadium is located in the south part of their home town and can hold 12,000 spectators . The name Cibalia comes from the Roman settlement called Colonia Aurelia Cibalae which was the precursor of the present-day town of Vinkovci . In the period from 1945 to 1990 the club was called NK Dinamo Vinkovci ."}
{"title": "/wiki/You've_Lost_That_Lovin'_Feelin'", "text": "You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feelin ' is a song written by Phil Spector , Barry Mann , and Cynthia Weil . It was first recorded by the Righteous Brothers in 1964 , produced by Phil Spector . Their recording is considered by some music critics to be the ultimate expression and illustration of Spector 's Wall of Sound recording technique . It has also been described by various music writers as one of the best records ever made and the ultimate pop record . The original Righteous Brothers version was a critical and commercial success on its release , becoming a number-one hit single in both the United States and the United Kingdom in February 1965 . It was the fifth best selling song of 1965 in the US . It also entered the Top 10 in the UK chart on an unprecedented three separate occasions . You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feelin ' has been covered successfully by numerous artists . In 1965 , Cilla Black 's recording reached number two in the UK Singles Chart . Dionne Warwick took her version to number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1969 . A 1971 duet version by singers Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway peaked at number 30 on the Billboard R & B singles chart . Long John Baldry charted at number two in Australia with his 1979 remake and a 1980 version by Hall and Oates reached number 12 on the US Hot 100 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Bounder", "text": "The Bounder is a British sitcom which ran from 16 April 1982 to 28 October 1983 , made by Yorkshire Television . The series starred Peter Bowles ( of To the Manor Born fame ) as Howard Booth , an ex-convict who served two years in jail . He lives with his brother-in-law , Trevor Mountjoy ( George Cole ) , and his sister ( Trevor 's wife ) , Mary ( Rosalind Ayres ) . The latter left after Series One in 1982 . It also starred Isla Blair as the next door widowed neighbour , Laura Miles . This series was created by Eric Chappell ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2009–10_Georgetown_Hoyas_men's_basketball_team", "text": "The 2009-10 Georgetown Hoyas men 's basketball team represented Georgetown University in the 2009-2010 NCAA Division I basketball season . The Hoyas were coached by John Thompson III and played their home games at the Verizon Center in Washington , D.C . The Hoyas are members of the Big East Conference . They finished the season 23-11 , 10-8 in Big East play . They advanced to the championship game of the 2010 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament before losing to West Virginia . They received an at-large bid to the 2010 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament , earning a 3 seed in the Midwest Region , where they were upset by 14 seed Ohio in the first round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Solanum_torvum", "text": "Solanum torvum is a bushy , erect and spiny perennial plant used horticulturally as a rootstock for eggplant . Grafted plants are very vigorous and tolerate diseases affecting the root system , thus allowing the crop to continue for a second year . It is also known as turkey berry , prickly nightshade , shoo-shoo bush , wild eggplant , pea eggplant , pea aubergine , kantɔsi , konsusua or abeduru ( Ghana ) , kittily ( Liberia ) , susumber ( Jamaica ) , boo , terongan , tekokak , rimbang , berenjena cimarrona , berenjena de gallina , berenjena silvestre , tabacón , pendejera , tomatillo , bâtard balengène , zamorette , friega-platos , kudanekayi ( Kannada : ಕುದನೆಕಾಯಿ ) , ( Gujarati : ગુજરાતી ) sundaikkai ( Tamil : சுண்டைக்காய் ) , ( Malayalam : ചുണ്ട ) , thibbatu ( Sinhala : තිබ්බටු ) , makhuea phuang ( Thai : มะเขือพวง ) , suzume nasu ( Japan : 雀茄子 ) , jurubeba ( Brazilian Portuguese ) , Ka Ran Sate Kay Thi ( Myanmar-Arakan ) , and many other names ( Howard 1989 , Little and others 1974 , Pacific Island Ecosystems at Risk 2001 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Donnas", "text": "The Donnas are an American rock band formed in Palo Alto , California in 1993 . They consisted of Brett Anderson ( lead vocals ) , Allison Robertson ( guitar , backing vocals ) , Maya Ford ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) and Amy Cesari ( drums , percussion , backing vocals ) . Cesari replaced Torry Castellano , who left the band in 2009 due to tendonitis . They draw inspiration from the Ramones , The Runaways , Girlschool , AC/DC , Bachman-Turner Overdrive and Kiss . Rolling Stone has stated that the Donnas offer a guileless take on adolescent alienation ; they traffic in kicks , not catharsis , fun rather than rage . MTV has stated that the band offers a good old-fashioned rock & roll party . After gathering a cult following in the punk scene since their 1997 debut , the band achieved major label commercial success in the early 2000s and afterward as their music mixed punk , metal and classic rock sounds ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marriage_in_the_Shadows", "text": "Ehe im Schatten ( Marriage in the Shadows ) is an East German film melodrama . Directed by Kurt Maetzig , it was released in 1947 by DEFA . The film was described as an attempt to confront the German people about the morals of the past , being the first film to confront the people about the persecution of the Jews and the atrocities conducted during World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atlético_Bucaramanga", "text": "Club Atlético Bucaramanga S.A. , better known as Atlético Bucaramanga , is a professional Colombian football team based in Bucaramanga . The club plays its home games at the Alfonso López stadium . The club was founded on 11 May 1949 by Rafael Chaberman , a Barranquilla businessman . Ever since , it has been a regular participant in the top flight of the Colombian professional league . The team 's most recent stint in the top division began in 2015 . The club 's greatest achievement to date took place in 1997 , when they reached the finals of the Colombian football league , losing to América de Cali . That performance qualified them for the ensuing Copa Libertadores de América , in which they reached the second round ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Växjö", "text": "Växjö ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈvɛ̂kːɧœ ] ) is a city and the seat of Växjö Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden . It had 66,275 inhabitants ( 2016 ) out of a municipal population of 90,721 ( 2017 ) . It is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of Kronoberg County and the episcopal see of the Diocese of Växjö . The town is home to Linnaeus University ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conglomerate_(company)", "text": "A conglomerate is a multi-industry company - i.e. , a combination of multiple business entities operating in entirely different industries under one corporate group , usually involving a parent company and many subsidiaries . Conglomerates are often large and multinational . Conglomerates were popular in the 1960s due to a combination of low interest rates and a repeating bear-bull market , which allowed the conglomerates to buy companies in leveraged buyouts , sometimes at temporarily deflated values . Famous examples from the 1960s include Ling-Temco-Vought , ITT Corporation , Litton Industries , Textron , Teledyne . Because of low interest on the loans , the overall return on investment of the conglomerate appeared to grow . In addition , the conglomerate had a better ability to borrow in the money market , or capital market , than the smaller firm at their community bank . [ citation needed ] For many years this was enough to make the company 's stock price rise , as companies were often valued largely on their return on investment . The aggressive nature of the conglomerators themselves was enough to make many investors , who saw a powerful and seemingly unstoppable force in business , buy their stock . [ citation needed ] High stock prices allowed them to raise more loans , based on the value of their stock , and thereby buy even more companies . This led to a chain reaction , which allowed them to grow very rapidly . However , all of this growth was somewhat illusory and when interest rates rose to offset inflation , conglomerate profits fell . Investors noticed that the companies inside the conglomerate were growing no faster than before they were purchased , whereas the rationale for buying a company was that synergies would provide efficiency ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Seattle", "text": "Seattle ( /siˈætəl/ ( listen ) see-AT-əl ) is a seaport city on the West Coast of the United States . It is the seat of King County , Washington . With an estimated 744,955 residents as of 2018 [ update ] , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America . According to U.S. Census data released in 2018 , the Seattle metropolitan area 's population stands at 3.94 million , and ranks as the 15th largest in the United States . In July 2013 , it was the fastest-growing major city in the United States and remained in the top 5 in May 2015 with an annual growth rate of 2.1% . In July 2016 , Seattle was again the fastest-growing major U.S. city , with a 3.1% annual growth rate . Seattle is the northernmost large city in the United States . The city is situated on an isthmus between Puget Sound ( an inlet of the Pacific Ocean ) and Lake Washington , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) south of the Canada-United States border . A major gateway for trade with Asia , Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America in terms of container handling as of 2015 [ update ] . The Seattle area was inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers . Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers , subsequently known as the Denny Party , arrived from Illinois via Portland , Oregon , on the schooner Exact at Alki Point on November 13 , 1851 . The settlement was moved to the eastern shore of Elliott Bay and named Seattle in 1852 , in honor of Chief Si'ahl of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Wellington_Regional_Stadium", "text": "Wellington Regional Stadium ( known commercially as Sky Stadium through naming rights , and colloquially as The Cake Tin ) is a major sporting venue in Wellington , New Zealand . The stadium 's bowl site size is 48,000 m2 . The stadium was built in 1999 by Fletcher Construction and is situated close to major transport facilities ( such as Wellington railway station ) one kilometre north of the CBD . It was built on reclaimed railway land , which was surplus to requirements . The stadium also serves as a large-capacity venue for concerts ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Number_1_Dads", "text": "# 1 Dads are an Australian alternative rock band devised by Tom Iansek , who is also lead vocalist-guitarist of Big Scary . He formed the group , initially named Dads in late 2010 , as a side project during down time and plays music which is more acoustic than electronic in construction compared with the parent band . According to Sputnikmusic 's reviewer Iansek began a particularly fertile period of writing and recording . Holed up in his house , the prolific Melbourne songwriter laid down a full album . Dads issued their first album , Man of Leisure , on 1 May 2011 . Sputnikmusic 's reviewer felt the group were experimenting with a fuller , more layered approach , adding flourishes of bass and piano and vocal harmonies and mandolins and glockenspiels to his intricate guitar work , making for a rich , diverse and rewarding listen . Oscar Coleman of FasterLouder described it as much more intricate and full though the use of varied instrumentation and layering , letting this project pique the interest of followers of his main band and lovers of acoustic ambiance alike . It provided the single , Life , Oh Life ( July 2012 ) , which Coleman felt was the album 's strongest and most memorable track . due to its creative brilliance , starting with the calming sound of raindrops and building to an acoustic climax , with the subtle flute melody complimenting the scratching guitar and relaxing piano . # 1 Dads second album , About Face ( August 2014 ) , debuted at No . 80 on the ARIA Albums Chart ; by mid-September of the following year it had spent 34 non-continuous weeks on the related ARIA Hitseekers Albums top 20 chart . For the 2015 promotion of About Face a live backing band with Gus Rigby on saxophone , Tom Snowdon ( of Lowlakes ) and Ainslie Wills were used ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Embeth_Davidtz", "text": "Embeth Jean Davidtz ( born August 11 , 1965 ) is a South African-American actress . Her screen roles include movies such as Army of Darkness , Schindler 's List , Matilda , Junebug , Mansfield Park , Bicentennial Man , and Fracture , and the television series Californication and Mad Men ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barcelona_El_Prat_Airport", "text": "Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport ( IATA : BCN , ICAO : LEBL ) ( Catalan : Aeroport Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat , Spanish : Aeropuerto Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat ) , previously named Barcelona-El Prat and also known as El Prat Airport , is an international airport located 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) southwest of the centre of Barcelona , lying in the municipalities of El Prat de Llobregat , Viladecans , and Sant Boi , in Catalonia , Spain , Europe . It has been named after a former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia , Josep Tarradellas , since 27 February 2019 . It is the second largest and busiest airport in Spain , and the sixth busiest in Europe . In 2019 , Barcelona Airport handled a record 52,686,314 million passengers , up 5.0% from 2018 . It is a hub for Level and Vueling , and a focus city for Air Europa , Iberia , EasyJet , Norwegian and Ryanair . The Barcelona-Madrid air shuttle service , known as the Puente Aéreo ( in Spanish ) , or Pont Aeri ( in Catalan ) literally Air Bridge , was the world 's busiest route until 2008 , with the highest number of flight operations ( 971 per week ) in 2007 . The schedule has been reduced since February 2008 , when a Madrid-Barcelona high-speed rail line was opened , covering the distance in 2 hours 30 minutes , and quickly became popular ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ismaïl_Moalla", "text": "Ismaïl Moalla ( born , Sfax ) is a Tunisian male volleyball player . He is part of the Tunisia men 's national volleyball team . He competed with the national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , Great Britain . He played with CS Sfaxien in 2012 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ottawa", "text": "Ottawa ( /ˈɒtəwə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɒtəwɑː/ ; French pronunciation : ​ [ ɔtawa ] ) is the capital city of Canada . It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of southern Ontario . Ottawa borders Gatineau , Quebec ; the two form the core of the Ottawa-Gatineau census metropolitan area ( CMA ) and the National Capital Region ( NCR ) . As of 2016 , Ottawa had a city population of 934,243 and a metropolitan population of 1,323,783 making it the fourth-largest city and the fifth-largest CMA in Canada . In June 2019 , the City of Ottawa estimated it had surpassed a population of a million . Founded in 1826 as Bytown , and incorporated as Ottawa in 1855 , the city has evolved into the political centre of Canada . Its original boundaries were expanded through numerous annexations and were ultimately replaced by a new city incorporation and amalgamation in 2001 which significantly increased its land area . The city name Ottawa was chosen in reference to the Ottawa River , the name of which is derived from the Algonquin Odawa , meaning to trade . Ottawa has the most educated population among Canadian cities and is home to a number of post-secondary , research , and cultural institutions , including the National Arts Centre , the National Gallery , and numerous national museums ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Bit.Trip_Presents..._Runner2:_Future_Legend_of_Rhythm_Alien", "text": "Bit.Trip Presents . Runner2 : Future Legend of Rhythm Alien , generally shortened as Runner2 , is a 2013 side-scrolling platformer developed by Gaijin Games . The game is the direct sequel to Bit.Trip Runner and has been released as a downloadable title available on the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation Vita , Xbox 360 and Wii U consoles , Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux and on iOS . The PC , Mac , Linux , and Wii U versions were self-published by Gaijin Games , and the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions were published by Aksys Games . Cutscenes and menus are narrated by Charles Martinet . While Runner2 has a lot in common with its predecessor , its polygonal graphics mark a significant departure from past entries in the Bit.Trip series . In an interview with Push Square , Gaijin Games co-founder Mike Roush cited the studios urge to spread its wings a bit as the inspiration behind the change . Runner2 has been well received by video game critics . The game received a sequel , Runner3 , for the Nintendo Switch and PC platforms in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Westfield,_New_Jersey", "text": "Westfield is a town in Union County of New Jersey , United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the town 's population was 30,316 , reflecting an increase of 672 ( +2.3% ) from the 29,644 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 774 ( +2.7% ) from the 28,870 counted in the 1990 Census . In March 2018 , Bloomberg ranked Westfield as the 99th wealthiest place in the United States , and the 18th wealthiest in New Jersey . According to a 2014 nationwide survey , Westfield was ranked as the 30th-safest city to live in the United States . The town has been one of the state 's wealthiest communities . Based on data from the American Community Survey for 2013-2017 , Westfield residents had a median household income of $ 159,923 , ranked 8th in the state among municipalities with more than 10,000 residents , more than double the statewide median of $ 76,475 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pakistan_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction", "text": "Pakistan is one of nine states to possess nuclear weapons . Pakistan began development of nuclear weapons in January 1972 under Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , who delegated the program to the Chairman of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission ( PAEC ) Munir Ahmad Khan with a commitment to having the bomb ready by the end of 1976 . Since PAEC , consisting of over twenty laboratories and projects under nuclear engineer Munir Ahmad Khan , was falling behind schedule and having considerable difficulty producing fissile material , Abdul Qadeer Khan was brought from Europe by Bhutto at the end of 1974 . As pointed out by Houston Wood , Professor of Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering , University of Virginia , Charlottesville , in his article on gas centrifuges , The most difficult step in building a nuclear weapon is the production of fissile material ; as such , this work in producing fissile material as head of the Kahuta Project was pivotal to Pakistan developing the capability to detonate a nuclear bomb by the end of 1984 . The Kahuta Project started under the supervision of a coordination board that oversaw the activities of KRL and PAEC . The Board consisted of A G N Kazi ( secretary general , finance ) , Ghulam Ishaq Khan ( secretary general , defence ) , and Agha Shahi ( secretary general , foreign affairs ) , and reported directly to Bhutto . Ghulam Ishaq Khan and General Tikka Khan appointed military engineer Major General Ali Nawab to the program . Eventually , the supervision passed to Lt General Zahid Ali Akbar Khan in President General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq 's Administration . Moderate uranium enrichment for the production of fissile material was achieved at KRL by April 1978 . Pakistan 's nuclear weapons development was in response to the loss of East Pakistan in 1971 's Bangladesh Liberation War . Bhutto called a meeting of senior scientists and engineers on 20 January 1972 , in Multan , which came to known as Multan meeting . Bhutto was the main architect of this programme , and it was here that Bhutto orchestrated the nuclear weapons programme and rallied Pakistan 's academic scientists to build an atomic bomb in three years for national survival ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Reading_Borough_Council", "text": "Reading Borough Council is the local authority for the Borough of Reading in the English county of Berkshire . It is a unitary authority , having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined . Berkshire is purely a ceremonial county , with no administrative responsibilities . Reading Borough Council has adopted the committee system of governance and the current leader of the council is Councillor Jason Brock of the Labour Party . The largely ceremonial post of mayor is held by Cllr Paul Woodward . The area covered by the Borough of Reading is one definition of the town of Reading . However , in common usage , the town often encompasses suburbs that lie beyond the borough boundary , in the adjoining local authority areas of Wokingham , West Berkshire and South Oxfordshire . These suburbs are outside the control of Reading Borough Council ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Anne_Rice", "text": "Anne Rice ( born Howard Allen Frances O'Brien , October 4 , 1941 ) is an American author of gothic fiction , Christian literature , and erotic literature . She is perhaps best known for her series of novels , The Vampire Chronicles , revolving around the central character of Lestat . Books from The Vampire Chronicles were the subject of two film adaptations , Interview with the Vampire in 1994 , and Queen of the Damned in 2002 . Born in New Orleans , Rice spent much of her early life there before moving to Texas , and later to San Francisco . She was raised in an observant Catholic family , but became an agnostic as a young adult . She began her professional writing career with the publication of Interview with the Vampire in 1976 , while living in California , and began writing sequels to the novel in the 1980s . In the mid-2000s , following a publicized return to Catholicism , Rice published the novels Christ the Lord : Out of Egypt and Christ the Lord : The Road to Cana , fictionalized accounts of certain incidents in the life of Jesus . Several years later she distanced herself from organized Christianity , citing disagreement with the Church 's stances on social issues but pledging that faith in God remained central to [ her ] life . However , she now considers herself a secular humanist . Rice 's books have sold nearly 100 million copies , placing her among the most popular authors in recent American history . While reaction to her early works was initially mixed , she became more popular with critics and readers in the 1980s . Her writing style and the literary content of her works have been analyzed by literary commentators ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Genkai,_Saga", "text": "Genkai ( 玄海町 , Genkai-chō ) is a town located in Higashimatsuura District , Saga Prefecture , Japan . It has an area of 36.00 km² and as of February 28 , 2017 has a population of 5,855 . It is currently the only municipality in Higashimatsuura District . There was a town with the same name in Fukuoka Prefecture , but it now no longer exists ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Belgium", "text": "Belgium , [ A ] officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a country in Western Europe . It is bordered by the Netherlands to the north , Germany to the east , Luxembourg to the southeast , France to the southwest , and the North Sea to the northwest . It covers an area of 30,689 km2 ( 11,849 sq mi ) and has a population of more than 11.5 million , making it the 22nd most densely populated country in the world and the 6th most densely populated country in Europe , with a density of 376 per square kilometre ( 970/sq mi ) . The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp , Ghent , Charleroi and Liège . The sovereign state is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system . Its institutional organization is complex and is structured on both regional and linguistic grounds . It is divided into three highly autonomous regions : the Flemish Region in the north , Wallonia in the south , and the Brussels-Capital Region . Brussels is the smallest and most densely populated region , as well as the richest region in terms of GDP per capita . Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups or communities : the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , which constitutes about 60 percent of the population , and the French-speaking Community , which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians . A small German-speaking Community , numbering around one percent , exists in the East Cantons . The Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual ( French and Dutch ) , although French is the dominant language . Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_Pro_Tour_season_2016-17", "text": "The 2016-17 Pro Tour season was the twenty-second season of the Magic : The Gathering Pro Tour . It started on 13 August 2016 with Grand Prix Portland and Rimini and ended on 30 July 2017 with the conclusion of Pro Tour Kyoto . The season consisted of 49 Grand Prix and 4 Pro Tours , located in Honolulu , Dublin , Nashville , and Kyoto ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Barrie", "text": "Barrie is a city , and manifesting regional centre in Central Ontario , Canada , positioned on the shores of Kempenfelt Bay , the western arm of Lake Simcoe . The city is located geographically within Simcoe County , however , it is a politically independent single-tier municipality . It is part of the historically significant Huronia region of Central Ontario and is within the northern part of the Greater Golden Horseshoe , a densely populated and industrialized region of Ontario . As of the 2016 census , the city 's population was 141,434 making it the 34th largest in Canada in terms of population proper . The Barrie census metropolitan area ( CMA ) as of the same census had a population of 197,059 residents , making the city the 21st largest CMA in Canada . The city itself has seen significant growth in recent decades due to its emergence as a bedroom community , and its relatively close proximity to the city of Toronto . Barrie is situated approximately 86.6 kilometres ( 53.8 mi ) from the Toronto Pearson International Airport and 109 kilometres ( 68 mi ) from Downtown Toronto , representing the city 's highly centralized and historically strategic geographical orientation and its ease of access to major centres and airports across the region . The Barrie area was first settled during the War of 1812 as a key supply depot for British forces . It would be named twenty years later for Sir Robert Barrie , who consistently commanded forces through the region . Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , Barrie 's emergence as a bedroom community for the city of Toronto grew in prominence , and its economy would be wrapped around the education , healthcare , information technology and service sectors . Being located in the climatically deterrent snowbelt region of southern Ontario , Barrie is notorious for its deluging snow squalls in the winter . In the summer , its position within a convergence of breezes originating from the surrounding Great Lakes can provoke intense thunderstorms ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Marina_Rossell", "text": "Marina Rossell i Figueras ( born January 17 , 1954 in Castellet i la Gornal , ) is a Spanish singer in Catalan and Spanish . She 's one of the most important singers in the modern Catalan language . She has sung traditional and revolutionary classical Catalan songs , habaneras and her own compositions . Rossell has collaborated with such diverse artists as : Georges Moustaki , Montserrat Caballé , Luis Eduardo Aute , Carlos Cano [ es ] , Pedro Guerra or the flamenco guitarist Tomatito . She has made numerous tours by Europe , Latin America , northern Africa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ford_B-Max", "text": "The Ford B-Max ( stylized as Ford B-MAX ) code name : B232 , is a mini MPV ( M-segment ) manufactured by Ford Europe since 2012 . Built on the Ford global B platform , it was initially unveiled as a concept car at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show , and was officially launched at the 2012 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . Production began in June 2012 , and marketing of the first units started during late July . It was launched in the United Kingdom on 1 September 2012 . The B-Max is based on the Ford Fiesta , and its main rivals were the Fiat 500L , the Citroën C3 Picasso and the Nissan Note ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_White_(snooker_player)", "text": "Michael White ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Welsh professional snooker player from Neath . At the age of nine he became the youngest player to have made a century break in competitive play and he was the world amateur champion by 14 . White won his first ranking event title at the 2015 Indian Open ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ötzi", "text": "Ötzi ( German pronunciation : [ ˈœtsi ] ( listen ) ) , also called the Iceman , the Similaun Man ( Italian : Mummia del Similaun ) , the Man from Hauslabjoch , the Tyrolean Iceman , and the Hauslabjoch mummy , is the well-preserved natural mummy of a man who lived between 3400 and 3100 BCE . The mummy was found in September 1991 in the Ötztal Alps , hence the nickname Ötzi , near Similaun mountain and Hauslabjoch on the border between Austria and Italy . He is Europe 's oldest known natural human mummy , and has offered an unprecedented view of Chalcolithic ( Copper Age ) Europeans . His body and belongings are displayed in the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology in Bolzano , South Tyrol , Italy ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Halifax_(UK_Parliament_constituency)", "text": "Halifax is a constituency [ n 1 ] represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Holly Lynch of the Labour Party . [ n 2 ]"}
{"title": "/wiki/Woodnewton", "text": "Woodnewton is a village in Northamptonshire , England . Essentially a pair of parallel streets , the village lies to the north of a small stream , the Willow Brook , in Rockingham Forest . It is in the East Northamptonshire district . At the time of the 2001 census , the parish 's population was 442 people , increasing slightly to 450 at the 2011 Census . Woodnewton is home to 'Clownfest ' , a fundraising operation inspired by Coco the Clown . There is a woodcarved statue of 'Coco the clown ' in the Woodnewton village park . Coco the clown is buried in the graveyard of St Mary 's parish church , which is situated to the western end of the village . Clownfest raised enough money to pay for the building of the current village hall , which is a central hub for the village . Other facilities include : Public House , Village hall , Church and a Pottery ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Central_Intercollegiate_Athletic_Association", "text": "The Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( CIAA ) is a collegiate athletic conference , mostly consisting of historically black colleges and universities . CIAA institutions are affiliated at the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Conference members are primarily located in North Carolina ( eight ) and Virginia ( two ) . There is one school in Maryland , Pennsylvania and South Carolina respectively . Because a majority of the members are in North Carolina , the CIAA moved its headquarters to Charlotte , North Carolina from Hampton , Virginia in August 2015 . The CIAA sponsors 16 annual championships and is divided into Northern and Southern divisions for some sports . The most notable CIAA sponsored championship is the CIAA Basketball Tournament held annually in Charlotte , North Carolina which has become one of the largest college basketball events in the nation ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sonny_Rollins", "text": "Walter Theodore Sonny Rollins ( born September 7 , 1930 ) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist who is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians . In a seven-decade career , he has recorded over sixty albums as a leader . A number of his compositions , including St. Thomas , Oleo , Doxy , Pent-Up House , and Airegin , have become jazz standards . Rollins has been called the greatest living improviser and the Saxophone Colossus ."}
{"title": "/wiki/National_Basketball_Association", "text": "The National Basketball Association ( NBA ) is a men 's professional basketball league in North America , composed of 30 teams ( 29 in the United States and 1 in Canada ) . It is one of the four major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada , and is widely considered to be the premier men 's professional basketball league in the world . [ better source needed ] The league was founded in New York City on June 6 , 1946 , as the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) . It changed its name to the National Basketball Association on August 3 , 1949 , after merging with the competing National Basketball League ( NBL ) . The NBA 's regular season runs from October to April , with each team playing 82 games . Its playoffs extend into June . NBA players are the world 's best paid athletes by average annual salary per player . The NBA is an active member of USA Basketball ( USAB ) , which is recognized by FIBA ( also known as the International Basketball Federation ) as the national governing body for basketball in the United States . The league 's several international as well as individual team offices are directed out of its head offices in Midtown Manhattan , while its NBA Entertainment and NBA TV studios are directed out of offices located in Secaucus , New Jersey ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ian_Ziering", "text": "Ian Andrew Ziering ( /ˈaɪən ˈzɪərɪŋ/ ; born March 30 , 1964 ) is an American actor and voice actor best known for his role as Steve Sanders on the television series Beverly Hills , 90210 , which he played from 1990 to 2000 . He is also the voice of Vinnie on Biker Mice from Mars . From 2013 to 2018 , he starred as Fin Shepard in the Sharknado film series . In 2019 , he played the DC Comics character Blue Devil on the series Swamp Thing ."}
{"title": "/wiki/University_of_Missouri–Kansas_City", "text": "The University of Missouri-Kansas City ( UMKC ) is a public research university in Kansas City , Missouri . UMKC is one of four campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri System , and one of only two with a medical school . As of 2015 , the university 's enrollment exceeded 16,000 students . It is the largest university and third largest college in the Kansas City metropolitan area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Södermanland", "text": "Södermanland ( Swedish pronunciation : [ ˈsø̂ːdɛrmanˌland ] or [ ˈsø̌ːdɛrmanland ] ( listen ) ) , locally Sörmland , sometimes referred to under its Latin form Sudermannia or Sudermania , is a historical province or landskap on the south eastern coast of Sweden . It borders Östergötland , Närke , Västmanland and Uppland . It is also bounded by lake Mälaren and the Baltic Sea . Södermanland means ( The ) Land of the Southern Men , where the southern men ( södermännen ) were the people living south of Uppland . Prince Alexander of Sweden is Duke of Södermanland ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Vermillion,_South_Dakota", "text": "Vermillion ( Lakota : Waséoyuze ; The Place Where Vermilion is Obtained ) is a city in and the county seat of Clay County , in the southeastern corner of the state of South Dakota , and the eleventh largest city in the state . According to the 2010 Census , the population was 10,571 . The city lies atop a bluff near the Missouri River . The area has been home to various Native American tribes for centuries . French fur traders first visited in the late 18th century . Vermillion was founded in 1859 and incorporated in 1873 . The name refers to the Lakota name : wa sa wak pa'la ( red stream ) . Home to the University of South Dakota , Vermillion has a mixed academic and rural character : the university is a major academic institution for the state , with its only law and medical schools and its only AACSB-accredited business school . Major farm products include corn , soybeans , and alfalfa ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Rockhurst_University", "text": "Rockhurst University is a private Jesuit university in Kansas City , Missouri . Founded in 1910 as Rockhurst College , Rockhurst University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Delhi", "text": "Delhi ( English : /ˈdɛli/ ; Hindi : [ ˈdɪlːi ] Dillī ; Punjabi : [ ˈdɪlːi ] Dillī ; Urdu : [ ˈdeɦli ] Dēhlī ) , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi ( NCT ) , is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi , the capital of India . It is bordered by the state of Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east . The NCT covers an area of 1,484 square kilometres ( 573 sq mi ) . According to the 2011 census , Delhi 's city proper population was over 11 million , the second-highest in India after Mumbai , while the whole NCT 's population was about 16.8 million . Delhi 's urban area is now considered to extend beyond the NCT boundaries , and include the neighbouring satellite cities of Ghaziabad , Faridabad , Gurgaon and Noida in an area now called National Capital Region ( NCR ) and had an estimated 2016 population of over 26 million people , making it the world 's second-largest urban area according to the United Nations . As of 2016 [ update ] , recent estimates of the metro economy of its urban area have ranked Delhi either the most or second-most productive metro area of India . Delhi is the second-wealthiest city in India after Mumbai and is home to 18 billionaires and 23,000 millionaires . Delhi ranks fifth among the Indian states and union territories in human development index . Delhi has the second-highest GDP per capita in India . Furthermore , it is considered one of the world 's most polluted cities by particulate matter concentration . Delhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BCE . Through most of its history , Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires , most notably the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughal Empire ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Stannard,_Vermont", "text": "Stannard is a town in Caledonia County , Vermont . The population was 216 at the 2010 census . The town has no paved roads ."}
{"title": "/wiki/ABC1", "text": "ABC ( formerly known as The ABC National Television Service or ABC-TV from 1956 until 2008 , and as ABC1 from 2008 until 2014 ) is a national public television network in Australia . Launched on 5 November 1956 it is the responsibility of the ABC 's television division , and is available nationally . The ABC 's headquarters is in Ultimo , an inner-city suburb of Sydney , New South Wales ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_2018_Winter_Olympics", "text": "Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics was held from 12 to 24 February at Yongpyong Alpine Centre ( slalom and giant slalom ) at the Alpensia Sports Park in PyeongChang and at the Jeongseon Alpine Centre ( speed events ) in Jeongseon , South Korea . In June 2015 , the International Olympic Committee approved the addition of a mixed team event , bringing the total of medal events in alpine skiing to eleven . It was the last event on the schedule ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Café_Tacvba", "text": "Café Tacuba ( stylized Café Tacvba ) is a band from Ciudad Satélite , Mexico . The group gained popularity in the early 1990s . They were founded in 1989 , before they had the current lineup of Rubén Isaac Albarrán Ortega ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Emmanuel del Real Díaz ( keyboards , piano , programming , rhythm guitar , melodica , vocals ) , José Alfredo Joselo Rangel Arroyo ( lead guitar , vocals ) , and Enrique Quique Rangel Arroyo : ( bass guitar , electric upright bass , vocals ) , their friend Roberto Silva played the keyboards for a short period of time . Mexican folk music player Alejandro Flores was for a time considered the 5th tacubo , as he played the violin in almost every Café Tacvba concert for many years . Since the Cuatro Caminos World Tour , Luis El Children Ledezma has played the drums in every concert but is not considered an official member of the band ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ray_Daviault", "text": "Raymond Joseph Robert Daviault ( born May 27 , 1934 ) is a retired Canadian professional baseball player . The right-handed pitcher , a native of Montreal , Quebec , had an 11-season ( 1953-1963 ) professional career , but spent only part of one season in the Major Leagues , appearing in 36 games ( all but three in relief ) for the 1962 New York Mets , the first season in that expansion team 's history . He stood 6 feet 1 inch ( 1.85 m ) tall and weighed 175 pounds ( 79 kg ) . Daviault had been selected by the Mets with the 18th pick in the 1961 Major League Baseball expansion draft , even though he had yet to pitch a single inning in the Majors . In 1961 , his ninth season in the minors , he had appeared in 58 games and 105 innings pitched for the Triple-A Tacoma Giants , fashioning a 10-9 record and an earned run average of 3.17 . In 1962 , he broke spring training camp on the Mets ' inaugural roster , and made his MLB debut on April 13 at the Polo Grounds against the Pittsburgh Pirates . Entering the game in the eighth inning with the Mets down , 3-2 , he walked Dick Groat , threw a wild pitch , retired Bob Skinner on a ground ball ( with Groat advancing to third base ) , then uncorked a second wild pitch to score Groat and increase the Pirate lead to 4-2 . He also walked three batters in the ninth inning but allowed no further scoring as Pittsburgh ended up winning , 4-3 . He earned his only MLB victory on July 7 against the St. Louis Cardinals , also at the Polo Grounds . He came into a 3-3 tie in the eighth inning , and immediately dodged a bullet when Cardinal baserunner Dal Maxvill failed to touch third base and was called out to kill a St. Louis rally . Then , in the ninth , Daviault surrendered a go-ahead home run to the Cardinals ' Curt Flood . But , in the bottom of the inning , the Mets ' Marv Throneberry hit a two-run , walk-off home run off Ernie Broglio to give New York and Daviault a come-from-behind , 5-4 win ."}
{"title": "/wiki/NAS_North_Island", "text": "Naval Air Station North Island or NAS North Island ( IATA : NZY , ICAO : KNZY , FAA LID : NZY ) is located at the north end of the Coronado peninsula on San Diego Bay and is the home port of several aircraft carriers of the United States Navy . It is part of the largest aerospace-industrial complex in the United States Navy - Naval Base Coronado ( NBC ) in San Diego County , California . The Commanding Officer of NAS North Island ( a.k.a . NASNI ) is also the Commanding Officer , Naval Base Coronado ( NBC ) . As such , he commands or administers NASNI and seven other Naval facilities : Naval Amphibious Base Coronado ( NABC ) ; Outlying Field Imperial Beach ; Silver Strand Training Complex ; Remote Training Site , Warner Springs ; Mountain Warfare Training Camp Michael Monsoor ; Camp Morena ; and Naval Auxiliary Landing Facility San Clemente Island . NBC , with only its commands in the metropolitan San Diego Area , brackets the city of Coronado from the entrance to San Diego Bay to the Mexican border . NAS North Island itself is host to 23 aviation squadrons and 80 additional tenant commands and activities , one of which , the Fleet Readiness Center Southwest , is the largest aerospace employer in San Diego ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Unión_Huaral", "text": "Club Unión Huaral is a Peruvian football club , from the city of Huaral . It was founded in 1947 and currently plays in Peru 's Segunda División ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Hiroshima_Prefecture", "text": "Hiroshima Prefecture ( 広島県 , Hiroshima-ken ) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūgoku region on Honshu island . The capital is the city of Hiroshima . It has a population of around 2.8 million ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Alberta_Highway_43", "text": "Alberta Provincial Highway No . 43 , commonly referred to as Highway 43 , is a major highway in northern and central Alberta , Canada that connects Edmonton to the British Columbia border via the Peace Country , forming the northernmost portion of the CANAMEX Corridor in Alberta . It stretches approximately 495 km ( 308 mi ) from Highway 16 ( Yellowhead Highway ) near Carvel west of Edmonton to the British Columbia border west of Demmitt . It is designated as a core route in Canada 's National Highway System , comprising a portion of a key international corridor that stretches from Alaska into Mexico . Highway 43 was originally numbered Highway 17 , a short gravel road that ran only from Highway 16 to Onoway . It was later extended to Whitecourt and renumbered as Highway 43 in the 1940s , and an extension to Valleyview had been completed by the mid-1950s . In 1991 the highway was extended to included a portion of the existing Highway 34 from Valleyview to Donnelly , but was revised in 1998 to turn west through Grande Prairie , forming a contiguous route from Carvel to the border . Due to increasing traffic levels and the province 's greater plan to upgrade their portion of the CANAMEX Corridor , work began in the 2000s to twin the entire length of the highway . The Edmonton-Grande Prairie section was completed in summer 2014 , and construction began in 2016 on an expressway bypass to the northwest of Grande Prairie . Planning is underway for the remaining section between the BC border and Beaverlodge ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Austria", "text": "Austria ( /ˈɒstriə/ ( listen ) , /ˈɔːs-/ ; German : Österreich [ ˈøːstɐʁaɪ̯ç ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Austria ( German : Republik Österreich , listen ( help·info ) ) , is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe . It is composed of nine federated states ( Bundesländer ) , one of which is Vienna , Austria 's capital and its largest city . It is bordered by Germany to the northwest , Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia to the northeast , Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 ( 32,386 sq mi ) and has a population of nearly 9 million people . While German is the country 's official language , many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects . Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy . In the 16th century , Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg - one of the most influential royal dynasties in history . As an archduchy , it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire . Early in the 19th century , Austria established its own empire , which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation but pursued its own course independently of the other German states . Following the Austro-Prussian War and the compromise with Hungary , the Dual Monarchy was established . Austria was involved in World War I under Emperor Franz Joseph following the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand , the presumptive successor to the Austro-Hungarian throne . After the defeat and the dissolution of the Monarchy , the Republic of German-Austria was proclaimed with the intent of the union with Germany , which eventually failed because of the Allied Powers and the state remained unrecognized ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Boyd_County,_Kentucky", "text": "Boyd County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 49,542 . The county seat is Catlettsburg , and its largest city is Ashland . The county was formed in 1860 . Its 160 square miles ( 410 km2 ) are found at the northeastern edge of the state near the Ohio River and Big Sandy River , nestled in the verdant rolling hills of Appalachia . Boyd County is part of the Huntington-Ashland , WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Portugal_national_beach_soccer_team", "text": "The Portugal national beach soccer team represents Portugal in international beach soccer competitions , and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation ( FPF ) , the governing body for Portuguese football . The team has participated in 17 of the 20 editions of the Beach Soccer World Cup ( organised by FIFA since 2005 ) , and its best results are three victories in 2001 ( Costa do Sauipe , Brazil ) , 2015 ( Espinho , Portugal ) , and 2019 ( Luque , Paraguay ) , being the current world champions . Alongside Brazil , Portugal is the only team to have won the world title before and after FIFA assumed the government of beach soccer worldwide . In European competitions , Portugal is record holder of titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Demographics_of_Mexico", "text": "With a population of about 126 million in 2019 , Mexico ranks as the 10th most populated country in the world . It is the most populous Spanish-speaking country and the third-most populous in the Americas after the United States and Brazil . Throughout most of the twentieth century Mexico 's population was characterized by rapid growth . Although this tendency has been reversed and average annual population growth over the last five years was less than 1% , the demographic transition is still in progress , and Mexico still has a large cohort of youths . The most populous city in the country is the capital , Mexico City , with a population of 8.9 million ( 2016 ) , and its metropolitan area is also the most populated with 20.1 million ( 2010 ) . Approximately 50% of the population lives in one of the 55 large metropolitan areas in the country . In total , about 78.84% of the population of the country lives in urban areas , meaning that only 21.16% live in rural areas . The Census Inegi in Mexico is the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía ( INEGI ) . The National Population Council ( CONAPO ) , is an institution under the Secretary of the Interior in charge of the analysis and research of population dynamics . The National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples ( CDI ) , also undertakes research and analysis of the sociodemographic and linguistic indicators of the indigenous peoples"}
{"title": "/wiki/Biathlon_at_the_2010_Winter_Olympics_–_Women's_relay", "text": "The Women 's 4 x 6 kilometre relay biathlon competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park in Whistler , British Columbia on 23 February 2010 . The race consisted of four laps of cross-country skiing , each lap a total of 6 km . Every 2 km there would be a shooting zone , the first one is prone and the second one is standing . Any misses in the shooting zones count as penalties which must be completed by going around a penalty loop right after the second shooting zone . There were four racers per team , each completing one lap . As all the teams started together , the team that crossed the finish line first would win ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1986", "text": "Miss World 1986 , the 36th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 13 November 1986 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , United Kingdom . The winner was Giselle Laronde ( Queen of Americas ) from Trinidad and Tobago . She was crowned by Miss World 1985 , Hólmfríður Karlsdóttir of Iceland . Runner-up was Pia Rosenberg Larsen ( Queen of Europe ) representing Denmark and third was Chantal Schreiber from Austria ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Juventus", "text": "The Clube Atlético Juventus ( Latin for Youth ) , usually known simply as Juventus , is a professional Brazilian football club based in Mooca , a São Paulo neighborhood . Although it was a Campeonato Brasileiro Série B ( Taça de Prata ) winner once , Juventus nowadays competes only in São Paulo tournaments , like Campeonato Paulista . The team typically plays in maroon shirts and white shorts , and is nicknamed Moleque Travesso ( the Prankster Boy ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Bolt", "text": "Robert Oxton Bolt , CBE ( 15 August 1924 - 21 February 1995 ) was an English playwright and a two-time Oscar-winning screenwriter , known for writing the screenplays for Lawrence of Arabia , Doctor Zhivago and A Man for All Seasons , the latter two of which won him the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/IATA_airport_code", "text": "An IATA airport code , also known as an IATA location identifier , IATA station code or simply a location identifier , is a three-letter geocode designating many airports and metropolitan areas around the world , defined by the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) . The characters prominently displayed on baggage tags attached at airport check-in desks are an example of a way these codes are used . The assignment of these codes is governed by IATA Resolution 763 , and it is administered by the IATA 's headquarters in Montreal . The codes are published semi-annually in the IATA Airline Coding Directory . IATA also provides codes for railway stations and for airport handling entities . A list of airports sorted by IATA code is available . A list of railway station codes , shared in agreements between airlines and rail lines such as Amtrak , SNCF French Railways , and Deutsche Bahn , is available . Many railway administrations have their own list of codes for their stations , such as the list of Amtrak station codes ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montreal", "text": "Montreal ( /ˌmʌntriˈɔːl/ ( listen ) MUN-tree-AWL ; officially Montréal , French : [ mɔ̃ʁeal ] ( listen ) ) is the most populous municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec and the second-most populous municipality in Canada . Originally founded in 1642 as Ville-Marie , or City of Mary , it is named after Mount Royal , the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city . The city is centred on the Island of Montreal , which got its name from the same origin as the city , and a few much smaller peripheral islands , the largest of which is Île Bizard . It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold , snowy winters . In 2016 , the city had a population of 1,704,694 , with a population of 1,942,247 in the urban agglomeration , including all of the other municipalities on the Island of Montreal . The broader metropolitan area had a population of 4,098,247 . French is the city 's official language and is the language spoken at home by 49.8% of the population of the city , followed by English at 22.8% and 18.3% other languages ( in the 2016 census , not including multi-language responses ) . In the larger Montreal Census Metropolitan Area , 65.8% of the population speaks French at home , compared to 15.3% who speak English . The agglomeration Montreal is one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada , with over 59% of the population able to speak both English and French . Montreal is the second largest primarily French-speaking city in the developed world , after Paris . It is situated 196 km ( 122 mi ) east of the national capital Ottawa , and 258 km ( 160 mi ) south-west of the provincial capital Quebec City . Historically the commercial capital of Canada , Montreal was surpassed in population and in economic strength by Toronto in the 1970s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Dream-Quest_of_Unknown_Kadath", "text": "The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath is a novella by American writer H. P. Lovecraft . Begun probably in the autumn of 1926 , the draft was completed on January 22 , 1927 and it remained unrevised and unpublished in his lifetime . It is both the longest of the stories that make up his Dream Cycle and the longest Lovecraft work to feature protagonist Randolph Carter . Along with his 1927 novel The Case of Charles Dexter Ward , it can be considered one of the significant achievements of that period of Lovecraft 's writing . The Dream-Quest combines elements of horror and fantasy into an epic tale that illustrates the scope and wonder of humankind 's ability to dream . The story was published posthumously by Arkham House in 1943 . Currently , it is published by Ballantine Books in an anthology that also includes The Silver Key and Through the Gates of the Silver Key . The definitive version , with corrected text by S. T. Joshi , is published by Arkham House in At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels and by Penguin Classics in The Dreams in the Witch-House and Other Weird Stories ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Guyhirn", "text": "Guyhirn is a village near the town of Wisbech in Cambridgeshire , England . It is on the northern bank of the River Nene , at the junction of the A141 with the A47 . The population is included in the civil parish of Wisbech St Mary ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Montego_Bay", "text": "Montego Bay is the capital of the parish of St. James in Jamaica . The city is the fourth-largest urban area in the country by population , after Kingston , Spanish Town , and Portmore , all of which form the Greater Kingston Metropolitan Area , home to over half a million people . As a result Montego Bay is the second-largest anglophone city in the Caribbean , after Kingston . Montego Bay is a popular tourist destination featuring duty-free shopping , a cruise line terminal and several beaches and resorts . The city is served by the Donald Sangster International Airport , the busiest airport in the Anglophone Caribbean , which is located within the official city limits . The city is enclosed in a watershed , drained by several rivers such as the Montego River . Montego Bay is referred to as The Second City , MoBay or Bay ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Busan_KT_Sonicboom", "text": "Busan kt Sonicboom is a professional basketball team based in Busan , South Korea . The team is a member of the Korean Basketball League . They play at the Sajik Arena . Their biggest rivals are the LG Sakers from neighbouring city of Changwon , and matches between these two are always fiercely fought affairs ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Sky_Betting_&_Gaming", "text": "Sky Betting & Gaming is a British-based Canadian gambling company , owned by The Stars Group , with headquarters in Leeds , West Yorkshire and offices in Sheffield , London , Guernsey , Rome and Germany . Sky Betting & Gaming consists of six core brands : Sky Bet , Sky Vegas , Sky Casino , Sky Poker , Sky Bingo and Sky Lotto . It also owns online betting odds comparison site Oddschecker . Sky Betting & Gaming also operates popular , free-to-enter football prediction game Soccer Saturday Super 6 . In 2015 , Sky plc sold an 80 percent stake in the company to CVC Capital Partners for £600 million , with Sky retaining a 20% stake in the company and agreeing to a long-term licence of the Sky brand . In 2018 , CVC and Sky agreed to sell Sky Betting & Gaming to The Stars Group for £3.4 billion ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Atacama_Region", "text": "The Atacama Region ( Spanish : Región de Atacama , pronounced [ ataˈkama ] ) is one of Chile 's 16 first order administrative divisions . It comprises three provinces : Chañaral , Copiapó and Huasco . It is bordered to the north by Antofagasta , to the south by Coquimbo , to east with Provinces of Catamarca , La Rioja and San Juan of Argentina , and to the west by the Pacific Ocean . The regional capital Copiapó is located at 806 km ( 501 mi ) north of the country 's capital of Santiago . The region occupies the southern portion of the Atacama Desert , the rest of the desert is mainly distributed among the other regions of Norte Grande ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ribeirão_Preto", "text": "Ribeirão Preto ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ʁibejˈɾɐ̃w ˈpɾetu ] ) is a municipality and a metropolitan area located in the northeastern region of São Paulo state , Brazil . Ribeirão Preto is the eighth largest municipality in the state at 650.9 km2 , with an estimated population of 674,534 in 2018 and a metropolitan area of 1,178,910 . It is situated 313 km ( 194 mi ) from the city of São Paulo and 706 km ( 439 mi ) from Brasília , the federal capital . Its mean altitude is 526.8 meters ( 1,728 feet ) high . The city 's average temperature throughout the year is 23 °C ( 73F ) and the predominant original vegetation is the Atlantic forest . The city was originated around 1856 as an agricultural region . Coffee was a primary source of income until 1929 , when it lost value compared with the industrial sector . In the second half of the 20th century , investment in areas such as health , biotechnology , bioenergy and information technology led to the city being declared a Technological Center in 2010 . These activities have caused the city to have the 30th biggest gross national ( GNP ) in Brazil . The city is also an important cultural center . The Prefeito Luiz Roberto Jábali Park , the Maurilio Biagi Park , Carlos Raya Park , Santa Tereza Reserve and the Zoo are important preservation areas . Pinguim Beer house , Dom Pedro Theatre and projects such as Ribeirão Preto 's Cinema Center are relevant sightseeing points , along with events such as the Agrishow Agricultural Fair , Tanabata Festival , Joao Rock Music Festival and the National Outdoor Book Fair ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Tiago_Iorc", "text": "Tiago Iorczeski ( born November 28 , 1985 ) is a Brazilian singer-songwriter and record producer . As a child he lived in England and in the United States , [ citation needed ] fact that later determined his choice of singing and writing in English . [ citation needed ] Despite having no musical background in his family , Tiago started playing the acoustic guitar at age 8 , . [ citation needed ] In 2007 his single Nothing but a Song gained popularity and led to the release of his debut album Let Yourself In , which gained notoriety after several of Tiago 's songs were featured on major Brazilian primetime soap operas , TV ads and films . [ citation needed ] Tiago soon started touring across the country and in 2009 was Jason Mraz 's Brazilian Tour opening act . Let Yourself In was also released in Japan , where Nothing But a Song peaked at number 11 on Billboard 's Japan HOT 100 Chart , and in South Korea , where the public granted Tiago a Best Foreign Artist Award for his performance at the 2010 Grand Mint Festival . [ citation needed ] On that same year , another single - Fine - featured on the popular South Korean TV series Personal Taste . His second studio album Umbilical had New York-based Andy Chase as producer and was simultaneously released in Brazil , South Korea and Portugal on October 2011 . Digital releases in the United States and Japan followed shortly after . The Umbilical Tour had its debut on March 14 at the 2012 South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin , Texas , and up until now has included performances in Portugal and over 20 sold out dates in Brazil ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Linebacker", "text": "A linebacker ( LB or backer ) is a playing position in gridiron football . Linebackers are members of the defensive team , and line up approximately three to five yards ( 4 m ) behind the line of scrimmage , behind the defensive linemen , and therefore back up the line . Linebackers generally align themselves before the ball is snapped by standing upright in a two-point stance ( as opposed to the defensive linemen , who put one or two hands on the ground for a three-point stance or four-point stance before the ball is snapped ) . The goal of the linebacker is to provide either extra run defense or extra pass defense based on the particular defensive play being executed . Another key play of the linebacker position is blitzing . A blitz occurs when a linebacker acts as an extra pass rusher running into any exposed gap . When a blitz is called by the defense , it is mainly to sack or hurry the opposing offense 's quarterback . Linebackers are often regarded as the most important position in defense , due to their versatility in providing hard hits on running plays or an additional layer of pass defense , when required . Similar to the free safety position , linebackers are required to use their judgment on every snap , to determine their role during that particular play ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Battle_of_Perryville", "text": "The Battle of Perryville ( also known as the Battle of Chaplin Hills ) was fought on October 8 , 1862 , in the Chaplin Hills west of Perryville , Kentucky , as the culmination of the Confederate Heartland Offensive ( Kentucky Campaign ) during the American Civil War . Confederate Gen. Braxton Bragg 's Army of Mississippi [ b ] initially won a tactical victory against primarily a single corps of Maj. Gen. Don Carlos Buell 's Union Army of the Ohio . The battle is considered a strategic Union victory , sometimes called the Battle for Kentucky , since Bragg withdrew to Tennessee soon thereafter . The Union retained control of the critical border state of Kentucky for the remainder of the war . On October 7 , Buell 's army , in pursuit of Bragg , converged on the small crossroads town of Perryville in three columns . Union forces first skirmished with Confederate cavalry on the Springfield Pike before the fighting became more general , on Peters Hill , when the Confederate infantry arrived . Both sides were desperate to get access to fresh water . The next day , at dawn , fighting began again around Peters Hill as a Union division advanced up the pike , halting just before the Confederate line . After noon , a Confederate division struck the Union left flank - the I Corps of Maj. Gen. Alexander M. McCook - and forced it to fall back . When more Confederate divisions joined the fray , the Union line made a stubborn stand , counterattacked , but finally fell back with some units routed . Buell , several miles behind the action , was unaware that a major battle was taking place and did not send any reserves to the front until late in the afternoon . The Union troops on the left flank , reinforced by two brigades , stabilized their line , and the Confederate attack sputtered to a halt ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Forrest_E._Peden", "text": "Forrest E. Peden ( October 3 , 1913 - February 3 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration - the Medal of Honor - for his actions in World War II ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pallacanestro_Olimpia_Milano", "text": "Pallacanestro Olimpia Milano , also known as AX Armani Exchange Olimpia Milan after its title sponsor , is an LBA Italian professional basketball team , based in Milan , Italy . Its colors are red and white , and the team is sometimes referred as Scarpette Rosse ( Little Red Shoes ) because team officials imported red Converse All-Star shoes for players from the United States . The tag line stuck , and the nickname is still used by many fans today . As per custom in the Italian league , sponsorship has kept the team name changing frequently . From 1930 until 1955 , it was called Borletti Milano . From 1956 to 1973 , it was renamed Simmenthal . Other famous sponsorship names were Billy , Simac , Tracer , and Philips , in the 1980s . For past club sponsorship names , see the list below . Olimpia is the most titled basketball club in Italy , having won 28 Italian League championships , 6 Italian National Cups , 3 Italian Super Cups , 3 EuroLeague , 1 FIBA Intercontinental Cup , 3 FIBA Saporta Cups , 2 FIBA Korać Cups and many junior titles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Som_tam", "text": "Green papaya salad is a spicy salad made from shredded unripe papaya . Originating from ethnic Lao people , it is also eaten throughout Southeast Asia . Locally known in Cambodia as bok l'hong ( Khmer : បុកល្ហុង , pronounced [ ɓok lhoŋ ] ) , in Laos as tam som ( Lao : ຕໍາສົ້ມ ) , or the more specific name tam maak hoong ( Lao : ຕໍາໝາກຫຸ່ງ , pronounced [ tàm.ma᷆ːk.hūŋ ] ) , in Thailand as som tam ( Thai : ส้มตำ , pronounced [ sôm tām ] ) , and in Vietnam as gỏi đu đủ . Som tam , the Thai variation , was listed at number 46 on World 's 50 most delicious foods compiled by CNN Go in 2011 and 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2013_Teen_Choice_Awards", "text": "The 2013 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 11 , 2013 and broadcast on Fox . The awards celebrate the year 's achievements in music , film , television , sports , fashion , comedy , and the Internet , and are voted on by viewers living in the USA , aged 13 and over through various social media sites . This was the last Teen Choice Award ceremony to take place at the Gibson Amphitheatre due to the venue closing down in September 2013 , to make room for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter . The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 won eight of its nine nominations , Pretty Little Liars won all of its seven nominations , pushing the series ' total to eighteen Teen Choice Awards , Pitch Perfect won four of its eleven , Glee won four and Bruno Mars won two of their eight , respectively , Taylor Swift won two of her seven , and Demi Lovato won four of her six , One Direction won all six of their nominations ( including the awards received by Harry Styles ) , remaining undefeated at the Teen Choice Awards , Selena Gomez won three of her six nominations and Miley Cyrus won three of her six nominations . Miley Cyrus took home the Candie 's Fashion Trendsetter award ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Eddie_Van_Halen", "text": "Edward Lodewijk Van Halen ( [ ˈɛdʋɑrt ˈloːdəʋɛjk vɑnˈhaːlə ( n ) ] , born January 26 , 1955 ) is a Dutch-American musician , songwriter , producer , and inventor . He is the main songwriter and founder - with brother and drummer Alex Van Halen , bassist Michael Anthony , and singer David Lee Roth - of the American hard rock band Van Halen . In 2012 , he was voted number one in a Guitar World magazine reader 's poll for The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pueblo,_Colorado", "text": "Pueblo /ˈpwɛbloʊ/ is a home rule municipality that is the county seat and the most populous city of Pueblo County , Colorado , United States . The population was 106,595 in 2010 census , making it the 267th most populous city in the United States and the 9th largest in Colorado . Pueblo is the heart of the Pueblo Metropolitan Statistical Area , totaling over 160,000 people and an important part of the Front Range Urban Corridor . As of 2014 , Pueblo is the primary city of the Pueblo-Cañon City combined statistical area ( CSA ) totaling approximately 208,000 people , making it the 134th largest in the nation . Pueblo is situated at the confluence of the Arkansas River and Fountain Creek , 112 miles ( 180 km ) south of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver . The area is considered semi-arid desert land , with approximately 12 inches ( 304.80 mm ) of precipitation annually . With its location in the Banana Belt , Pueblo tends to get less snow than the other major cities in Colorado . Pueblo is one of the largest steel-producing cities in the United States , for which reason Pueblo is referred to as the Steel City . The Historic Arkansas River Project ( HARP ) is a riverwalk in the Union Avenue Historic Commercial District , and shows the history of the devastating Pueblo Flood of 1921 . Pueblo has the least expensive residential real estate of all major cities in Colorado . The median home price for homes on the market in Pueblo is $ 192,500 as of April 2018 It is the sixth most affordable place to live in America as measured by the 2014 Cost of Living Index . Costs of housing , goods and services , utilities , transportation , groceries and health care are lower than the national average ."}
{"title": "/wiki/CBS", "text": "CBS ( an initialism of the network 's former name , the Columbia Broadcasting System ) is an American English-language commercial broadcast television and radio network that is the flagship property of the CBS Entertainment Group division of ViacomCBS . The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City ( at the CBS Broadcast Center ) and Los Angeles ( at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center ) . CBS is sometimes referred to as the Eye Network , in reference to the company 's trademark symbol , in use since 1951 . It has also been called the Tiffany Network , alluding to the perceived high quality of CBS programming during the tenure of William S. Paley . It can also refer to some of CBS 's first demonstrations of color television , which were held in a former Tiffany & Co. building in New York City in 1950 . The network has its origins in United Independent Broadcasters Inc. , a collection of 16 radio stations purchased by Paley in 1928 and renamed the Columbia Broadcasting System . Under Paley 's guidance , CBS would first become one of the largest radio networks in the United States , and eventually one of the Big Three American broadcast television networks . In 1974 CBS dropped its former full name and became known simply as CBS , Inc . The Westinghouse Electric Corporation acquired the network in 1995 , renamed its corporate entity to the current CBS Broadcasting , Inc. in 1997 , and eventually adopted the name of the company it had acquired to become CBS Corporation . In 2000 CBS came under the control of the first Viacom , which was formed as a spin-off of CBS in 1971 . In late 2005 , Viacom split itself into two separate companies and re-established CBS Corporation through the spin-off of its broadcast television , radio , and select cable television and non-broadcasting assets , with the CBS television network at its core . CBS Corporation was controlled by Sumner Redstone through National Amusements , which also controlled the second Viacom until December 4 , 2019 , when the two separated companies agreed to re-merge to become the new single entity known as ViacomCBS ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Singleton_railway_station_(West_Sussex)", "text": "Singleton railway station served the village of Singleton in the county of West Sussex in England . The station was on the former line between Chichester and Midhurst . It was opened on 11 July 1881 . The station , designed by T. H. Myres , was built in a grand way by its owners the London Brighton and South Coast Railway , which included four platforms , with a subway linking them and the 'Country House ' style station building , buffets , long sidings for awaiting trains , a large goods shed for dealing with freight , and two signal boxes to control the station . The main reason for this large building was to deal with visitors to the Goodwood Racecourse , but passengers preferred to use Chichester Station mostly due to the walk uphill to the course from Singleton . It was one of the most visited stations by the LBSCR Royal train as the Prince of Wales ( later Edward VII ) used to 'weekend ' with the James family at West Dean House . Little other traffic was ever found , and despite all of the grand hopes , passenger services were withdrawn on 6 July 1935 . Freight services remained until these were withdrawn on 28 August 1953 by British Railways . The station was later in use by a vineyard owner , but is now a private residence . In March 2019 , the former station was listed Grade II by Historic England ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Virginia-class_submarine", "text": "The Virginia class , also known as the SSN-774 class , is a class of nuclear-powered cruise missile fast-attack submarines , currently in the military service in the United States Navy . Designed by the General Dynamics 's Electric Boat ( EB ) and the Huntington Ingalls Industries , the Virginia-class submarines are the American Navy 's latest undersea warfare platform which incorporates the latest in stealth , intelligence gathering and weapons systems technology . Virginia-class submarines are designed for a broad spectrum of open-ocean and littoral missions , including anti-submarine warfare and intelligence gathering operations . They are scheduled to replace older Los Angeles-class submarines , many of which have already been decommissioned . Virginia-class submarines will be acquired through 2043 , and are expected to remain in service until at least 2060 , with later submarines expected to remain into the 2070s ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Chinese_Jia-A_League_2001", "text": "The 2001 Chinese Jia-A League season is the eighth season of professional association football and the 40th top-tier overall league season in China . The league started on March 11 and ended on December 16 , 2001 with Dalian Shide retaining the championship ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Philadelphia_Toboggan_Company", "text": "Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters , commonly referred to as PTC , is one of the oldest existing roller coaster manufacturing companies in the world . Based in Hatfield , Pennsylvania , it was established in 1904 by Henry Auchey and Chester Albright under the name Philadelphia Toboggan Company . The company manufactured carousels , wooden roller coasters , toboggans ( roller coaster cars ) and later , roller coaster trains ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Calendar_date", "text": "A calendar date is a reference to a particular day represented within a calendar system . The calendar date allows the specific day to be identified . The number of days between two dates may be calculated . For example , 24 February 2020 is ten days after 14 February 2020 in the Gregorian calendar . The date of a particular event depends on the observed time zone . For example , the air attack on Pearl Harbor that began at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian time on 7 December 1941 took place at 3:18 a.m. Japan Standard Time , 8 December in Japan . A particular day may be represented by a different date in another calendar as in the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar , which have been used simultaneously in different places . In most calendar systems , the date consists of three parts : the day of the month , the month , and the year . There may also be additional parts , such as the day of the week . Years are usually counted from a particular starting point , usually called the epoch , with era referring to the particular period of time ( note the different use of the terms in geology ) . The most widely used epoch is a conventional birthdate of Jesus ( which was established by Dionysius Exiguus in the sixth century ) . A date without the year may also be referred to as a date or calendar date ( such as 20 February rather than 20 February 2020 ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/9_Story_Media_Group", "text": "9 Story Media Group Inc. is a Canadian production company and international distributor headquartered in Toronto , Ontario ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Foreign_Minister_of_Nigeria", "text": "The Nigerian foreign ministry is a statutory body created to re-inforce foreign decision making and implementation processes in Nigeria and handle the external promotion of Nigeria 's domestic vision and ideals ; it is headed by a federal executive cabinet minister . As of late its mission has geared towards increasing awareness about Nigeria 's economic potential . It is part of the government 's executive branch . From 1961 to 1965 , Jaja Wachuku was the First substantive Nigerian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Commonwealth Relations . Before Wachuku 's tenure , Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa , the then Prime Minister , doubled as Foreign Affairs advocate of Nigeria from 1960 to 1961 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jackson,_Georgia", "text": "Jackson is a city in Butts County , Georgia , United States . The city is the county seat of Butts County . The population was 5,045 in 2010 , up from 3,934 at the 2000 census . The community was named after governor James Jackson ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cinnamomum_japonicum", "text": "Cinnamomum pedunculatum , commonly known as Japanese cinnamon , is an evergreen tree in the genus Cinnamomum . It is a small- or medium-sized tree up to 15 m ( 49 ft ) tall that occurs in Japan , Korea , Taiwan , and eastern China ( Anhui , Fujian , Sichuan , Jiangsu , Jiangxi , and Zhejiang provinces ) . In China it is under second-class national protection ."}
{"title": "/wiki/The_Flash_(2014_TV_series)", "text": "The Flash is an American superhero television series developed by Greg Berlanti , Andrew Kreisberg , and Geoff Johns , airing on The CW . It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash , a costumed superhero crime-fighter with the power to move at superhuman speeds . It is a spin-off from Arrow , existing in the same fictional universe . The series follows Barry Allen , portrayed by Grant Gustin , a crime scene investigator who gains super-human speed , which he uses to fight criminals , including others who have also gained superhuman abilities . Initially envisioned as a backdoor pilot , the positive reception Gustin received during two appearances as Barry on Arrow led to executives choosing to develop a full pilot to make use of a larger budget and help flesh out Barry 's world in more detail . The series is primarily filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . The Flash premiered in North America on October 7 , 2014 , where the pilot became the second-most watched premiere in the history of The CW , after The Vampire Diaries in 2009 . It has been well received by critics and audiences , and won the People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama in 2014 . The series , together with Arrow , has spun characters out to their own show , Legends of Tomorrow , which premiered on January 21 , 2016 . On January 31 , 2019 , The CW renewed the series for a sixth season , which premiered on October 8 , 2019 . In January 2020 , The CW renewed the series for a seventh season ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kanzaki,_Saga", "text": "Kanzaki ( 神埼市 , Kanzaki-shi ) is a city located in Saga Prefecture , Japan ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Woodward_Avenue", "text": "M-1 , commonly known as Woodward Avenue , is a north-south state trunkline highway in the Metro Detroit area of the US state of Michigan . The highway , called Detroit 's Main Street , runs from Detroit north-northwesterly to Pontiac . It is one of the five principal avenues of Detroit , along with Michigan , Grand River , Gratiot , and Jefferson avenues . These streets were platted in 1805 by Judge Augustus B. Woodward , namesake to Woodward Avenue . The Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) has listed the highway as the Automotive Heritage Trail , an All-American Road in the National Scenic Byways Program . It has also been designated a Pure Michigan Byway by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) , and was also included in the MotorCities National Heritage Area designated by the US Congress in 1998 . The trunkline is the dividing line between Detroit 's East and West sides , and connects to some of the city 's major freeways like Interstate 94 ( I-94 , Edsel Ford Freeway ) and M-8 ( Davison Freeway ) . Woodward Avenue exits Detroit at M-102 ( 8 Mile Road ) and runs through the city 's northern suburbs in Oakland County on its way to Pontiac . In between , Woodward Avenue passes through several historic districts in Detroit and provides access to many businesses in the area . The name Woodward Avenue has become synonymous with Detroit , cruising culture and the automotive industry . Woodward Avenue was created after the Detroit Fire of 1805 . The thoroughfare followed the route of the Saginaw Trail , an Indian trail that linked Detroit with Pontiac , Flint , and Saginaw ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_World_Championship", "text": "The Magic : The Gathering World Championships ( Worlds ) have been held annually since 1994 . It is the most important tournament in the game of Magic : The Gathering , offering cash prizes of up to $ 100,000 to the winners . With the exception of the first edition , Worlds is an invitation-only event , and from 1996 to 2011 World was the last event of each Pro Tour season . The invitees were mostly top finishers from the National championships , the top-ranked players of the DCI and high-level pro players . Since 2012 the World Championships are held after the season and the most successful 16 or 24 players have been invited to the tournament . After the first five World Championships were all held in the United States , Worlds have since been held in Japan , Australia and various countries in Europe . Besides the main event Worlds were always a huge gathering of Magic players , who came to watch the pros and compete in side events . After the 2011 season , the World Championship was briefly replaced by the Magic Players Championship . The top 16 pro players selected due to various criteria were invited to the Players Championship . In 2013 the tournament was renamed to 'World Championship ' once again . From 2014 to 2018 the tournament was expanded to 24 competitors , but is going back to 16 players for the 2019 Worlds . The large World Championships , held until 2011 , also included a national team portion where the top players from each National Championship engaged in a separate competition ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Interwar", "text": "In the context of the history of the 20th century , the interwar period was the period between the end of the First World War in November 1918 and the beginning of the Second World War in September 1939 . This period is also colloquially referred to as Between the Wars . Despite the relatively short period of time , this period represented an era of significant changes worldwide . Petroleum-based energy production and associated mechanisation expanded dramatically leading to the Roaring Twenties , a period of economic prosperity and growth for the middle class in North America , Europe and many other parts of the world . Automobiles , electric lighting , radio broadcasts and more became commonplace among populations in the developed world . The indulgences of this era subsequently were followed by the Great Depression , an unprecedented worldwide economic downturn which severely damaged many of the world 's largest economies . Politically , this era coincided with the rise of communism , starting in Russia with the October Revolution and Russian Civil War , at the end of World War I , and ended with the rise of fascism , particularly in Germany and in Italy . China was in the midst of a half-century of instability and civil war between the Kuomintang and the Communist Party of China . The empires of Britain , France and others faced challenges as imperialism was increasingly viewed negatively in Europe , and independence movements emerged in many colonies ; the southern part of Ireland became independent after much fighting . The Ottoman , Austro-Hungarian and German empires were dismantled , while the Ottoman and German colonies were redistributed among the Allies , chiefly Britain and France . The western parts of the Russian Empire , Estonia , Finland , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland became independent nations in their own right , while Bessarabia ( modern-day Moldova ) chose to reunify with Romania . The Russian communists managed to regain control of the other East Slavic states , Central Asia , and the Caucasus , forming the Soviet Union ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Azerbaijan", "text": "Azerbaijan ( UK : /ˌæzərbaɪˈdʒɑːn , -ˈʒɑːn/ ( listen ) , US : /ˌɑːzərbaɪˈdʒɑːn , ˌæz-/ ; Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan [ ɑːzæɾbɑjˈd͡ʒɑn ] ) , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Respublikası [ ɑːzæɾbɑjˈd͡ʒɑn ɾespublikɑˈsɯ ] ) , is a landlocked country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Central Asia . It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and has an 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) long border with Turkey in the northwest . The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic proclaimed its independence in 1918 and became the first secular democratic Muslim-majority state . In 1920 the country was incorporated into the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic . The modern Republic of Azerbaijan proclaimed its independence on 30 August 1991 , shortly before the dissolution of the USSR in the same year . In September 1991 , the Armenian majority of the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region seceded to form the Republic of Artsakh . The region and seven adjacent districts outside it became de facto independent with the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994 . These regions are internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan pending a solution to the status of the Nagorno-Karabakh through negotiations facilitated by the OSCE . Azerbaijan is a unitary semi-presidential republic . It is one of six independent Turkic states and an active member of the Turkic Council and the TÜRKSOY community . Azerbaijan has diplomatic relations with 158 countries and holds membership in 38 international organizations , including the United Nations ( since 1992 ) , the Council of Europe , the Non-Aligned Movement , the OSCE , and the NATO Partnership for Peace ( PfP ) program ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Television_(2012_film)", "text": "Television ( Bengali : টেলিভিশন ) is a 2013 Bangladeshi drama film based on changing social values and adoption of technology directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and starring Kazi Shahir Huda Rumi , Chanchal Chowdhury , Mosharraf Karim , and Tisha . The film was selected as the Bangladeshi entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Michael_Oliver_(referee)", "text": "Michael Oliver ( born 20 February 1985 ) is an English professional football referee from Ashington , Northumberland . His county FA is the Northumberland Football Association . He belongs to the Select Group of Referees in England and officiates primarily in the Premier League . He received his FIFA badge in 2012 , allowing him to officiate in major international matches . Oliver was appointed to take charge of the final of the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup . Oliver was promoted to the UEFA Elite Group of Referees in 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Robert_Doornbos", "text": "Robert Michael Doornbos ( Dutch pronunciation : [ ˈroːbərt ˈmɑikəl ˈdoːrnbɔs ] ( listen ) ; born 23 September 1981 ) is a Dutch racing driver who also competed with a Monégasque licence . He has been test and third driver for the Jordan and Red Bull Racing Formula One teams , as well as driving for Minardi and Red Bull Racing in 2005 and 2006 . Doornbos then drove for Minardi Team USA in the 2007 and final season of the Champ Car World Series . He competed in the Superleague Formula racing series in 2008 , and drove for the Netherlands team in A1 Grand Prix 's 2008-2009 season . In 2009 , Doornbos competed in the IndyCar Series . He began the season with Newman/Haas/Lanigan Racing , but switched to HVM Racing after the race in Kentucky Speedway ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Miss_World_1975", "text": "Miss World 1975 , the 25th edition of the Miss World pageant , was held on 20 November 1975 at the Royal Albert Hall in London , United Kingdom . 67 contestants took part in the pageant won by Wilnelia Merced of Puerto Rico . She was crowned by Anneline Kriel of South Africa . Runner-up was Germany , Marina Langer , third place was Vicki Harris representing the United Kingdom , fourth place was Maricela Maxie Clark of Cuba , and Yugoslavia 's Ladija Verkovska , Haiti 's Joelle Apollon , Venezuela 's María Conchita Alonso , completed the top 7 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Jeff_Beck's_Guitar_Shop", "text": "Jeff Beck 's Guitar Shop is the fifth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck , released in October 1989 through Epic Records . The album reached No . 49 on the U.S . Billboard 200 and won the award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1990 Grammys ; this being Beck 's second album to win that award , after Flash ( 1985 ) . Stand on It was released as a single and reached No . 35 on Billboard 's Mainstream Rock chart ; Sling Shot was featured in the 1990 horror comedy film Gremlins 2 : The New Batch ; several other tracks were used as part of the soundtrack for the 1990 South Atlantic Raiders episodes of the British comedy series The Comic Strip Presents . In a further move from his previous jazz fusion stylings , Beck adopts a more straightforward instrumental rock approach on Guitar Shop , save for two tracks ( Guitar Shop and Day in the House ) on which drummer Terry Bozzio provides quirky spoken vocals ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Prototype", "text": "A prototype is an early sample , model , or release of a product built to test a concept or process . It is a term used in a variety of contexts , including semantics , design , electronics , and software programming . A prototype is generally used to evaluate a new design to enhance precision by system analysts and users . Prototyping serves to provide specifications for a real , working system rather than a theoretical one . In some design workflow models , creating a prototype ( a process sometimes called materialization ) is the step between the formalization and the evaluation of an idea . A prototype can also mean a typical example of something such as in the use of the derivation 'prototypical ' . This is a useful term in identifying objects , behaviours and concepts which are considered the accepted norm and is analogous with terms such as stereotypes and archetypes . The word prototype derives from the Greek πρωτότυπον prototypon , primitive form , neutral of πρωτότυπος prototypos , original , primitive , from πρῶτος protos , first and τύπος typos , impression ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Codex_Urbinas", "text": "A Treatise on Painting ( Trattato della pittura ) is a collection of Leonardo da Vinci 's writings entered in his notebooks under the general heading On Painting . The manuscripts were begun in Milan while Leonardo was under the service of Ludovico Sforza and gathered together by his heir Francesco Melzi . The treatise was first published in France in 1632 ; after Melzi 's version was rediscovered in the Vatican Library , the treatise was published in its modern form in 1817 . The main aim of the treatise was to argue that painting was a science . Leonardo 's keen observation of expression and character is evidenced in his comparison of laughing and weeping , about which he notes that the only difference between the two emotions in terms of the motion of the [ facial ] features is the ruffling of the brows , which is added in weeping , but more elevated and extended in laughing . In 1937 , Max Ernst wrote in Cahiers d'Art that Leonardo 's advice on the studying of stains on walls caused him an unbearable visual obsession . All editions of the treatise are kept at the Elmer Belt Library of Vinciana at UCLA ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gianmaria_Bruni", "text": "Gianmaria Gimmi Bruni ( born 30 May 1981 ) is an Italian Porsche factory auto racing driver who drove in the 2004 Formula One World Championship for Minardi . He is a GP2 Series race winner and is now racing in the FIA World Endurance Championship , in which he gained the 2013 and 2014 GT Drivers ' Titles whilst driving as a factory Ferrari driver . He won the 2008 FIA GT Championship , 2011 Le Mans Series and 2012 International GT Open and took three class victories at the 24 Hours of Le Mans , in 2008 , 2012 and 2014 . He also was successful at the 2009 and 2015 24 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps , 2010 12 Hours of Sebring and 2011 Petit Le Mans ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Supporters'_Shield", "text": "The Supporters ' Shield is an annual award given to the Major League Soccer team with the best regular season record , as determined by the MLS points system . The Supporters ' Shield has been annually awarded at the MLS Supporters ' Summit since 1999 , and has been recognized as a major trophy by the league . It echoes the practice of the top European leagues in which the team with the best record is the champion . Since 2006 , the Supporters ' Shield winner has earned a berth in the CONCACAF Champions League . D.C. United and LA Galaxy , with four Supporters ' Shields each , have won the most shields of any MLS team . Los Angeles FC are the 2019 holders of the Supporters ' Shield , winning it for the first time ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Egypt", "text": "Egypt ( /ˈiːdʒɪpt/ ( listen ) EE-jipt ; Arabic : مِصر Miṣr , Egyptian Arabic : مَصر Maṣr , Coptic : Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Khēmi ) , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia by a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula . Egypt is a Mediterranean country bordered by the Gaza Strip ( Palestine ) and Israel to the northeast , the Gulf of Aqaba and the Red Sea to the east , Sudan to the south , and Libya to the west . Across the Gulf of Aqaba lies Jordan , across the Red Sea lies Saudi Arabia , and across the Mediterranean lie Greece , Turkey and Cyprus , although none share a land border with Egypt . Egypt has one of the longest histories of any country , tracing its heritage back to the 6th-4th millennia BCE . Considered a cradle of civilisation , Ancient Egypt saw some of the earliest developments of writing , agriculture , urbanisation , organised religion and central government . Iconic monuments such as the Giza Necropolis and its Great Sphinx , as well the ruins of Memphis , Thebes , Karnak , and the Valley of the Kings , reflect this legacy and remain a significant focus of scientific and popular interest . Egypt 's long and rich cultural heritage is an integral part of its national identity , which has endured , and often assimilated , various foreign influences , including Greek , Persian , Roman , Arab , Ottoman Turkish , and Nubian . Egypt was an early and important centre of Christianity , but was largely Islamised in the seventh century and remains a predominantly Muslim country , albeit with a significant Christian minority . From the 16th to the beginning of the 20th century , Egypt was ruled by foreign imperial powers : The Ottoman Empire and the British Empire . Modern Egypt dates back to 1922 , when it gained nominal independence from the British Empire as a monarchy . However , British military occupation of Egypt continued , and many Egyptians believed that the monarchy was an instrument of British colonialism . Following the 1952 revolution , Egypt expelled British soldiers and bureaucrats and ended British occupation , nationalized the British-held Suez Canal , exiled King Farouk and his family , and declared itself a republic ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Mark_Lester", "text": "Mark Lester ( born Mark A. Letzer ; 11 July 1958 ) is an English former child actor who starred in a number of British and European films in the 1960s and 1970s . In 1968 he played the title role in the film Oliver ! , a musical version of the Charles Dickens ' novel Oliver Twist . Lester also made several appearances in a number of British television series . In 1977 , after appearing in the all-star international action adventure film The Prince and the Pauper , he retired from acting . In the 1980s , he trained as an osteopath specialising in sport injuries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Puebla", "text": "Puebla ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ˈpweβla ] ( listen ) ) , officially Estado Libre y Soberano de Puebla ( English : Free and Sovereign State of Puebla ) , is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico . It is divided into 217 municipalities and its capital is the city of Puebla . It is located in East-Central Mexico . It is bordered by the states of Veracruz to the north and east , Hidalgo , México , Tlaxcala and Morelos to the west , and Guerrero and Oaxaca to the south . The origins of the state lie in the city of Puebla , which was founded by the Spanish in this valley in 1531 to secure the trade route between Mexico City and the port of Veracruz . By the end of the 18th century , the area had become a colonial province with its own governor , which would become the State of Puebla , after the Mexican War of Independence in the early 19th century . Since that time the area , especially around the capital city , has continued to grow economically , mostly through industry , despite being the scene of a number of battles , the most notable of which being the Battle of Puebla . Today , the state is one of the most industrialized in the country , but since most of its development is concentrated in Puebla and other cities , many of its rural areas are very poor , forcing many to migrate away to places such as Mexico City and the United States . Culturally , the state is home to the china poblana , mole poblano , active literary and arts scenes , and festivals such as Cinco de Mayo , Ritual of Quetzalcoatl , Day of the Dead celebrations ( especially in Huaquechula ) and Carnival ( especially in Huejotzingo ) . It is home to five major indigenous groups : Nahuas , the Totonacs , the Mixtecs , the Popolocas and the Otomi , which can mostly be found in the far north and the far south of the state ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Diameter", "text": "In geometry , a diameter of a circle is any straight line segment that passes through the center of the circle and whose endpoints lie on the circle . It can also be defined as the longest chord of the circle . Both definitions are also valid for the diameter of a sphere . In more modern usage , the length of a diameter is also called the diameter . In this sense one speaks of the diameter rather than a diameter ( which refers to the line segment itself ) , because all diameters of a circle or sphere have the same length , this being twice the radius r ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Qyzylorda", "text": "Kyzylorda ( Kazakh : Қызылорда , romanized : Qyzylorda , قىزىلوردا ) , formerly known as Kzyl-Orda ( Russian : Кзыл-Орда ) , Ak-Mechet ( Ак-Мечеть ) , Perovsk ( Перовск ) , and Fort-Perovsky ( Форт-Перовский ) , is a city in south-central Kazakhstan , capital of Kyzylorda Region and former capital of the Kazak ASSR from 1925 to 1929 . The city has a population of 157,400 ( 1999 Census ) . It historically developed around the Syr Darya River and the site of a Kokand fortress . Population : 188,682 ( 2009 Census results ) ; 157,364 ( 1999 Census results ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ed_McKean", "text": "Edwin John McKean ( June 6 , 1864 - August 16 , 1919 ) was an American professional baseball shortstop . He played 13 seasons in Major League Baseball , primarily for the National League 's Cleveland Spiders . Born in Grafton , Ohio , McKean began his career in 1884 with the Youngstown , Ohio club in the minor league Iron & Oil Association . After two more seasons in the minors , he was signed by the Cleveland Blues of the American Association , and became the club 's starting shortstop in their first year as a major league team . He remained in that position for the franchise ( which was renamed the Spiders in 1889 ) for nearly its entire existence . Prior to the 1899 season , the Spiders transferred most of their best players to the St. Louis Perfectos , including McKean . This was legal at the time , as both teams were owned by the same ownership group led by the Robison brothers . However , he did not perform up to expectations and was let go in July . The following season , the Spiders folded , and such shenanigans were outlawed . After not playing professionally for two years , McKean returned to play in the minor leagues in 1902 as player-manager of the Rochester Bronchos . After several more years in the minors , he retired following the 1908 season . All told , McKean racked up a grand total of 2,084 hits and 1,124 RBI during his major league career ."}
{"title": "/wiki/3Ball_MTY", "text": "3BallMTY ( pronounced Tribal Monterrey ) is a Mexican pop DJ group from the city of Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico . The DJ Collective ( the name its members have formally given themselves ) was formed in 2009 by two teenage DJs - Sergio Zavala ( DJ Sheeqo Beat ) , and Alberto Presenda ( DJ Otto ) . The name 3Ball comes from the Spanish word tribal , which refers to the culture of Guaracha tribal music popular in many Spanish-speaking countries around the world ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Thomas_Gradin", "text": "Thomas Kjell Gradin ( born February 18 , 1956 ) is a Swedish associate head scout for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and a former professional ice hockey centre who played in the NHL and the Swedish Elite League ( SEL ) from 1975 to 1990 . Following his rookie season in the SEL , Gradin was selected by the Chicago Black Hawks 45th overall in the 1976 NHL Amateur Draft . After being traded to the Vancouver Canucks in 1978 , he moved to North America to begin his NHL career . Over eight seasons in Vancouver , Gradin established himself as the team 's all-time leading scorer and competed in the 1982 Stanley Cup Finals , as well as the 1985 NHL All-Star Game . After a one-year stint with the Boston Bruins , Gradin returned to Sweden , where he finished off his playing career with his former SEL team , AIK . In 1994 , Gradin returned to the Canucks organization as a scout . His efforts in that capacity has helped the team draft such Swedish players as Daniel Sedin , Henrik Sedin , Mattias Öhlund , and Alexander Edler . Gradin 's career with the organization over the years was distinguished by the team with his induction into their Ring of Honour in 2011 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Gymnastics_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics", "text": "At the 1908 Summer Olympics , two gymnastics events were contested . No nation was successful in winning more than one medal ."}
{"title": "/wiki/France_men's_national_inline_hockey_team", "text": "France men 's national inline hockey team is the national team for France . The team finished champion at the 2017 FIRS World Inline Hockey Championships - Senior Men 's tournament ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Conilon_Futebol_Clube_de_Jaguaré", "text": "Conilon Futebol Clube de Jaguaré , commonly known as Conilon , is a Brazilian football club based in Jaguaré , Espírito Santo state . The club was formerly known as Botafogo Futebol Clube de Jaguaré ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Andalusia", "text": "Andalusia region ( UK : /ˌændəˈluːsiə , -ziə/ , US : /-ʒ ( i ) ə , -ʃ ( i ) ə/ ; Spanish : Andalucía [ andaluˈθi.a ] ) is the southern autonomous community in Peninsular Spain . It is the most populous , and the second largest autonomous community in the country . The Andalusian autonomous community is officially recognised as a historical nationality . The territory is divided into eight provinces : Almería , Cádiz , Córdoba , Granada , Huelva , Jaén , Málaga and Seville . Its capital is the city of Seville . Andalusia is located in the south of the Iberian peninsula , in southwestern Europe , immediately south of the autonomous communities of Extremadura and Castilla-La Mancha ; west of the autonomous community of Murcia and the Mediterranean Sea ; east of Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean ; and north of the Mediterranean Sea and the Strait of Gibraltar . Andalusia is the only European region with both Mediterranean and Atlantic coastlines . The small British overseas territory of Gibraltar shares a three-quarter-mile land border with the Andalusian province of Cádiz at the eastern end of the Strait of Gibraltar . The main mountain ranges of Andalusia are the Sierra Morena and the Baetic System , consisting of the Subbaetic and Penibaetic Mountains , separated by the Intrabaetic Basin . In the north , the Sierra Morena separates Andalusia from the plains of Extremadura and Castile-La Mancha on Spain 's Meseta Central . To the south the geographic subregion of Upper Andalusia lies mostly within the Baetic System , while Lower Andalusia is in the Baetic Depression of the valley of the Guadalquivir . The name Andalusia is derived from the Arabic word Al-Andalus ( الأندلس ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Geodesic", "text": "In differential geometry , a geodesic ( /ˌdʒiːəˈdɛsɪk , ˌdʒiːoʊ- , -ˈdiː- , -zɪk/ ) is a curve representing in some sense the shortest path between two points in a surface , or more generally in a Riemannian manifold . It is a generalization of the notion of a straight line to a more general setting . The term geodesic comes from geodesy , the science of measuring the size and shape of Earth . In the original sense , a geodesic was the shortest route between two points on the Earth 's surface . For a spherical Earth , it is a segment of a great circle . The term has been generalized to include measurements in much more general mathematical spaces ; for example , in graph theory , one might consider a geodesic between two vertices/nodes of a graph . In a Riemannian manifold or submanifold geodesics are characterised by the property of having vanishing geodesic curvature . More generally , in the presence of an affine connection , a geodesic is defined to be a curve whose tangent vectors remain parallel if they are transported along it . Applying this to the Levi-Civita connection of a Riemannian metric recovers the previous notion . Geodesics are of particular importance in general relativity . Timelike geodesics in general relativity describe the motion of free falling test particles ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Cignal", "text": "Cignal ( pronounced as signal ) is a Philippine satellite television and IPTV provider , owned by Cignal TV Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of the MediaQuest Holdings Inc. under the PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund . Cignal 's prepaid electronic loading system is powered by Smart Communications , Inc. Cignal uses VideoGuard encryption system to protect its content from signal piracy . It uses the SES-7 satellite to provide optimal coverage directly to the target markets ."}
{"title": "/wiki/D.D_Dumbo", "text": "D.D Dumbo is the solo project of Castlemaine-based musician , Oliver Hugh Perry , who began the project in 2013 with the release of his self-titled debut EP Tropical Oceans , released by The Blue Rider in 2013 and later re-released by 4AD in 2014 . The EP received positive reviews and from here , Perry was invited to attend South by Southwest in the same year , where he was signed by 4AD . Perry also supported Warpaint , Tune-Yards , St Vincent , Jungle and Iron & Wine in 2013 . In 2014 , D.D Dumbo played his first shows in the UK and the US , supporting both Daughter and Tame Impala . He also played at Splendour in the Grass in July as well as Pitchfork Paris Festival . His debut album Utopia Defeated was recorded over the winter of 2015 and released on October 7 , 2016 by Liberation in Australia and New Zealand and 4AD in the rest of the world . The album was released to positive reviews from FasterLouder , Rolling Stone Australia , and AllMusic . In November 2016 , D.D Dumbo was nominated for the J Award for Best Music Video and Best Australian Album and won Best Australian Album . In February 2017 , D.D Dumbo performed at St Jerome 's Laneway Festival , as well as winning Song of the Year at the APRA Music Awards of 2017 for Satan . He was also nominated for four awards in the 2017 ARIA Awards , including Best Adult Contemporary Album , Best Male Artist , Engineer of the Year and Producer Of The Year ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Whaddon,_Buckinghamshire", "text": "Whaddon is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district , in Buckinghamshire . The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'hill where wheat is grown ' . The village is referred to several times in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle generally in the form of Hwætædun . The village is at the centre of the ancient Whaddon Chase , the site for many centuries of royal hunting lands . Whaddon Chase is designated an area of 'Special Landscape Interest ' . Whaddon Church of England School is a mixed Church of England primary school . It is a voluntary controlled school , which takes children from the age of four through to the age of eight . The school has approximately 50 pupils . Whaddon Hall , the village manor , was once home to the Selby family ( also known as Selby-Lowndes ) , whose ancestor William Lowndes built the larger and grander Winslow Hall . Both mansions are still private houses . During the Second World War Whaddon Hall served as headquarters of Section VIII ( Communications ) of MI6 , as an outpost of Bletchley Park ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Avangard_Omsk", "text": "Hockey Club Avangard ( Russian : ХК Авангард , Vanguard ) , also known as Avangard Omsk , are a Russian professional ice hockey team from Omsk . They are members of the Chernyshev Division in the Eastern Conference of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) ."}
{"title": "/wiki/John_Stamos", "text": "John Phillip Stamos ( Greek : Τζον Φίλλιπ Στάμος ; /ˈsteɪmoʊs/ STAY-mohss ; born August 19 , 1963 ) is an American actor , producer , musician , comedian and singer . He first gained recognition for his contract role as Blackie Parrish on the ABC television series General Hospital , for which he was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series . He is known for his work in television , especially in his starring role as Jesse Katsopolis on the ABC sitcom Full House . Since the show 's finale in 1995 , Stamos has appeared in numerous TV films and series . Since 2005 , he has been the national spokesperson for Project Cuddle . From 2005 to 2009 , Stamos had a starring role on the NBC medical drama ER as Dr. Tony Gates . In September 2009 , he began playing the role of Albert in the Broadway revival of Bye Bye Birdie . From September 2015 to 2016 , Stamos starred as the lead character in the Fox sitcom Grandfathered . As of 2016 , he is an executive producer of the Netflix series Fuller House , in which he reprised the role of Jesse Katsopolis . Recently , he starred as Dr. Nicky in the Lifetime/Netflix psychological thriller You ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Old_Saybrook,_Connecticut", "text": "Old Saybrook is a town in Middlesex County , Connecticut , United States . The population was 10,242 at the 2010 census . It contains the incorporated borough of Fenwick , as well as the census-designated places of Old Saybrook Center and Saybrook Manor ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pernilla_Wiberg", "text": "Pernilla Wiberg ( born 15 October 1970 ) is a Swedish former alpine ski racer and businesswoman . She competed on the World Cup circuit between 1990 and 2002 , where she became one of the few all-event winners . Having won two Olympic gold medals , four World Championships and one World Cup overall title , she is one of the most successful alpine ski racers of the 1990s . On club level , she represented Norrköpings SK . She was born in Norrköping ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2000_Summer_Olympics", "text": "The 2000 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad and commonly known as Sydney 2000 or the Millennium Olympic Games/Games of the New Millennium , was an international multi-sport event held between 15 September and 1 October 2000 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia . It was the second time the Summer Olympics were held in Australia , and also the Southern Hemisphere , the first being in Melbourne , Victoria , in 1956 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/2016_Mid-American_Conference_Baseball_Tournament", "text": "The 2016 Mid-American Conference Baseball Tournament was held May 25-29 . The top eight regular season finishers of the conference 's 11 teams , regardless of division , met in the double-elimination tournament held at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon , Ohio . The seventh-seeded Western Michigan Broncos won the tournament to earn the conference 's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament . It marked the first championship game appearance and tournament title for the Broncos ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Lapu-Lapu,_Philippines", "text": "Lapu-Lapu City , officially the City of Lapu-Lapu ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Lapu-Lapu ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Lapu-Lapu ) , or simply known as Lapu-Lapu , is a 1st class highly urbanised city in the region of Central Visayas , Philippines . According to the 2015 census , it has a population of 408,112 people . Formerly known as Opon , the city was renamed to its present name in 1961 . It is one of the cities that make up Metro Cebu in the Philippines . It is geographically located in the province of Cebu , administratively independent from the province , but grouped under Cebu by the Philippine Statistics Authority ( PSA ) . Lapu-Lapu City is bounded on the north by the main island of Cebu , to the west by Cebu City and Mactan Channel , on the east by the Camotes Sea , and on the south by the town of Cordova . The city occupies Mactan Island , a few kilometers off the main island of Cebu . It also has some of the barangays under its jurisdiction on the Olango Island Group . The city is linked to Mandaue on mainland Cebu by the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridges . Mactan-Cebu International Airport , the second busiest airport in the Philippines , is located in Lapu-Lapu ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Ten_Second_Epic", "text": "Ten Second Epic was a Canadian five-piece alternative rock band from Edmonton . The band formed in 2002 consisting of Andrew Usenik ( vocals ) , Daniel Carriere ( guitar ) , Craig Spelliscy ( guitar ) , Sandy MacKinnon ( bass guitar ) and Patrick Birtles ( drums ) . TSE released three full-length albums in the course of their career , Count Yourself In , Hometown and Better Off . The band officially announced their breakup on February 25 , 2014 , and did their final tour in May 2014 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/St._Helena,_California", "text": "St. Helena ( /həˈliːnə/ hə-LEE-nə ; Wappo : Anakotanoma , Bull Snake Village ) is a city in Napa County , in California 's Wine Country , part of the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area . The population was 5,814 at the 2010 census . The city 's American Viticultural Area includes 416 vineyards encompassing 6,800 acres ( 2,800 ha ) of planted vineyards . St. Helena is also the location of The Culinary Institute of America at Greystone and a campus of Napa Valley College ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Akeem_Olajuwon", "text": "Hakeem Abdul Olajuwon ( /əˈlaɪʒuɒn/ ; Yoruba : [ olaɟuwɔ̃ ] ; born January 21 , 1963 ) , formerly spelled ( and still pronounced as ) Akeem Olajuwon , is a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player . From 1984 to 2002 , he played the center position in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) for the Houston Rockets and the Toronto Raptors . He led the Rockets to back-to-back NBA championships in 1994 and 1995 . In 2008 , he was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame , and in 2016 , he was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame . Listed at 7 ft 0 in ( 2.13 m ) , Olajuwon is considered one of the greatest centers ever to play the game . He was nicknamed The Dream during his basketball career after he dunked so effortlessly that his college coach said it looked like a dream . Born in Lagos , Nigeria , Olajuwon traveled from his home country to play for the University of Houston under head coach Guy Lewis . His college career for the Cougars included three trips to the Final Four . Olajuwon was drafted by the Houston Rockets with the first overall selection of the 1984 NBA draft , a draft that included Michael Jordan , Charles Barkley , and John Stockton . He combined with the 7 ft 4 in ( 2.24 m ) Ralph Sampson to form a duo dubbed the Twin Towers . The two led the Rockets to the 1986 NBA Finals , where they lost in six games to the Boston Celtics . After Sampson was traded to the Warriors in 1988 , Olajuwon became the Rockets ' undisputed leader ."}
{"title": "/wiki/North_Dakota's_At-large_congressional_district", "text": "North Dakota 's at-large congressional district is the sole congressional district for the state of North Dakota . Based on size , it is the eighth largest congressional district in the nation . The district is currently represented by Kelly Armstrong ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Music_Meister", "text": "Music Meister is a fictional character created by Mike Jelenic and James Tucker , appearing in Mayhem of the Music Meister ! , an episode of Batman : The Brave and the Bold , voiced by Neil Patrick Harris . The character later appeared in the comic book sequel to the series of the same name , published by DC Comics . The first live-action version of the character appeared in an episode of the third season of The Flash and an episode of the second season of Supergirl played by Darren Criss on The CW ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Pittsburgh,_Pennsylvania", "text": "Pittsburgh ( /ˈpɪtsbɜːrɡ/ PITS-burg ) is a city in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States , and is the county seat of Allegheny County . A population of about 302,407 ( 2018 ) residents live within the city limits , making it the 66th-largest city in the U.S . The metropolitan population of 2,324,743 is the largest in both the Ohio Valley and Appalachia , the second-largest in Pennsylvania ( behind Philadelphia ) , and the 27th-largest in the U.S. Pittsburgh is located in the southwest of the state , at the confluence of the Allegheny , Monongahela , and Ohio rivers . Pittsburgh is known both as the Steel City for its more than 300 steel-related businesses and as the City of Bridges for its 446 bridges . The city features 30 skyscrapers , two inclined railways , a pre-revolutionary fortification and the Point State Park at the confluence of the rivers . The city developed as a vital link of the Atlantic coast and Midwest , as the mineral-rich Allegheny Mountains made the area coveted by the French and British empires , Virginians , Whiskey Rebels , and Civil War raiders . Aside from steel , Pittsburgh has led in manufacturing of aluminum , glass , shipbuilding , petroleum , foods , sports , transportation , computing , autos , and electronics . For part of the 20th century , Pittsburgh was behind only New York City and Chicago in corporate headquarters employment ; it had the most U.S. stockholders per capita . Deindustrialization in the 1970s and 80s laid off area blue-collar workers as steel and other heavy industries declined , and thousands of downtown white-collar workers also lost jobs when several Pittsburgh-based companies moved out . The population dropped from a peak of 675,000 in 1950 to 370,000 in 1990 . However , this rich industrial history left the area with renowned museums , medical centers , parks , research centers , and a diverse cultural district . After the deindustrialization of the mid-20th century , Pittsburgh has transformed into a hub for the health care , education , and technology industries ."}
{"title": "/wiki/Kenneth_Branagh", "text": "Sir Kenneth Charles Branagh ( /ˈbrænə/ ; born 10 December 1960 ) is a Northern Irish actor , director , film producer and screenwriter . Branagh trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London ; in 2015 he succeeded Richard Attenborough as its president . He has both directed and starred in several film adaptations of William Shakespeare 's plays , including Henry V ( 1989 ) ( for which he was nominated for the Academy Awards for Best Actor and Best Director ) , Much Ado About Nothing ( 1993 ) , Othello ( 1995 ) , Hamlet ( 1996 ) ( for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay ) , Love 's Labour 's Lost ( 2000 ) and As You Like It ( 2006 ) . Branagh has starred in numerous other films and television series including Fortunes of War ( 1987 ) , Woody Allen 's Celebrity ( 1998 ) , Wild Wild West ( 1999 ) , as the voice of Miguel in The Road to El Dorado ( 2000 ) , as SS leader Reinhard Heydrich in Conspiracy ( 2001 ) , Shackleton ( 2002 ) , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets ( 2002 ) , Warm Springs ( 2005 ) , as Major General Henning von Tresckow in Valkyrie ( 2008 ) , The Boat That Rocked ( 2009 ) , Wallander ( 2008-2016 ) , My Week with Marilyn ( 2011 ) as Sir Laurence Olivier ( Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor ) , and as Royal Navy Commander Bolton in the action-thriller Dunkirk ( 2017 ) . He has directed such films as Dead Again ( 1991 ) , in which he also starred , Swan Song ( 1992 ) ( Academy Award nominated for Best Live Action Short Film ) , Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein ( 1994 ) in which he also starred , The Magic Flute ( 2006 ) , Sleuth ( 2007 ) , the Marvel superhero film Thor ( 2011 ) , the action thriller Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit ( 2014 ) in which he also co-stars , the live-action adaptation of Disney 's Cinderella ( 2015 ) , and the mystery drama adaptation of Agatha Christie 's Murder on the Orient Express ( 2017 ) , in which he also starred as Hercule Poirot . He narrated the series Cold War ( 1998 ) , the BBC documentary miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs ( 1999 ) ( as well as The Ballad of Big Al ) , Walking with Beasts ( 2001 ) and Walking with Monsters ( 2005 ) . Branagh has been nominated for five Academy Awards and five Golden Globe Awards ; he has won three BAFTAs and two Emmy Awards . He was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the 2012 Birthday Honours and knighted on 9 November 2012 . He was made a Freeman of his native city of Belfast in January 2018 ."}
{"title": "/wiki/20th_Century_Fox", "text": "20th Century Studios ( formerly 20th Century Fox ) is an American film studio that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios , a division of The Walt Disney Company . The studio is located on the Fox Studio Lot in the Century City area of Los Angeles . For over 83 years , it was one of the Big Six major American film studios formed from the merger of the Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures in 1935 . In 1985 , the studio was acquired by News Corporation , which was succeeded by 21st Century Fox in 2013 following the spin-off of its publishing assets . In 2019 , Disney acquired 20th Century Fox through its merger with 21st Century Fox . In 2020 , the studio was renamed to 20th Century Studios ."}
{"title": "/wiki/STS-37", "text": "STS-37 , the eighth flight of the Space Shuttle Atlantis , was a six-day mission with the primary objective of launching the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory ( CGRO ) , the second of the Great Observatories program which included the visible-spectrum Hubble Space Telescope , the Chandra X-ray Observatory and the infrared Spitzer Space Telescope . The mission also featured two spacewalks , the first since 1985 ."}
