Rainer Torres Salas ( born 12 January 1980 ) was a Peruvian and former football defender and current football manager . He currently manages Serrato Pacasmayo . In August 2016 , he announced his retirement from football .
The University of Massachusetts Amherst ( UMass Amherst , UMass , or Massachusetts ) is a public research and land-grant university in Amherst , Massachusetts . It is the flagship campus of the University of Massachusetts system . UMass Amherst has an annual enrollment of approximately 1,300 faculty members and more than 30,000 students . The university offers academic degrees in 109 undergraduate , 77 master 's and 48 doctoral programs . Programs are coordinated in nine schools and colleges . It is also a member of the Five College Consortium . The University of Massachusetts Amherst is classified among R1 : Doctoral Universities - Very high research activity . In fiscal year 2014 , UMass Amherst had research expenditures exceeding $ 200 million . UMass Amherst sports teams are the Minutemen and Minutewomen , the colors being maroon , black , and white ; the school mascot is Sam the Minuteman . All teams participate in NCAA Division I . The university is a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference , while playing ice hockey in Hockey East and football as an FBS Independent .
Yasuda Castle ( 安田城 , Yasuda-jō ) was a Sengoku period flatland-style Japanese castle located in what is now part of the city of Toyama , Toyama Prefecture in the Hokuriku region of Honshu , Japan . The site has been protected by the central government as a National Historic Site since 1981 .
The Milwaukee Brewers are an American professional baseball team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division . The team is named for the city 's association with the brewing industry . Since 2001 , the Brewers have played their home games at Miller Park , which has a seating capacity of 41,900 . The team was founded in 1969 as the Seattle Pilots , an expansion team of the American League ( AL ) , in Seattle , Washington . The Pilots played their home games at Sick 's Stadium . After only one season , the team relocated to Milwaukee , becoming known as the Brewers and playing their home games at Milwaukee County Stadium . In 1998 , the Brewers joined the National League . They are the only franchise to play in four different divisions since the advent of divisional play in Major League Baseball in 1969 . They are also one of two current MLB franchises to switch leagues in their history , the other one being the Houston Astros . The team 's only World Series appearance came in 1982 , and they are one of only six current MLB teams that have never won the World Series . After winning the ALCS against the California Angels , the Brewers faced off against the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series , losing 4-3 .
The rowing competitions at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro took place from 6 to 13 August 2016 at the Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon in Copacabana . Fourteen medal events were being contested by 547 athletes , 334 men and 213 women . For the third Olympics in a row , Great Britain was the most successful nation , topping the medal table with three golds and two silvers . Germany and New Zealand finished equal in second place with two golds and one silver each .
Powroźnik [ pɔˈvrɔʑɲik ] ( Ukrainian : Поворозник , Povoroznyk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia . The village has a population of 1,300 .
Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Minnesota . As of the 2010 census , the population was 129,928 . Its county seat is Shakopee . The county was organized in 1853 and named in honor of General Winfield Scott . Scott County is part of the Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington , MN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is a member of the Metropolitan Council , and shares many of the council 's concerns about responsible growth management , advocating for progressive development concepts such as clustering , open-space design , and the preservation of open space and rural/agricultural land . The Shakopee-Mdewakanton Indian Reservation is entirely within the county and within the cities of Prior Lake and Shakopee . Due to its proximity to major cities , the tribe has earned revenues at its gaming casinos and hotel ; it has used funds to reinvest in economic development for the tribe , founding numerous other enterprises . The tribe is also committed to philanthropy , having donated more than $ 350 million to organizations and causes in Scott County and across the country . Scott County was one of Minnesota 's fastest-growing counties , having increased 55% since 1990 . However , according to US Census data released in 2011 , Scott County saw the steepest drop in median income of all of Minnesota 's populous counties . Scott County is 365 square miles ( 950 km2 ) and is bounded on the west and north by the Minnesota River .
Bærum ( [ ˈbæ̂ːrʉm ] ( listen ) ) is a municipality in Viken County , Norway . The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Sandvika . Bærum was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 . A suburb of Oslo , Bærum is located on the west coast of the city . Bærum has the highest income per capita in Norway and the highest proportion of university-educated individuals . Bærum , particularly its eastern neighbourhoods bordering West End Oslo , is one of Norway 's priciest and most fashionable residential areas , leading Bærum residents to be frequently stereotyped as snobs in Norwegian popular culture . The municipality has been voted the best Norwegian place to live in considering governance and public services to citizens .
The LBC Crew ( Long Beach City Crew ) was a hip-hop trio from Long Beach , California . They were the first act to be executively-produced by Snoop Dogg . During their time with Death Row , the LBC Crew recorded a previously unreleased album entitled Have n't U Heard . which remained unreleased until February 8 , 2011 when it was released by WideAwake/Death Row . They had a hit single with the song Beware Of My Crew , from the A Thin Line Between Love and Hate soundtrack album , which was originally intended to be for their debut album . They played on Snoop Dogg 's second album Tha Doggfather . The group disbanded following the collapse of Death Row . Since then , unreleased material from the group emerged on the underground . The LBC Crew remained visible figures in West-Coast hip-hop . Bad Azz released two solo albums under the Doggy Style imprint . Lil C-Style remained part of disorganized Death Row camp . And Techniec recently signed to The Game 's The Black Wall Street Records then left to start his own label .
The United States Air Force Academy ( USAFA , the Air Force Academy , or the Academy ) is a military academy for officer cadets of the United States Air Force and United States Space Force immediately north of Colorado Springs , Colorado . It is the youngest of the five U.S. service academies , having graduated its first class 61 years ago in 1959 , but is the third in seniority . Graduates of the academy 's four-year program receive a Bachelor of Science degree and are commissioned as second lieutenants in the U.S. Air Force or U.S. Space Force . The academy is also one of the largest tourist attractions in Colorado , attracting approximately a million visitors each year . Admission is extremely competitive , with nominations divided equally among Congressional districts . Recent incoming classes have had about 1,200 cadets ; since 2012 , around 20% of each incoming class does not graduate . Tuition along with room and board are all paid for by the Air Force . Cadets receive a monthly stipend , but incur a commitment to serve a number of years of military service after graduation . The program at the academy is guided by the Air Force 's core values of Integrity First , Service Before Self , and Excellence in All We Do , and based on four pillars of excellence : military training , academics , athletics and character development . In addition to a rigorous military training regimen , cadets also take a broad academic course load with an extensive core curriculum in engineering , humanities , social sciences , basic sciences , military studies and physical education . All cadets participate in either intercollegiate or intramural athletics , and a thorough character development and leadership curriculum provides cadets a basis for future officership . Each of the components of the program is intended to give cadets the skills and knowledge that they will need for success as officers .
The 2014-15 Four Hills Tournament took place at the four traditional venues of Oberstdorf , Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Innsbruck and Bischofshofen , located in Germany and Austria , between 29 December 2014 and 6 January 2015 .
Between the Lines is a game show which was broadcast on Nine Network in Australia . It was a sports-themed comedy show featuring two teams of three players going head-to-head in a quiz . The show was premiered on 12 May 2011 and was hosted by Eddie McGuire with team captains Mick Molloy and Ryan Fitzgerald .
Bloomington is a city in and the county seat of Monroe County in the southern region of the U.S. state of Indiana . It is the seventh-largest city in Indiana and the fourth-largest outside the Indianapolis metropolitan area . According to the Monroe County History Center , Bloomington is known as the Gateway to Scenic Southern Indiana . The city was established in 1818 by a group of settlers from Kentucky , Tennessee , the Carolinas , and Virginia who were so impressed with a haven of blooms that they called it Bloomington . The population was 80,405 at the 2010 census . The city 's population was estimated at 84,981 as of July 2018 by the U.S. Census Bureau . Bloomington is the home to Indiana University Bloomington . Established in 1820 , IU Bloomington has 49,695 students , as of September 2016 , and is the original and largest campus of Indiana University . Most of the campus buildings are built of Indiana limestone . Bloomington has been designated a Tree City for 32 years , as of 2015 [ update ] . The city was also the location of the Academy Award-winning 1979 movie Breaking Away , featuring a reenactment of Indiana University 's annual Little 500 bicycle race . Monroe County 's famous limestone quarries are also featured in the movie .
Xu Zizhou ( Chinese : 徐自宙 ; born 8 January 1981 ) is a Chinese former track and field sprinter . His personal best of 45.25 seconds for the 400 metres is the Chinese record for the event . He was the 400 m bronze medallist at the Asian Athletics Championships in 2000 and secured a gold medal at the 2001 East Asian Games . He broke Chinese youth and junior records for the 400 m and was highly successful at the start of his career , representing China at the 1998 World Junior Championships in Athletics and winning the 400 m title at the 1998 World Youth Games . He was a five-time Chinese champion ( four times over 400 m , once in 200 metres ) and took a 200/400 m double at the National Games of China in 2001 . Despite early success , he retired early in his career , ceasing to compete at age 24 .
The Osseghem/Ossegem Metro Station is one of the metro stations on lines 2 and 6 of the Brussels Metro and was opened in 1982 . It is named after the Osseghem neighbourhood : the name is of Germanic origin and is composed of Odso + -inga + gem , residence of the people of Odso .
Behavioral neuroscience , also known as biological psychology , biopsychology , or psychobiology , is the application of the principles of biology to the study of physiological , genetic , and developmental mechanisms of behavior in humans and other animals .
Ian Lowe ( born 1942 ) is an Australian academic and writer focused on environmental issues . A physics graduate , he is an Emeritus Professor of Science , Technology and Society and former Head of the School of Science at Griffith University . He is also an adjunct professor at Sunshine Coast University and Flinders University . Lowe has authored or co-authored 10 books , 10 Open University books , more than 50 book chapters and over 500 other publications . Books by Lowe include A Big Fix , Reaction Time , Living in the Hothouse , Why vs Why : Nuclear Power , A Voice of Reason : Reflections on Australia , Bigger or Better ? Australia 's Population Debate and The Lucky Country ? Reinventing Australia .
Port Elizabeth or Nelson Mandela Bay ( Xhosa : iBhayi ; Afrikaans : Die Baai [ di ˈbɑːi ] ) often known by its initials P.E. , and colloquially as The Friendly City , is a major seaport city in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa along the Indian Ocean . Port Elizabeth is Africas southern-most and South Africas second oldest city . It is the seat of the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality ( South Africas second largest metropolitan administrative district by area ) ; the countrys sixth most-populous city ; the most-populous city of Eastern Cape ; and the cultural , economic and financial center of the Eastern Cape . The city is among the top five cities in the world for pleasant weather , according to a 2014 scientific climate study of 600 global cities . Port Elizabeth is known for many blue-flag beaches along the citys urban coastline ; its popularity as an international and local holiday destination ; and its rich and diverse cultural heritage . It is a tourism gateway city for the Eastern Cape and the only city with the closest proximity to malaria-free big five game game reserves . The economy of Port Elizabeth is primarily oriented towards automotive assembly , manufacturing and export industries , and the city is also a major South African and sub-Saharan African destination for investment . Foreign direct investments of $ 19,8 billion has been secured over the past decade . Several Fortune 500 companies have a presence or their African operations headquartered in Port Elizabeth . The citys most prominent landmarks are Shark Rock pier , the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium , and the Donkin Reserve . Port Elizabeth was one of the host cities for the official tournament of the 2010 FIFA World Cup . Port Elizabeth is a popular domestic and international holiday destination .
Jean Bruce ( 22 March 1921 - 26 March 1963 ) , born Jean Brochet , was a prolific French popular writer . He also wrote under the pseudonyms of Jean Alexandre , Jean Alexandre Brochet , Jean-Martin Rouan , and Joyce Lindsay . He died in a car accident in 1963 at the age of 42 . He is particularly known for the adventures of secret agent Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath , aka OSS 117 , of which many novels were adapted for the screen in the 1960s . Bruce 's first OSS 117 novel appeared in 1949 . He wrote prolifically with 91 OSS 117 novels and many others before his death in a Jaguar sports car crash . Though the first OSS 117 Is Not Dead film with Ivan Desny in the lead was already made in 1957 , a popular series of several OSS 117 films started no earlier than in 1963 , following the French release of Dr. No with Kerwin Mathews in two , director André Hunebelle 's discovery Frederick Stafford in two more , John Gavin in one ( replacing Stafford who was starring in Alfred Hitchcock 's Topaz , then with Luc Merenda and Alan Scott in two in the 1970s that were French made for TV films . In 2006 the action spoof OSS 117 : Cairo , Nest of Spies starring Jean Dujardin as OSS 117 became a surprise international hit . After his death , his wife Josette Bruce ( who died in 1996 ) continued to write 143 new titles for the OSS 117 character beginning in 1966 until her death . After her death their son and daughter François and Martine Bruce wrote 24 books up until 1992 . Films of some of Bruce 's other books such as Le vicomte règle ses comptes ( The Viscount ) with Kerwin Mathews and Cinq Gars pour Singapour ( Five Ashore in Singapore ) with Sean Flynn were made . Jean-Paul Belmondo played both a Jean Bruce type writer and his OSS 117 type creation in Philippe de Broca 's Le Magnifique .
Rugby Southland is the provincial rugby union who govern the Southland Region of New Zealand . Their headquarters are at Rugby Park Stadium in Invercargill , which is also the home ground of the union 's professional team , the Southland Stags who compete in the Mitre 10 Cup Championship Division and challenge for the Ranfurly Shield . Despite their proud history , no Southland team has ever won the top division of the New Zealand National Provincial Championship since organised competition began in 1976 . However , they have won the NPC second division title five times and held the Ranfurly Shield seven times , most recently in 2011 where they defended the shield twice before losing it to Taranaki . Southland also plays for the Donald Stuart Memorial Shield against rivals Otago in what is the longest tenured provincial rivalry in New Zealand first-class rugby , with 229 matches .
Table tennis was first included in the Olympic program at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , with four events contested .
Benjamin Bryant ( born 1977 ) is an American writer , artist , and broadcaster . He is the former co-executive producer of the Daytime Emmy-winning drama series Anacostia ( where he occasionally works in front of the camera ) , current host of the interview program and podcast The Brink with Benjamin Bryant and co-host upcoming travel docuseries Journeys Beyond . He has produced several television and streaming series , specials , and a series of holiday films . Previously , Bryant served in senior staff positions on multiple high profile task forces and commissions during the Barack Obama administration , including the Pentagons Fort Hood Shooting Task Force , Dont Ask , Dont Tell Repeal Working Group , and the two-year Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission , for which he was the commissions final spokesperson . In 2011 , the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas at Austin announced the formal acquisition of several of Bryant 's papers , notes , and recordings related to his historic work for the White House and Department of Defense . In addition to his work as a journalist and broadcaster , Bryant has appeared as a guest and interview subject in the media throughout his career , including multiple appearances on the nightly news program America Tonight .
Leonard Harold Barker III ( born July 7 , 1955 ) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher . He pitched the tenth perfect game in baseball history . Barker pitched for the Texas Rangers ( 1976-78 ) , Cleveland Indians ( 1979-83 ) , Atlanta Braves ( 1983-85 ) and Milwaukee Brewers ( 1987 ) . During an 11-year baseball career , Barker compiled 74 wins , 975 strikeouts , and a 4.34 earned run average .
The Rottweiler ( /ˈrɒtwaɪlər/ , UK also /-vaɪlər/ ) is a breed of domestic dog , regarded as medium-to-large or large . The dogs were known in German as Rottweiler Metzgerhund , meaning Rottweil butchers ' dogs , because their main use was to herd livestock and pull carts laden with butchered meat to market . This continued until the mid-19th century when railways replaced droving . Although still used to herd stock in many parts of the world , Rottweilers are now also used as search and rescue dogs , as guard dogs , and as police dogs .
Forbes Field was a baseball park in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , from 1909 to June 28 , 1970 . It was the third home of the Pittsburgh Pirates Major League Baseball ( MLB ) team , and the first home of the Pittsburgh Steelers , the city 's National Football League ( NFL ) franchise . The stadium also served as the home football field for the University of Pittsburgh Pitt Panthers from 1909 to 1924 . The stadium was named after its adjacent street , Forbes Ave. , itself named for British general John Forbes , who fought in the French and Indian War and named the city in 1758 . The US $ 1 million ( $ million today ) project was initiated by Pittsburgh Pirates ' owner Barney Dreyfuss , with the goal of replacing his franchise 's then-current home , Exposition Park . The stadium was made of concrete and steel ( one of the first of its kind ) in order to increase its lifespan . The Pirates opened Forbes Field on June 30 , 1909 , against the Chicago Cubs , and played the final game against the Cubs on June 28 , 1970 . The field itself featured a large playing surface , with the batting cage placed in the deepest part of center field during games . Seating was altered multiple times throughout the stadium 's life ; at times fans were permitted to sit on the grass in the outfield during overflow crowds . The Pirates won three World Series while at Forbes Field and the other original tenant , the Pittsburgh Panthers football team had five undefeated seasons before moving in 1924 . Some remnants of the ballpark still stand , surrounded by the campus of the University of Pittsburgh . Fans gather on the site annually on the anniversary of Bill Mazeroski 's World Series winning home run , in what author Jim O'Brien writes is one of the most unique expressions of a love of the game to be found in a major league city .
Benjamin Michael Lee ( born 11 September 1978 ) is an Australian musician and actor . Lee began his career as a musician at the age of 14 with the Sydney band Noise Addict , but focused on his solo career when the band broke up in 1995 . He appeared as the protagonist in the Australian film The Rage in Placid Lake ( 2003 ) . He has released eleven solo studio albums .
Argentina ( Spanish : [ aɾxenˈtina ] ) , officially the Argentine Republic [ A ] ( Spanish : República Argentina ) , is a country located mostly in the southern half of South America . Sharing the bulk of the Southern Cone with Chile to the west , the country is also bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north , Brazil to the northeast , Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east , and the Drake Passage to the south . With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 ( 1,073,500 sq mi ) , [ B ] Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world , the fourth largest in the Americas , the second largest in South America after Brazil , and the largest Spanish-speaking nation . The sovereign state is subdivided into twenty-three provinces ( Spanish : provincias , singular provincia ) and one autonomous city ( ciudad autónoma ) , Buenos Aires , which is the federal capital of the nation ( Spanish : Capital Federal ) as decided by Congress . The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions , but exist under a federal system . Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica , the Falkland Islands ( Spanish : Islas Malvinas ) , and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands . The earliest recorded human presence in modern-day Argentina dates back to the Paleolithic period . The Inca Empire expanded to the northwest of the country in Pre-Columbian times . The country has its roots in Spanish colonization of the region during the 16th century . Argentina rose as the successor state of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata , a Spanish overseas viceroyalty founded in 1776 . The declaration and fight for independence ( 1810-1818 ) was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861 , culminating in the country 's reorganization as a federation of provinces with Buenos Aires as its capital city . The country thereafter enjoyed relative peace and stability , with several waves of European immigration , mainly Italians and Spaniards , radically reshaping its cultural and demographic outlook ; 62.5% of the population has full or partial Italian ancestry , and the Argentine culture has significant connections to the Italian culture .
The goalkeeper , often shortened to keeper or goalie , is one of the major positions of association football . It is the most specialised position in the sport . The goalkeeper 's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring ( moving the ball over the defended goal-line within the frame of the goal ) . This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line . Within the penalty area goalkeepers are able to use their hands , making them ( outside throw-ins ) the only players on the field permitted to handle the ball . The special status of goalkeepers is indicated by them wearing different coloured kits from their teammates . The back-pass rule prevents goalkeepers handling direct passes back to them from teammates . Goalkeepers usually perform goal kicks , and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks , direct and indirect free kicks , and marking . Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch , giving them a unique perspective on play development . The goalkeeper is the only required position of a team . If they are injured or sent off , a substitute goalkeeper has to take their place , otherwise an outfield player must take the ejected keeper 's place in goal . In order to replace a goalkeeper who is sent off , a team usually substitutes an outfield player for the backup keeper ( thus effectively the red card and substitution takes out two of the starting eleven players ) .
Wollongong ( /ˈwʊlənɡɒŋ/ WUUL-ən-gong ) , informally referred to as The Gong , is a seaside city located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia . Wollongong lies on the narrow coastal strip between the Illawarra Escarpment and the Pacific Ocean , 68 kilometres ( 51 miles ) south of central Sydney . Wollongong had an estimated urban population of 302,739 at June 2018 , making it the third-largest city in New South Wales after Sydney and Newcastle , and the tenth-largest city in Australia . The city 's current Lord Mayor is Gordon Bradbery AM who was elected in 2018 . The Wollongong metropolitan area extends from Helensburgh in the north to Shell Cove in the south . It sits within the Wollongong Statistical District , which covers the local authority areas of Wollongong , Shellharbour and Kiama , extending from the town of Helensburgh in the north , to Gerroa in the south Geologically , the city is located in the south-eastern part of the Sydney basin , which extends from Newcastle to Nowra . Wollongong is noted for its heavy industry , its port activity and the quality of its physical setting , occupying a narrow coastal plain between an almost continuous chain of surf beaches and the cliffline of the rainforest-covered Illawarra escarpment . It has two cathedrals , churches of many denominations and the Nan Tien Temple , the largest Buddhist temple in the southern hemisphere . Wollongong has a long history of coal mining and industry . The city attracts many tourists each year , and is a regional centre for the South Coast fishing industry . The University of Wollongong has around 37,000 students and is internationally recognised . The name Wollongong is believed to mean seas of the South in the local Aboriginal language , Tharawal , referring to NSW 's Southern Coast .
The 1977-78 FIBA European Champions Cup was the 21st season of the European top-tier level professional basketball club competition FIBA European Champions Cup ( now called EuroLeague ) . The Final was held at the Olympiahalle , in Munich , West Germany , on April 6 , 1978 . Real Madrid defeated Mobilgirgi Varese , by a result of 75-67 ; both teams qualified for 1978 FIBA Intercontinental Cup .
The following is a list of South Korean films that were released in theaters in 2018 .
The 1954 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the 1954 Big Ten Conference football season . The team was led by quarterback Dave Leggett and captains John Borton and Dick Brubaker . They were the second national title team in Ohio State football history . They were coached by Hall of Fame coach Woody Hayes . The Buckeyes were awarded the title by the AP Poll and represented the Big Ten Conference in the Rose Bowl . The Buckeyes finished the 1953 season with a record of 6-3 . They were ranked # 20 in the preseason AP Poll , but dropped out of the first in-season poll , which was issued before their season opener . However , six weeks later , the Buckeyes had risen to the top of the AP Poll . Their rise from unranked to # 1 in six weeks stood as an AP Poll record for 60 years until being broken by Mississippi State in 2014 . The Buckeyes defeated six ranked teams to capture their first league title under fourth year Coach Hayes . Led by their powerful defense , the Bucks beat the # 2 Wisconsin Badgers and their eventual Heisman Trophy winner Alan Ameche on an 88-yard interception return by Howard Hopalong Cassady , who won the award the following year . The Buckeye defense forced 35 turnovers during the season and allowed only two teams to score more than one touchdown In their game against the Michigan Wolverines , the Bucks held a goal-line stand and then drove 99 yards for a touchdown .
Torreya nucifera is a slow-growing , coniferous tree native to southern Japan and to South Korea 's Jeju Island . It is also called kaya ( 榧 ) Japanese torreya or Japanese nutmeg-yew .
Gràcia ( Catalan pronunciation : [ ˈɡɾasiə ] ) is a district of the city of Barcelona , Spain . It comprises the neighborhoods of Vila de Gràcia , Vallcarca i els Penitents , El Coll , La Salut and Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova . Gràcia is bordered by the districts of Eixample to the south , Sarrià-Sant Gervasi to the west and Horta-Guinardó to the east . A vibrant and diverse enclave of Catalan life , Gràcia was an independent municipality for centuries before being formally annexed by Barcelona in 1897 as a part of the city 's expansion .
The Lucas Kuehn House is a historic house in Wabasha , Minnesota , United States . It was built in 1878 for Lucas Kuehn ( 1834- ? ) , the city 's leading merchant of the 19th century . The house was the city 's first to be designed in the Italianate style . It was also part of a unique trend among Wabasha 's merchant class for houses constructed of brick . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 for its local significance in the themes of architecture and commerce . It was nominated for its associations with Kuehn and for its exemplary Italianate architecture .
Seoul ( /soʊl/ , like soul ; Korean : 서울 [ sʌ.ul ] ( listen ) ; lit . Capital ) , officially the Seoul Special City , is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea . Seoul forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area . Ranked as an alpha world city , Seoul was the world 's 4th largest metropolitan economy with a GDP of US $ 635 billion in 2014 after Tokyo , New York City and Los Angeles . International visitors generally reach Seoul via AREX from the Incheon International Airport , notable for having been rated the best airport for nine consecutive years ( 2005-2013 ) by the Airports Council International . In 2015 , it was rated Asia 's most livable city with the second highest quality of life globally by Arcadis , with the GDP per capita ( PPP ) in Seoul being around $ 40,000 . In 2017 , the cost of living in Seoul was ranked 6th globally . In 2018 , Seoul 's real estate market was ranked 5th in the world for the price of apartments in the downtown center. , Seoul was one of the host cities for the official tournament of the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Korea/Japan . With major technology hubs centered in Gangnam and Digital Media City , the Seoul Capital Area is home to the headquarters of 15 Fortune Global 500 companies , including Samsung , LG , and Hyundai . Ranked seventh in the Global Power City Index and Global Financial Centres Index , the metropolis exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences . Seoul has hosted the 1986 Asian Games , 1988 Summer Olympics , 2002 FIFA World Cup , and more recently the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit . Seoul was the capital of various Korean kingdoms , including Baekje , Joseon , and the Korean Empire and served as the secondary capital of Goryeo .
Ma Huateng ( Chinese : 马化腾 ; pinyin : Mǎ Huàténg , born on October 29 , 1971 ) , also known as Pony Ma , is a Chinese business magnate , investor , politician , and philanthropist . He is the founder , chairman and chief executive officer of Tencent , Asia 's most valuable company , one of the largest Internet and technology companies , and the biggest investment , gaming and entertainment conglomerates in the world . The company controls China 's biggest mobile instant messaging service and its subsidiaries provide media , entertainment , payment systems , smartphones , internet-related services , value-added services and online advertising services , both in China and globally . In 2007 , 2014 , and 2018 , Time magazine called him one of the world 's most influential people , while in 2015 , Forbes credited him as one of the world 's most powerful people . In 2017 , Fortune ranked him as among the top businessmen of the year . In 2018 , he was named one of the Most Powerful People In The World by the CEOWORLD magazine . Ma is a deputy to the Shenzhen Municipal People 's Congress and is a delegate in the 12th National People 's Congress . Being one of Fortune world 's greatest leaders , Ma is known for his low profile personality as compared to fellow Chinese businessman Jack Ma 's outgoing personality . Ma has been closely compared to American investor Warren Buffett for their similar investment philosophies , and often described as an aggressive acquisitor . As of August 2019 [ update ] , he is China 's richest man , and the 20th wealthiest in the world , with a net worth of US $ 37.7 billion . On 21 November 2017 , he surpassed both Larry Page and Sergey Brin to become the ninth richest man in the world , and the first citizen from the People 's Republic of China to enter Forbes ' top 10 richest men list .
The Akhtuba River ( Russian : А́хтуба ) ; also transliterated Achtuba on some maps ) is a left distributary of the Volga River . The Akhtuba splits off the Volga above the city Volgograd ( at 48°49′00″N 44°41′17″E / 48.8167°N 44.6880°E / 48.8167 ; 44.6880 ) , and flows toward the Volga Delta and Caspian Sea . The old beginning of Akhtuba was blocked by the dam of the Volga Hydroelectric Station ; now it flows from the Volga via an artificial outtake canal 6.5 kilometres ( 4.0 mi ) long that starts below the dam . The river is 537 kilometres ( 334 mi ) long ; the average water flow is 153 cubic metres per second ( 5,400 cu ft/s ) . The following cities lie on or near the Akhtuba : Volzhsky ( at the beginning of the river ) , Leninsk , Znamensk , Akhtubinsk , Kharabali ( within 5 kilometres of the river ) . The capital of the Golden Horde , Sarai Batu , was most likely located along the Akhtuba as well , not far from Kharabali . The area between the Volga and the Akhtuba is known as the Volga-Akhtuba plain , which is one of Russia 's primary vegetable growing areas . It is particularly well known as a major source of watermelons consumed in Russia .
Damien Joly ( born 4 June 1992 in Ollioules ) is a French swimmer . At the 2012 Summer Olympics , he competed in the Men 's 1500 metre freestyle , finishing in 14th place overall in the heats , failing to qualify for the final .
Sergiu Florin Nicolaescu ( Romanian : [ ˈserd͡ʒju floˈrin nikolaˈesku ] ; 13 April 1930 - 3 January 2013 ) was a Romanian film director , actor and politician . He is widely regarded as the most influential Romanian filmmaker of all time . He was best known for his historical films , such as Mihai Viteazul ( 1970 , released in English both under the equivalent title Michael the Brave and also as The Last Crusade ) , Dacii ( 1966 , Les Guerriers ) , Razboiul Independenței ( 1977 , War of Independence ) , as well as for his series of thrillers that take place in the interwar Kingdom of Romania , such as Un comisar acuză ( 1973 , A Police Inspector Calls ) . Joanna Pacuła starred in his film Ultima noapte de dragoste ( The Last Night of Love ) in 1979 before eventually emigrating to the U.S. where he went on to a very successful career .
Dejan Perić ( born 22 September 1970 ) is a retired Serbian handballer and current coach . He played as a goalkeeper for RK Dinamo Pančevo , RK Crvena Zvezda , Pelister Bitola , Atlético Madrid BM , SD Teucro , Celje Pivovarna Laško , FC Barcelona , MVM Veszprém and is a former member of the Serbia national handball team . Currently he is in charge of the goalkeepers of RK Vardar .
The Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast within the borders of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic , mostly inhabited by ethnic Armenians . It was divided into five raions or administrative divisions :
Elmer J. Fudd is a fictional cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies series , and an adversary of Bugs Bunny . He has one of the more disputed origins in the Warner Bros. cartoon pantheon ( second only to Bugs himself ) . His aim is to hunt Bugs , but he usually ends up seriously injuring himself and other antagonizing characters . He speaks in an unusual way , replacing his Rs and Ls with Ws , so he always refers to Bugs Bunny as a scwewy wabbit . Elmer 's signature catchphrase is , Shhh . Be vewy vewy quiet , I 'm hunting wabbits , as well as his trademark laughter . The best known Elmer Fudd cartoons include Chuck Jones ' work What 's Opera , Doc ? ( one of the few times Fudd bested Bugs , though he felt bad about it ) , the Rossini parody Rabbit of Seville , and the Hunting Trilogy of Rabbit Season/Duck Season shorts ( Rabbit Fire , Rabbit Seasoning , and Duck ! Rabbit , Duck ! ) with Fudd , Bugs Bunny , and Daffy Duck . An earlier character named Egghead set some of Elmer 's aspects before the character 's more conspicuous features were set .
Lester B. Pearson International Airport ( IATA : YYZ , ICAO : CYYZ ) , branded as Toronto Pearson International Airport ( simply known as Toronto Pearson , Pearson Airport or Pearson ) , is the primary international airport serving Toronto , its metropolitan area , and its surrounding region known as the Golden Horseshoe . It is the largest and busiest airport in Canada , the second-busiest international air passenger gateway in the Americas , and the 30th-busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic , handling 49.5 million passengers in 2018 . The airport is named in honour of Lester B. Pearson , Nobel Peace Prize laureate and 14th Prime Minister of Canada . Toronto Pearson is located 22.5 kilometres ( 14.0 mi ) northwest of Downtown Toronto with the majority of the airport situated in the city of Mississauga and a small portion of the airfield extending into Toronto 's western district of Etobicoke . It features five runways and two passenger terminals along with numerous cargo and maintenance facilities on a site that covers 1,867 hectares ( 4,613 acres ) . Pearson Airport is the primary hub for Air Canada . It also serves as a hub for WestJet , cargo airline FedEx Express , and as a base of operations for Air Transat and Sunwing Airlines . Pearson is operated by the Greater Toronto Airports Authority ( GTAA ) as part of Transport Canada 's National Airports System , and is the largest airport in the world with facilities for United States border preclearance . An extensive network of non-stop domestic flights is operated from Toronto Pearson by several airlines to all major and many secondary cities across all provinces of Canada . As of 2019 , over 75 airlines operate around 1,250 daily departures from the airport to more than 180 destinations across all six of the world 's inhabited continents .
Nicole Françoise Florence Dreyfus ( born 27 April 1932 ) , known professionally as Anouk Aimée ( French pronunciation : ​ [ anuk ɛme ] ) or Anouk , is a French film actress , who has appeared in 70 films since 1947 , having begun her film career at age 14 . In her early years she studied acting and dance besides her regular education . Although the majority of her films were French , she also made a number of films in Spain , Great Britain , Italy and Germany , along with some American productions . Among her films are Federico Fellini 's La Dolce Vita ( 1960 ) , after which she was considered a rising star who exploded onto the film world . She subsequently acted in Fellini 's 8½ ( 1963 ) , Jacques Demy 's Lola ( 1961 ) , George Cukor 's Justine ( 1969 ) , Bernardo Bertolucci 's Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man ( 1981 ) and Robert Altman 's Prêt à Porter ( 1994 ) . She won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her acting in A Man and a Woman ( 1966 ) . The film virtually reignited the lush on-screen romance in an era of skeptical modernism , and brought her international fame . She won the Award for Best Actress at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival for Marco Bellocchio 's film A Leap in the Dark . In 2002 she received an honorary César Award , France 's national film award . Aimée was noted for her striking features and beauty , and considered one of the hundred sexiest stars in film history , according to a 1995 poll conducted by Empire Magazine . She has often portrayed a femme fatale with a melancholy aura . In the 1960s , Life magazine wrote that after each picture her enigmatic beauty lingered in the memories of her audience , and called her the Left Bank 's most beautiful resident .
HMS Acanthus was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Navy .
Huntington is a city in Cabell and Wayne Counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia . It is the county seat of Cabell County , and largest city in the Huntington-Ashland , WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area , sometimes referred to as the Tri-State Area . A historic and bustling city of commerce and heavy industry , Huntington has benefited from its location on the Ohio River at the mouth of the Guyandotte River . It is home to the Port of Huntington Tri-State , the second-busiest inland port in the United States . Surrounded by extensive natural resources , the industrial sector is based in coal , oil , chemicals and steel , all of which support Huntington 's diversified economy . The city is a vital rail-to-river transfer point for the marine transportation industry . Also , it is considered a scenic locale in the western foothills of the Appalachian Mountains . This location was selected by Collis Potter Huntington as ideal for the western terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway , the predecessor of what would become CSX Transportation which still operates CSX Transportation-Huntington Division in the city to date . The railroad founded Huntington as one of the nation 's first planned communities to facilitate the railroad and other transportation-related industries at the railway 's western terminus . The site , previously a collection of agricultural homesteads , developed fast after the railroad 's completion in 1871 and is eponymously named for the railroad company 's founder Collis Potter Huntington . The first identifiable permanent settlement , Holderby 's Landing , was founded in 1775 in the Colony of Virginia . With the exception of the neighborhoods of Westmoreland and Spring Valley , most of the city is in Cabell County .
Club Universitario de Deportes , also popularly known as Universitario and La U , is a Peruvian football club located in Lima . The club was founded in 1924 under the name Federación Universitaria by students of the National University of San Marcos but was forced to rename in 1931 . Since 1928 , the club competes in the top tier of Peruvian football , the Torneo Descentralizado . In 2000 , they opened the 80,000-capacity stadium Estadio Monumental , currently the largest stadium in Peru and South America , retiring their smaller Estadio Teodoro Lolo Fernandez . Universitario and Alianza Lima are involved in the derby el Clásico , which has its roots in the club 's first participation in the Primera División in 1928 . It also has rivalries with Sporting Cristal , Deportivo Municipal , and Sport Boys . Universitario has won twenty-six first division titles , it was the first Peruvian club to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores . The club won its first Peruvian title in 1929 , one year after its debut in the first division . The club won its first double in the seasons of 1945 and 1946 and won its only treble after conquering the 2000 season . Universitario is one of the two most popular teams in Peru . Universitario 's youth team is U América FC which currently participates in the Copa Perú . According to the International Federation of Football History and Statistics , an international organization recognized by FIFA , Universitario was the best Peruvian club of the 20th century and the 28th most successful in South America .
Consto Arena ( until 2012 known as Nedre Eiker Stadion , between 2012 and 2015 as Mjøndalen Stadion and between 2015 and 2018 as Isachsen Stadion ) is a football stadium located at Mjøndalen in Nedre Eiker , Norway . It is the home ground of Mjøndalen IF in the Eliteserien , providing a capacity for 4,350 spectators .
The Cathedral of the Most Holy Savior and of Saints John the Baptist and the Evangelist in the Lateran ( Italian : Santissimo Salvatore e Santi Giovanni Battista ed Evangelista in Laterano ) - also known as the Papal Archbasilica of Saint John [ in ] Lateran , Saint John Lateran , or the Lateran Basilica - is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Rome in the city of Rome and serves as the seat of the Roman Pontiff . It is the oldest and highest ranking of the four papal major basilicas , holding the unique title of archbasilica . It is the oldest public church in the city of Rome , and the oldest basilica of the Western world . It houses the cathedra of the Roman bishop , and has the title of ecumenical mother church of the Catholic faithful . The current rector is Cardinal Archpriest Angelo De Donatis , Vicar General for the Diocese of Rome . The President of the French Republic , currently Emmanuel Macron , is ex officio the first and only honorary canon of the archbasilica , a title that the heads of state of France have possessed since King Henry IV . The large Latin inscription on the façade reads : Clemens XII Pont Max Anno V Christo Salvatori In Hon SS Ioan Bapt et Evang . This abbreviated inscription translates as : Pope Clement XII , in the fifth year [ of his Pontificate , dedicated this building ] to Christ the Savior , in honor of Saints John the Baptist and [ John ] the Evangelist . The inscription indicates , with its full title ( see below ) , that the archbasilica was originally dedicated to Christ the Savior and , centuries later , co-dedicated to Saint John the Baptist and Saint John the Evangelist . As the Cathedral of the Pope as Bishop of Rome , it ranks superior to all other churches of the Roman Catholic Church , including Saint Peter 's Basilica . The archbasilica is sited in the City of Rome . It is outside Vatican City , which is approximately 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) to its northwest , although the archbasilica and its adjoining edifices have extraterritorial status from Italy as one of the properties of the Holy See , pursuant to the Lateran Treaty of 1929 .
